I am planning a trip to town and want to sight see a bit. Can you let me know some attractions I may be interested in?|There are 79 attractions in the city. Do you have a specific type of attraction or specific area of the attraction that you are interested in?
I'd like something in the centre.|Great! How about All Saints Church? It has fantastic architecture and free entrance. Would you like more information?
Could I get the address for it? I would also like an expensive place to eat around it.|The address is Jesus Lane. What type of food would you like to eat?
I'm in the mood for Caribbean food.|Unfortunately, there are no expensive caribbean restaurants in that area. Would you like me to check a different type of cuisine, or another area?
Yes, I also love turkish food. Is there something in the center that's expensive? Also, what type of attraction is All Saints Church?|The Meze Bar Restaurant is an expensive Turkish restaurant in the city centre.  The All Saints Church is an architecture attraction.
Can I have the phone number, address and postcode for the restaurant please?|I don't have a phone number available, but the address is 196 Mill Road City Centre, postal code cb13nf. Anything else I can do for you?
Great that's all that I needed to know, thank you!|You're welcome, feel free to contact us about anything else you need.
I was hoping to see local places while in cambridge. Some entertainment would be great.|i got 5 options. which side is okay for you?
It doesn't matter.  Can I have the address of a good one?|How about funky fun house, they are located at 8 mercers row, mercers row industrial estate.
Could i also get the phone number and postcode?|Sure. The phone number is 01223304705, and the postcode is cb58hy. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Yes, I need a restuarant. I want something on the south side. Expensive.|Trer are many. What kind of food would you like ?
Indian food is my favorite! What's the address for the best one?|Unfortunately, there aren't any Indian restaurants in the south side of town, would you like me to look in other areas?
Could you check one more time? Restaurant in the south part of town, expensive, that serves Indian food?|I'm sorry there doesn't seem to be any expensive Indian restaurants to the south.
Can you check again for a 3rd time? I really want to eat Indian food.|Please stop asking to check for the same thing. I have said there is none in the south try a different area.
Do you have any Indian restaurants in the south in a different price range?|Hi this is the supervisor. I apologize for the attitude of our staff. We do have taj tandoori, and expensive Indian restaurant in the South. Would you like me to book?
Thank you. May I have the address?|The address is 64 Cherry Hinton Road Cherry Hinton. Can i help you with anything else today?
That's all I need, thanks so much for all of your help! Have a great day!|you are welcome
Also, thanks for the apology. I don't need anything else at this time.|Have a great day. good bye.
I'm looking for a college type attraction.|There are 18 colleges I have found, would you prefer one in town centre or in the west?
I would like to visit on in town centre please.|Sure, we have thirteen options, 10 of which are free. May I suggest king's college, or hughes hall?
Okay, may I have their postcode, entrance fee, and phone number?|Sure, the post code to king's college is cb21st, the entrance fee is free, and phone number 01223331100
Can you find an Indian restaurant for me that is also in the town centre?|Cambridge has 9 options for Indian food in the centre, do you have a specific price range?
Can I get the postcode, price range, and phone number of one?|The first result is Curry Garden, postcode is cb21dp, price range is expensive, phone number is 01223302330. Would you like me to reserve a table for you?
No thank you, I'll just give them a call. That's all I needed for now.|Thank you for choosing Cambridge TownInfo Centre. Have a wonderful day!
I am looking for a particular restaurant. It is called pizza hut city centre.|It's a cheap italian place in the centre at Regent Street City Centre cb21ab. The phone number is 01223323737. Would you like more info?
That sounds like just the place! Can you book me a table for 2 at 19:45 on Thursday?|You're all set. I've got a table for 2 at 19:45 this Thursday. Your reference number is F3K2PQZZ.
Ok sounds good. Thank you!|You are welcome.  Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
That is all. Thank you for your help!|You're welcome. Have a great day.
I'm so hungry - can you find me a place to eat in the city centre?|I'm happy to help! There are a great deal of restaurants there. What type of food did you have in mind?
I do not not care, it just needs to be expensive.|fitzbillies restaurant serves british food would that be okay?
Yes, may I have the address?|Sure, they're located at 51 Trumpington Street City Centre. Can I help you with anything else today?
Yes, can you help me find a train that can take me from Cambridge to Norwich?|Certainly. Can you tell me what day you would like to travel?
the train should arrive by 13:45 and book for 6 people and give me the reference number please|I'd be happy to, but can you tell me which day you'd like to travel on?
The train should leave on thursday.|The one closest to your desired arrive by time will arrive at 12:55 and depart at 11:36.  Would you like me to book this for you?
Yes, please. Could I have the reference number as well?|I was able to book you 6 tickets for that train. Your reference number is  PSQ9JOOI. Is there anything else I can help with?
No, I do not think so. Thank you for your help.|Okay great, have a good day!
Please find me an expensive place to dine on the South side of town|Sure, we have Chinese, Indian, Italian or Mexican that you could choose from.
How about chinese.|Okay, how about the good luck chinese food takeaway?  Will that work for you?
Yes, that sounds good! Book a table for 3 at 13:45 please.|I'll be happy to help you with that. What day would you like the reservation for?
I'd like to make it for Wednesday. Can you include the reference number?|Your reservation is all set for Wednesday. Your reference number is 68X7U9IG. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I need a hotel in the same price range as the restaurant that has free parking and free wifi for the same group for 3 nights starting from the same day.|Ok and for how many days ?
how about 1 nights.|There are 5 results matching your requirements. What area of town would you like?
The area does not matter. Just the criteria I stated. It will be starting Wednesday.|How about the University Arms Hotel? It has free parking and wifi, and it's a 4 star rated hotel.
If you can book it for my group, I need it for 3 nights starting on Wednesday.|Yes I will book it for you and get a reference number ?
I am looking for information in Cambridge.|Sure, what do you need to know?
I would like to book a reservation at Caffe Uno.|What day and time do you need the reservation for? And how many people in your group?
I need the reservation for 1 person for Friday at 10:15.|Your booking was successful and your table has been reserved! Your reference number is 3UH2KQDP. Can I do anything else for you today?
Yes, I need a train on Friday also, going into Cambridge.|Ok, where from and what time do you want to arrive by?
I am leaving peterborough and want to get to cambridge by 08:15|I can put you on the tr0035 it will get you there by 08:09. How many tickets do you need?
Just one.  Can I get the reference number for that?|Your reference number is E75VHN9I and 16.5 pounds will be payable at the station. Anything else I can do for you?
Yes, could you please email or fax me the fare amount, as well as the reference number?|it will cost you 16.50 pounds and the Reference number is : E75VHN9I.
Thank you. That is all that I need.|Welcome, it was a pleasure serving you.
Hi, I am currently planning to come to Cambridge, and I was looking for a relatively inexpensive place to eat in the centre.  What would you suggest?|The Gardenia is an excellent and cheap place in the center of town, serving Mediterranean cuisine. Would you like a table there?
Yes, please book a table for 1 people at 19:15 on monday.|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : IU63HAEN. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Yes. I need a place to stay in the same part of town. It must have free parking.|We have two guesthouses and two hotels that meet your needs. The guesthouses are cheap, and the hotels are expensive. Do you have a preference?
I want a place with a 0 star rating|I have one result. It is el shaddai, which is a cheap guesthouse. Do you want to book it?
Yes, can you book the room for me?|Yes I can but I need to know when your stay is how many people and for the number of rooms.
Do you have their phone numbers?|El Shaddai's phone number is 01223327978. Did you want to book a room?
No thank you that was all I needed today.|Have a great day. If you need anything else just contact us again.
I am looking for an expensive Italian restaurant.|There is an expensive Italian restaurant named Frankie and Bennys at Cambridge Leisure Park Clifton Way Cherry Hinton. Would you like to go there or choose another?
Great yeah that sounds great can you book a table for 5 people at 11:30 on Sunday?|Unfortunately there are no tables available, please try another day or time slot.
How about 10:30 on sunday? And may I have a reference number?|I was able to book a table for 5 at 10:30 on Sunday. Your reference number is MBC9E6AL. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No, that is all. Thank you so much for your help.|You're welcome. Good-bye.
I'm looking for a train schedule after 15:15, going to Cambridge.|There are several trains available for you. Where are you departing from and what day would you prefer?
i'm leaving from broxbourne to leave on saturday after 15:15|Is there a time you would prefer to arrive?
No, but I would like the booking made for two people.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 35.79 GBP payable at the station .
Reference number is : N5FLMFK9. Anything else you need?
Yes, are there any italian restaurants in the center of town?|Yes I have pizza hut city centre located at regent street city centre.  Would you like to make a table reservation?
Yes please. Can you book it for Saturday at 19:45 for 2 and get me a reference number?|I'm sorry, they didn't have that time available. Would you like to try a different time or a different day?
Yes, can you try for 18:45 instead?|Sure thing! Your reference number is D1CJSO6Z.
Thank you for your help!|Did you need any further assistance today?
That is all, thanks again.|I'm glad we could help. Have a nice day.
I am seeking a restaurant that serves British food in the centre.|I have about 7 different options for you. Do you have a certain price range in mind?
I'd like a moderately priced one.|There are 4 restaurants that match that criteria which are Restaurant One Seven, The Oak Bistro, The Copper Kettle, and Cotto. Which one would you be interested in?
I would like the oak bistro.|Great choice.  It is at 6 Lensfield Road.  Would you like a reservation?
Yes, table for 2 at 13:30 on Friday. If not available then Tuesday. Need reference number as well.|I made the booking for Friday. Your reference number is 0Z3UX3DM. Do you need anything else?
I'd also like a nightclub to go to in the same area as the restaurant.|There are 5 nighclubs in the centre. Would you like more information on them?
Yes can I get the phone number of one you'd recommend?|ballare's phone number is 01223364222. Can I get you anything else?
No, we are all set, thanks for making this trip easier.|It was my pleasure to be of service. Goodbye.
i need to eat australian food in a place that is expensive|Unfortunately, I am not able to find any Australian cuisine in Cambridge? Can I look up another type of restaurant for you?
Are you sure there are no restaurants that serve Australian food in the north that has an expensive price range?|No, I apologize there are no Australian restaurants in Cambridge. Would you like to try another type of cuisine?
Hmm, I'll try asian oriental instead.|saigon city is one of the best places in town. Shall I book it for you ?
Yes, please book it for me.|What day and time should I make the reservation for? How many people?
Let's make it for six people at 15:00 on saturday.|Booking was successful. The reference number is 30D245LZ. Anything else I can do?
Thank you! Now I need some suggestions on places to go in that same area of town.|Would you like to go to milton country park? They are located in the north and the entrance fee is free.
Sure.  What is their postcode and phone number?|The postcode is cb46az. The phone number is 01223420060. Can I help you with anything else?
That all thank you very much for all your help.|you are very welcome. thank you for using our system.
Can you help me find some Thai food to eat tonight?|What area of town would you prefer?
I don't care where, just as long as it's expensive!|Understood. You have a choice between Sala Thong and Bangkok City.
Sala Thong sounds good. Please make a booking for 2 at 11:45 on Monday|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Reference number is : RARTE3OH. is there anything else i can help you with?
yeah i need a train too|Where will you be leaving from?
I'll need to arrive by 11:00 and it should be going to london liverpool street.|There are 21 trains available. Would you like to narrow it down by departure site, day, or departure time?
Let's pick something arriving between 11:00 and 10:30. It needs to depart from cambridge and leave on tuesday.|Train TR4259 arrives in London Liverpool Street at 9:27. It's the closest arrival time to 11:00. How many tickets would you like to book?
I would like 2 tickets please.|Your reservation for 2 on the TR4259 train was successful, the total fee is 33.2 GBP payable at the station. Your Reference number is : FNRSFZWB
Thank you so much. The restaurant and train are all I need for now. Have a great day. Goodbye.|Ok! Have a great day!
Can you help me find a restaurant? I want to find a place in the centre.|Sure! There are plenty of restaurants in the centre to choose from. What type of food do you prefer?
I'd like to find a vegetarian restaurant, if possible.|I'm afraid there's none of those in the centre.  Would you like to try and different area of town?
What about a restaurant that serves asian oriental food in the centre instead?|There are a few options in the centre ranging from cheap to expensive. Do you have a price range you would prefer?
no not really. why don't you pick one a reserve a table for 4 at 19:15 on wednesday please|Your booking was successful. Your reference number is SB1NTSYB. Is there anything else I can do for you?
I'll need a ride there. Can you arrange a taxi for me?|Where will you be departing from?
Departing from the hotel and arriving at the restaurant by 19:15.|First we need to book you a hotel or guesthouse. Do you have any preferences for location or price?
I want kirkwood house- I don't need a booking, just the postcode.|The postcode is cb41da. How else may I help you?
Now I need a taxi.|I have booked a taxi from kirkwood house to the dojo noodle bar for you. A white honda will pick you up. The contact number is 07516276037. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Will the taxi arrive to the restaurant by the booked time?|yes, it will arrive by 19:15
that will be okay for now thanks|You're welcome! I hope you have a wonderful trip!
Thank you. I appreciated your assistance.|And thank you for texting the cambridge towninfo centre. Take care!
I'm looking for some attractions in the centre.|What type of attraction are you looking for?
Parks for kids or a water slide|There is Parkside pools in the Centre. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
I need the entrance fee, phone number, and postcode.|Sure,the phone number is 01223446100 and the post code is cb11ly,and my records do not show what the entrance fee is.
Thank you, can you also help me find a restaurant that is in the same area as the Parkside pools?|We have several food options in city centre. Can you tell me a bit more about the type of restaurant you enjoy?
I am open to all types of food as long as it's in the  moderate price range.|I've found several restaurants that are located in the Centre with a moderate price range. May I recommend a British restaurant called the Oak Bistro?
That sounds great. Can you book that for Tuesday at 12:00?|How many people will be in your party?
There are 6 people|The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Reference number is : EJAOP5QE.
Thanks for your help!|You are quite welcome. Is there anything else I can assist with today?
No that will be all. Thanks!|I hope you enjoy your time in Cambridge. Goodbye!
Where are some places in town around Cambridge College?|Please specify the type of attraction you're interested in.
A college type of attraction.|I found several college type attractions.  Do you prefer a certain area of town?
I don't have a preference. Can you suggest something?|I sure can.  Corpus Christi is one of the most popular ones.
That sounds great! May I have the address? Also, what part of town is it located in?|The address is King's Parade and it is in the Centre of town.  Is there anything else you need to know?
I am also looking for a particular restaurant.  Have you heard of Thanh Binh?|Yes I have. It's a great inexpensive restaurant. Would you like their information?
Could I actually just book a table for 7 there?|Sure thing. I will work on getting this booked for you.
I'd like to dine at 13:30 on Sunday please.|Reservations for 7 at the Thanh Binh has been made for Sunday at 13:30.  The address is 17 Magdalene Street City Centre postcode is CB30af.
I need a restaurant to dine at in Cambridge on my upcoming trip.|There are lots to choose from. What type of cuisine are you looking for?
I don't care. It needs to be on the south side and moderately priced.|There are 2 options, pizza hut cherry hinton which serves italian and restaurant alimentum which serves modern european.  Can I book you for those?
Yes please.  I also need a hotel with at least 3 stars and free parking.|There is no hotel in south side,do you want me to try different area?
How about a Guesthouse in South side instead?|I'm sorry, there is no guest house that meets those criteria, either. Would you like to try a different rating, or a different area?
Sure, what about in the city centre?|I am not finding a guesthouse that meets your criteria.  Might a hotel work?
Is there not one in the same area as the restaurant?|There are 2, the Alexander Bed and Breakfast 4 star or the El Shaddai 0 star.  Both are in the cheap range and in the Centre.
Okay. Can you try booking the El Shaddai for me fo Saturday for 2 people for 3 nights.|The booking was successful.  Your reference number is S8LZAB9P.  Is there anything else I can help with today?
No that would be everything, thank you!|Okay! Glad I could help. Enjoy your stay.
Thank you, I will.|Good bye, thank you.
I am looking for a restaurant that serves Modern European food at a reasonable price.|Try riverside brasserie, it is located at 	Doubletree by Hilton Cambridge Granta Place Mill Lane
Is that in the centre of town? Is it moderately priced?|It is indeed in the Centre and moderately priced.  Would you like me to book a table for you?
I just need the adress and post code.|The postcode is cb21rt and the address is Doubletree by Hilton Cambridge Granta Place Mill Lane, will that be all?
I also need to take a train on wednesday, leaving after 10:15.|Okay, we have a LOT of trains leaving after that time.  What is your starting point and destination?
From Leicester to Cambridge, please.|OK, the TR9776 leaves at 11:09 and arrives at 12:54, the cost is 37.80 pounds, do you want me to book you?
Yes please book the train for 1 person and make sure you give me the reference number.|Ok, you are booked.  Your reference number is OYDBAUOS.  The total is 37.79 GBP payable at the station .  Is there anything else I can help you with?
I don't think so. That was everything. Thanks. Goodbye.|Thank you for using Cambridge TownInfo centre.  Please consider us for your future travel needs.
I'm looking for a gastropub in the east.|The Royal Standard is a gastropub located in the east.
Could you please provide the phone number, address and postcode for The Royal Standard?|Phone Number: 01223247877. Post Code: cb13nl, address 290 Mill Road City Centre. Anything else?
Great can I also get a train going to leicester and arriving by 11:45?|Where will you be departing from and what day would you like to travel?
Cambridge, and I will be traveling on Saturday.|TR5677 will arrive at 11:06 would that work for you?
Could you get me the price of that train and the travel time before you book it?|I have TR5677 arriving at Leicester by 11:06.
Can you give me the travel time and total cost please?|105 minutes. 30.24 pounds.
ok thank you so mucy|Ok great. Would you like for me to go ahead and book the train for you?
Yes, please book the train for me. That will be all.|Do you just need the one ticket, or will others be travelling with you?
No just the one. Thank you.|Your booking was successful, the total fee is 30.24 GBP payable at the station .
Reference number is : LV1BEG9R.
Thank you so much! That's all I need.|I am glad I was able to help. Have a wonderful trip.
I am looking for a restaurant in the centre of town in the moderate price range.|Where you interested in any particular type of cuisine? I have some restaurants like that including: Indian, Chinese, and Italian. Do you have a preference?
Do you have south indian food? That sounds really good.|There are no south indian food places, shall I run another search?
Can you try British food instead?|I found 4 restaurants that meet your criteria. I recommend either the oak bistro or cotto
Okay, can you book a reservation at the Oak Bistro please? I need it to be for 4 people on Thursday at 15:15.|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.Reference number is : LFQBM18L.
I also need a place to go in the centre.|We have many types of attractions in the center, including parks and churches. Do you have a preference?
Are there any boating attractions in the centre of town?|Scudamores punting co and the cambridge punter are both boat attractions in the centre of town. Do you have a preference?
Which ever one you recommend will work. I need the phone number, entrance fee and postcode please.|There is no entrance fee information listed for either attraction unfortunately. But overall I recommend the cambridge punter. Their postcode is cb41as and phone number is 07807718591.
Thank you. I have all I need. Goodnight.|Thank you for contacting us and have a nice day.
I'm looking for an expensive restaurant in the center of town.|Would you be interested in The Cambridge Chop House? It is a british cuisine restaurant located in the centre of town.
thank you, I hope its in the expensive price range. and if you could give me the phone number that would be great|Yes, it's expensive. Phone number is 01223359506.
I need to book a table for 1 person at 16:45 on friday.|That booking is unsuccessful. Does another time/day work?
Yes. How about 15:45 on Friday instead?|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Reference number is : 10P0LEVH.. Anything else today?
I'm also looking for a place to stay. Ideally a hotel with free wifi and parking that is also expensive.|If you're looking to stay in the town centre area, there is the gonville hotel. It has free parking and internet and is rated 3 stars. Would you like to book?
Great can you book it for one person, for 4 nights starting friday?|Your booking was successful starting Friday for four nights.  Your reference number is DRW9QM8S.  Can I help you with anything else?
I also need to book a taxi to commute between the two.  I'd like to arrive prior to the 15:45 time.|Your booking is complete, a grey bmw will be picking you up, the contact number is 07034136573. Can I assist you with anything further today?
No, thanks for your help.|You are welcome, goodbye!
I'm looking to visit the Lynne Strover Gallery.|Certainly, lynne strover gallery 23 high street, fen ditton, phone 01223295264 free to enter. Any other questions I can answer?
That sounds fantastic! Thank you!|Anything else I can look up for you?
Yes, what is the entrance fee and could you find me a restaurant in the moderate price range located in the centre town?|It is free to enter, and would you like to eat at The Oak Bistro located at 6 Lensfield Road?
Do they serve Christmas food?|No, I'm sorry, the serve British style cuisine. Are you still interested?
Not in British food.  Are there any that serve Italian food?|There is the pizza express and the pizza express Fed Ditton.  Would you like to book either one of these?
Could you just give me the number for pizza express.|The number is 01223324033, is there anything else I can do?
That is all. Thanks for your help.|Not a problem! I was glad to be of service. Thank you and have a great day!
I be traveling to Cambridge and can't wait to try the restaurants, but could you help me with a finding a hotel?|Would you prefer a guesthouse? The acorn guest house is in the north and moderately priced. 4 starts with free internet and parking
I would prefer a hotel type hotel, it just needs to be in the moderate price range and doesn't need to have free parking, but needs wifi|Sure! I found ashley hotel. It is located at 74 chesterton road. Would that work for you?
Yes, that sounds like a good place.  I appreciate the information.|You're welcome. Would you like a room, or perhaps I could help you with something else?
Yes, can you tell me the star rating of that hotel?|It has 2 stars.
Thanks, I also need a restaurant in the Centre that serves European food. It needs to be in the same price range as hotel.|How about the Galleria?
Sounds good. I would like to make a reservation for Friday at 17:15 for 4 people.|Okay I was able to make you a reservation and your reference number is DWMSURSO.
Could you also book me a taxi that arrives at the restaurant by the time of my reservation?|Where will you be departing from?
From the hotel.  I would like to get a contact number for the taxi also, just in case something changes.|I was able to book that taxi for you. Their contact number is 07236475648. That will be a yellow honda. Can I assist you with anything else today?
No that will be all thank you goodbye|Thank you for using our system today!
I need the address of an expensive restaurant in the east part of town.|Would you prefer British, Indian, or Chinese food, or a gastropub?
I don't have a preference.|The grafton hotel restaurant serves british food, is in the east part of town and is in the expensive price range.  Would you like their location?
Yes, please give me their address.|Their address is Grafton Hotel 619 Newmarket Road Fen Ditton
thank you, goodbye.|You're welcome. Goodbye!
Hello, I'm planning a trip to Cambridge and I'm looking for a place to dine. It should be moderately priced and located in the centre.|We have 21 restaurants to choose from. Is there a certain food type that interests you?
I don't really care what type of food it is. Any of them will do.|We have a wonderful Asian restaurant, called Yippee Noodle Bar, would you like to try there?
Sure, I'll try it. Can I get their phone number and post code?|Of course, their phone number is 01223518111 and the post code is cb11lh.  I can make a reservation for you if you'd like, or help with something else.
Great I also need a place to stay that is a guesthouse that includes free parking.|Excellent. Do you have an idea on the location?
Any location is fine, but I would prefer something that is in the expensive price range.|I'm sorry, but we don't have any expensive guesthouses. All the expensive properties are hotels.
Okay, I guess it'll save me some dough if I try for a place that's more moderately priced.|There are a total of 12 guesthouses  that are moderately priced in town. Are you sure there isn't a particular section you would like to stay in?
Any of them will do. Pick your favorite and let me know what area they're in, and their postcode and how many stars they have?|Acorn Guest House is located in the north at 154 Chesterton Road. It is moderately priced and has four stars. The post code is 	cb41da.
Thank you. That is all I need today.|Your very welcome! Enjoy your stay!
Will you help me find a portuguese restaurant in the east please?|I'm sorry, I couldn't find any Portuguese restaurants in the east. Shall we look in a different part of the city instead?
Are there any that are in the expensive price range?|I'm sorry. There are no expensive Portuguese restaurants in the city.  There is, however, a cheap Portuguese restaurant in the south and another in the centre.  Do either of those interest you?
How about a restaurant that serves British food then?|Graffiti is an expensive British restaurant on the west side. It's a fantastic place. Would you like to book a table there?
Yeah. That sounds good. Can you book it for 4 people at 19:30 on wednesday?|Booked! Your table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number: NMC7VCAK.
Great!  I am also looking for information about a train. Can you help me with that?|Yes I can what time will you be departing and from what location?
I would like to go from Cambridge to Ely on Thursday.|Ok, the first train leaves at 05:50 and every two hours after from there, the irde takes 17 minutes and the cost is 4.40 pounds.
That's all I need.|Would you like me to reserve your train tickets?
Yes please. I'll need a departure time, travel time, and price. Thank you.|The TR1923 departs form Cambridge at 09:50 and arrives in Ely at 10:07. The travel time is 17 minutes, and the cost is 4.40 pounds. How does that sound?
That sounds perfect, thank you.|Great! Can I assist you with anything else today?
No, that is all I need today, thank you.|Let me know if you need more help, bye.
Yes, I'm looking to stay at a guesthouse while I'm in town. I don't need internet access, so don't worry about that.|The alpha-milton guest house is in the north and moderately priced. Would you like to book a stay?
I need something cheaply priced.|We have 9 guesthouses that match your search. Would you like to narrow it down?
I don't care as long as it's a guesthouse located in the north for cheap.|May i suggest the Worth House? It is a cheap, 4 star hotel in northern Cambridge.
That's fine. Can I book it on monday for 4 nights for 7 people?|I'm sorry. It looks like the guesthouse can't be booked for your stay. There's a 0 star guesthouse also in the north. Would you like me to look there?
Can you try booking again for 3 nights instead of 4?|Your booking for 3 nights was a success! Your reference number is KLPEPNED. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Thank you. Are there any cheap restaurants near the hotel as well?|Just to clarify, are you looking for a cheap restaurant in the north area of town?
Yes. This restaurant should serve swiss food too.|I'm sorry, there are no Swiss restaurants in the north side of town. Is there a different food choice you would like to try?
I see. Hmm. What about Indian?|How about the Royal Spice, it's a cheap Indian place in the north part of town.
Thank you, please provide the address and the postcode.|No problem, address is Victoria Avenue Chesterton, postcode cb41eh.
Thank you.  I would also like to book a taxi to get from the guesthouse to the restaurant.  I would like to arrive by 17:30.|Ok, I've booked your taxi from Worth House to Royal Spice. You will arrive by 17:30. Anything else I can do for you?
Yes I would like a contact number and car type please for my booking.|Sure expect a grey Volkswagen to pick you up and the contact number is 07554509101. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
What is the maximum passenger accommodation of the Volkswagen?  There will be 7 of us going to dinner.|The model of the car was not given, so I am not sure, your best bet is to call the taxi company to make sure the vehicle can fit 7 passengers.
Sounds like a plan. Thank you for all of the help!|You are welcome! Enjoy your time here.
I want to find a cheap restaurant in the north part of town. What is the address and food?|da vinci pizzeria serves Italian food and is located at 20 Milton Road Chesterton or royal spice serves Indian food and is on Victoria Avenue Chesterton
Thank You|Thank you, goodbye
I'm looking for a hotel called a and b quest house.|A and B Guesthouse is a moderately-priced, 4-star guesthouse at 124 Tenison Road, on the east side of town. Would you like a room there?
I need a room for 1 person, for 5 nights, beginning on Saturday. I will also need the reference number.|Booking was successful. Your reference number is : OBK1YKXC.  Can I help you with anything else today?
I'm also looking for a place to eat.|There are lots of fine eateries in the city - what type of food are you interested in? And are you looking for a particular price range?
I'd like to try crossover food at a moderately priced restaurant.|I don't have anything meeting that criteria. Can I look for something else?
How about one that serves Indian food?|The curry prince is in the east part of town. Would you like me to book a table for you?
Yes, please book it at 14:00 on Saturday for 1.|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : H2DF3481. Will there be anything else today?
No. I don't need anything else. Thank you and bye.|You are welcome, enjoy the stay at Cambridge.
Need a train leaving monday to bishops stortford.|I can help with that. I have 10 different trains that can get you there. Did you have a time you need to leave or arrive by?
Yes, I'd like to arrive by 15:15. I'm leaving from Cambridge as well.|There is one leaves at 13:29, arriving at 14:07. Would you like a reservation on that?
Yes, I need the train ID, please.|The ID is TR4861. How many people would you like tickets for?
I only need one ticket, please.|The total will be 10.10 GBP which is payable at the station. Your reference number is 1EJQJWS2. Is there any other help you need?
Yes I am also looking for somewhere cheap to eat in the centre that serves italian food please.|There are three possibilities.  Pizza hut city centre, ask or zizzi cambridge.  Would one of those work?
Pizza Hut City Centre sounds fine.  Could you book a table for 7 people there for me?|Sure, what time are you looking for a reservation at?
It'll be for 10:45.|Ok great and what day would you like the booking to be made for?
The same day as the train which is Monday.|Yes I was able to book that for you and your reference number is YTANICP1.
Awesome! That will be it for tonight. Have a good day. Bye.|Glad to be of help. Good day to you too.
I'm on a tight budget so I need to find a cheap restaurant that serves chinese food|Sure, do you prefer the south part of town or do you want to stay in the centre?
It doesn't matter.|The Rice House is a great cheap Chinese restaurant located in the centre of town.  Would you like me to book you a table there?
Yes. Can you reserve one for 4 people at 16:45 on Sunday?|I'm sorry my reservation system is not working today. Here is their phone number and address. 01223367755 at 88 Mill Road City Centre. Postcode is cb12bd. Enjoy your meal!
Hi. Im looking for a train to ely that leaves after 14:30.|Okay, and where did you want to depart from?
I need it to depart from cambridge.|What day will you travel on?
I will leav on monday.|I have five trains that are available. Is there a specific time that you need to arrive at your destination by?
No, there is not a specific time.  How much will I be out of pocket for this adventure?|4.10 pounds. Do you need anything more?
Also looking for a restaurant by the name of Midsummer House. I need a reservation for 7 people at 10:15 on Monday.|Your booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Reference number is : CETUMJKM.  Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
That's it! Thank you for all your help!|May I help you find a hotel or attraction in town?
No thank you, that's all the information I need.|Thanks for using Cambridge TownInfo. Goodbye.
Hello, can you help me find a restaurant for my upcoming trip to Cambridge?|Absolutely! What type of food are you looking for?
I do not care. Just something in the south, moderate range in price.|There are two options that match what you're looking for.  Pizza Hut Cherry Hinton and Restaurant Alimentum, which is modern European cuisine.  Does either sound good?
i want to reserve a table at  Restaurant Alimentum|what day and how many people?
I would need it for 3 people for 17:30 on monday.|I have booked that for you and your reference number is 7HRLWXYB.  Is there anything else I can help with?
Thanks!  I need to travel to Kings Lynn from Cambridge for 3 people.  I need to travel Tuesday night, sometime after 20:00.  I need a reference number please.|I would suggest train TR8387 that leaves at 21:11 with arrival at 21:58.  Would you like me to book this one or do you need a different arrival time?
This is perfect. Please book for 3 people and give me the reference number.|Okay, I've booked 3 tickets for you on TR8387. It will cost 29.4 GBP. Your reference number is VF2TRXD0. Can I do anything else for you today?
No, that sounds about right. Thanks.|Enjoy your visit.
Can you tell me about the city centre north b and b hotel?|It's a guesthouse in the north. It's cheap, and has free wifi and parking. Would you like a room?
Yes please.  We will be arriving on Sunday for 3 nights.  There are 7 of us.|Oh great. your booking was successful and your reference number is EBL4A5DL.
I'm also looking for a cheap place to eat in the centre area, what do you recommend?|There are many is there a type of food you'd prefer?
I would prefer portuguese food please.|Nandos City Centre is located at 33-34 Saint Andrews Street. Would you like me to make reservations for you?
Yeah I want a table for 7 people on sunday at 18:00|I cannot book it for you. Would you like any more information?
Is the 17:00 time slot available for 7?|I can book it for you at 17:00 but I need to know what day, I can do Monday for you.
Is there another restaurant in that area with portuguese food?|Sorry for the confusion, I booked the restaurant for you and the reference number is 6UDMBSI2. Anything else today?
I need a taxi. I want to be taken from the hotel to nandos city centre, arriving by 17:00. Please give me the car and contact information|Your all set! A blue volkswagon will be picking you up the contact number is 07525527431, is there anything else I can assist you with today?
Thanks for all of your help you've been great!|You are welcome enjoy !
I'm looking for information on a hotel called the lensfield hotel.|The Lensfield Hotel is a 3 star hotel in the south area.  It offers internet and parking. Contact them at 01223355017. Thank you and have a great day!
Ummm...can you book that for me? Or do I have to call the hotel myself?|I can definitely do that for you - when would you like to arrive?
I need to stay for 5 nights. We'll be arriving on Monday.|how long is your stay? I am only showing the lensfield hotel, it has 3 stars and free internet and parking
Lensfield sounds perfect.  I will need 5 nights please.|And how many people will be staying?
3 for 5 nights starting wednesday, and I need the reference # then too please|your all set reference # is N970M2RY. Something else I can help you with?
I need a cab by 12:30 too the contact # and car type will be most helpful|Is it Monday then? I want to make sure this is correct. (roles are reversed)
Yes it is Monday, sorry for any confusion|anything else I can assist you with today?
still need a cab by my booked time, 12:30 please|I need to know where you are traveling to
the hotel to the restaurant please|I am sorry we didn't reserve a table for you at any restaurant,  would you like to do that now?
yes, expensive french food for 3 people at 12:30 on monday|Sure, just need one more piece of info to complete your taxi booking. Which restaurant will the taxi be taking you to?
I need to make a reservation! An expensive french restaurant 3 people on monday at 12:30, I should have just called myself|I reserved a table at cote for you, ref # is ZLK6W3CY.
The roles are reversed- I need a cab now|I STILL NEED THAT CAB!
Thank you that is all I need|Thank you and enjoy your stay !
I'm looking for an expensive restaurant in the centre please.|There are about 33 different restaurants to choose from. What type of food are you interested in trying?
I think Chinese sounds good, are there any of those in the centre?|Yes. I have four places that are Chinese food. Would you like to book one?
yes please, book a table for 8 people at 19:30 on thursday|I have booked the Ugly Duckling at 12 St. Johns Street City Centre. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Reference number is : BVC8A9MP.
I am also trying to find places to go for entertainment. Can you please help me?|Certainly. There are; Cherry Hinton Hall and Grounds, Funky Fun House, Nusha, Tenpin and Whale of a Time. Could I book any of those for you?
Could you give me the area, address, and entrance fee fo the Funky Fun House?|It is in the east area and the address is 8 mercers row, mercers row industrial estate. I don't know the entrance fee but their number is 01223304705. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I'm actually all set now, thanks so much! Take care now!|Okay, have a great time in Cambridge!
I want to take a train from Stevenage to Cambridge.|What day and time do you want to leave Stevenage?
I would like to leave on Monday and arrive in cambridge by 12:45.|I have 4 trains available.  What time would you like to leave?
Departure time isn't important as long as I can get there by 12:45.|For how many people?
I don't need to purchase tickets today, but can you tell me the train ID and the total travel time to get me there?|TR9062 will take 49 minutes, from 11:54 to 12:43. Do you need anything else?
What is the price of a ticket, please?|The price of TR9062 is 12.80 pounds.
Thanks. Now can you look up a welsh food restaurant that is expensive and in the centre?|I'm sorry I couldn't find any welsh restaurants matching that criteria . Would you like to try a different area or type of food?
Oh darn it! How about... maybe korean food? Still in the centre, and they need to be able to seat 7 people.|Yes there is one option here. It is little seoul. What day and time for your booking?
I Would like it on Monday at 18:15.|It isn't allowing me to book that for you. Is there anything else I can try for you?
Can you please try again?|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Your Reference number is : X54JY6CB.
Thanks, that's all I needed today!|You're welcome. Enjoy your visit.
I am looking for a train from Stevenage for a trip to Cambridge.|There are several trains to your specifications. What day and time would you like to leave?
I need to leave on Wednesday after 10:45|The earliest train that meets your needs is TR6473, leaving at 11:54 and arriving in cambridge at 12:43. Would you like to book passage on that train?
Yes I would. There are 3 of us traveling. Could we get a private area on the train?|Certainly, do you have a price range in mind?
For the train, no. And I made a mistake. I only need a booking for 1 person.|Not a problem at all. Booking for one person was successful, the total fee is 12.8 GBP payable at the station .
Reference number is : 8WYSLEG0. Anything else today?
I also need a place to dine. I'm looking for something cheap in the south.|I have found 2 options for you: The Lucky Star, which serves Chinese food, and Nandos, which serves Portuguese food. Shall I make a reservation for one of them?
Please book Nandos.|Sure. What say and time are you thinking? And for how many people?
Actually, I'll take care of the reservation. Can I just get the phone number and address for Nandos, please?|Yes, the phone number is 01223327908, and the address is Cambridge Leisure Park Clifton Way. Can I help with anything else?
No, that was all the information I needed. Thanks so much. Have a good day.|You too, goodbye.
I'm looking for a hotel in the south.|i have along list. can you specify the kind of food you want?
I am looking for a hotel with free wifi.  It should be in the cheap price range, like a guesthouse.|I recommend Rosa's bed and breakfast, it is in the south, offers internet and is inexpensive.  Would you like me to book it for you?
Yes please. I would like it for 8 people for 5 nights starting from Monday.|Booking was successful.
Reference number is : CYBPDKAZ.
Great! I am also looking for a Tuscan restaurant, are there any in the same price range as the bed and breakfast?|I am sorry I don't have any Tuscan restaurants in that price range. Can I try a different price range?
No Tuscan restaurants? I also like Italian food. Anything in the cheap price range?|I have options in the centre, north and west areas. Do you have preference on the area?
No, you can just choose the one you think is best. And then I'll want to book it for 8 people on monday at 18:00. Give me reference number please|Pizza Hut City servers Italian and is cheap. Its in the center of town. Its address is 12 Bridge Street City Centre. Can I help you with anything else?
Can I please have the reference number?|Your table is reserved under Ref#PHEI0U6B. Is there anything else I can do for you today?
No that will be all. Thank you.|You are welcome enjoy.
Hi, I want an expensive restaurant. East part of town please.|Royal Standard is a Gastropub in East. Is this OK?
is there any other expensive restaurant in east?|Yes there are four other options. What kind of food would you like?
It doesn't matter, just not Gastropub.|May I recommend the Grafton Hotel Restaurant, then?  They're very British, very expensive, and located in the east part of town.
That sounds like something I would enjoy. Could you give me the address and phone number?|Certainly. The Grafton Hotel restaurant is at 619 Newmarket Road Fen Ditton and the number there is 01223 241387. Can I be of further assistance?
Thank you, goodbye.|Have a nice day!  Goodbye.
Hi, I'm looking for a restaurant that serves expensive new zealand food and is in the center area.|Sorry, there are no restaurants like that in the centre. Would you like to change the type of food?
No I really wanted an expensive place in Centre that serves New Zealand cuisine.|There are none in the centre.  There is no New Zealand food at all.
How about Chinese food? Still expensive, still in the center.|Yes, I have four that I can recommend.  How about Ugly Duckling?
I would like a table for 2 at 13:45 Monday.|There are no openings at that time, is there another time you would like me to try?
Could you try one of those different places? I really need that day and time.|I am sorry to say that all 4 of the restaurants do not have openings at that time. Would you like to see other price ranges or areas?
How about on Wednesday, the same time for 2?|Success! You've got a table for 2 reserved on Wednesday at 13:45. Reference number I51P6C79. Can I help with anything else today?
I'm also needing a train that departs from Norwich and goes to Cambridge.|Sure, when would you like to travel?
I need the train to arrive by 10:45 and should be on the same day as the restaurant booking.|The TR1180 will have you in Cambridge about 10:35.
Thank you so much! Goodbye.|Enjoy your stay in cambridge and have a great day.
I'm looking for a moderately priced polish food restaurant.|I'm sorry, but there aren't any moderately priced Polish restaurants. Should I check other price ranges or a different type of food?
yes,  can you please check for a turkish restaurant?|There are two results. Anatolia restaurant and Efes restaurant both server Turkish food in the moderate price range. Is there anything else I can help you with?
May I have the address for Anatolia?|Yes, the address for Anatolia is 30 Bridge Street City Centre.
Thank You|Thank you.
I'm looking for someplace to get British cuisine in the center of town.|Great, I have five options for you in the moderate to expensive range.
Oh, I really need something cheap.|I do not have anything in that price range for British. Another criteria perhaps?
Could you try an Italian place please?|I have 3 in that price range and area. May I recommend zizzi cambridge?
Yes, that would be great! Could you please book a table for 5 people at 16:45 on saturday?|Your table is reserved and your reference number is MGCSVPOM. Can I help you with anything else?
Thank you. I also need a train from stansted airport to Cambridge that will arrive by 11:30.|There are six, which day would you like to travel?
Saturday. I would like to arrive by 11:30.|I have one leaving at 10:24 and arriving at 10:52. The rate is 8.08 pounds each. Would like me to make reservations for 6?
Yes please make a reservation for 5 people and give the phone number|I booked 5 tickets. There is no phone number, but the reference number is RGMOSM2H.
That is all I need, thank you for your help.|Happy to help. Have a great day.
I am looking for a train that will take me to Cambridge from Birmingham New Street.|there are so many. what time do you want to leave?
I need to leave after 17:00 on Thursday.|TR1765 leaves at 17:01. Would you like for me to book it?
Yes can you please and send me a reference number.|Sure, how many seats do you need?
I need seats for five people.|Yes yur booking is successful and your reference number is RI4VVZYC.
Thanks, I also need a place to dine that is moderately priced.|There are 31 moderately priced restaurants in town. Do you have a preferred location?
I would prefer it in the centre area.|Do you have a preference in food type?
Yes modern european food.|We have two choices, de luca cucina abd bar and roverside brasserie, any preferences?
No preference. Just book a table for 5 on Thursday at 20:15|I will go ahead and book that now.
Thanks! I need the reference number please.|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.Reference number is : 6KNJSQXY.
Perfect, that's all I need today. Have a great day.|Thank you for using our services. Have we met all of your needs today?
Have a nice day.|Enjoy your dinner.
I am looking for a cheap restaurant in the centre of town.|There are several options available in the town centre. Is there a particular cuisine that you would prefer? Asian, chinese, indian, italian, mediterranean, modern european, portuguese, or spanish?
I want a restaurant that serves molecular gastronomy food.|Unfortunately, I don't happen to have a listing that matches your request. Would you like me to try a different price range or cuisine style?
Are there any Chinese restaurants?|Yes, there are 3 Chinese restaurants that are in the cheap price range. I would recommend the Golden House. Would you like for me to book you a table?
Yes, please book it for around 20:00 for 3 people|What day would you like to book?
Actually, scratch that, I don't want to book the restaurant.  Could you give me the phone number for the Golden House?|Their phone number is 01842753771. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Can you give me the address and postcode as well?|The Golden House is located at 12 Lensfield Road City Centre. Their postcode is cb21eg. Can I help you with anything else?
No, that's it.  Thanks a bunch.|You're welcome. Enjoy your meal!
I am looking for a train departing from Leicester and going to Cambridge on Saturday.|There are many trains available for you. Do you have a departure or arrival time in mind? The trip will take 105 minutes.
The train should depart from leicester and should leave on saturday.
The train should go to cambridge and should arrive by 10:15|Okay, the TR2969 leaves at 08:09 and arrives at 09:54. Would you like me to book tickets?
Yes, please for four people.  May I also get the reference number?|Okay, your booking was successful! Your reference number is 5FHHNO0K. The total fee is 120.06 and you can pay that at the station.
I am also in the market for a new restaurant. Is there something in the centre of town?|There are 69 restaurants in the centre. Can I narrow it down by price for you?
I'm independently wealthy and price doesn't matter, I am interested more in eritrean food, do you have any with that?|I'm sorry, there aren't any available. Would you like to try something else?
How about a place that serves British food?|There will serves nice British food. Its taste is good
Could you book it for me, for Saturday?|I'm sorry, but there are no restaurants serving British food in the centre of town.
Can you recommend an eritean or british restaurant in the centre area?|I recommend the oak bistro. It is a british restaurant in the centre.
That sounds like it will do. Can you reserve a table for the same group of people at 15:15 on the same day, please?|The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Reference number is : QSNSUAGG. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Just double checking. The restaurant reservation is for Saturday at 15:15, correct?|That is correct for 4 people at the oak bistro.
Yes please if it's available.|The booking was successful.  The table well be held for 15 minutes.  Your reference number is QSNSUAGG.  Can I help with anything else today?
I think that is all I need for today. Thank you for all your help!|I'm glad we could help! Please contact us anytime. Good bye.
I am looking for details on the yu garden restaurant.|Sure, it is an expensive Chinese restaurant.  What would you like to know?
adress and phone number please and thank you|The address is 529 Newmarket Road Fen Ditton. The phone number is 0122324882.
Thank you. I am also looking for a train to Cambridge form Stansted Airport.|Okay what day and time would you like to travel?
on wednesday leaving after 11:30|I have train TR6386 that will leave at 12:24 and arrive in Cambridge at 12:52. Would that work for you?
Yes it will what is the price?|It is 10.10 pounds
Great that is all I need for now thank you.|welcome. have we done all you wanted us to?
Yes, thanks for all your help today.|Your welcome. Hope your have a great trip.
Thanks. I appreciate your help. Goodbye.|Is there anything else I can assist with regarding your travels? Perhaps a hotel stay?
I am looking for a fun attraction to go to in the north. Do you have any recommendations?|I have 4 attractions located in the north. 2 are swimming pools. There is also a boating attraction and a park. Which would you prefer?
I want the boating one.  What is the entrance fee for that?|The entrance fee for that is unknown according to our system. Is there anything else I can help you with?
maybe if you can get me the address. i also  want a restaurant in the same place which serves indian food.|The address is Cambridge passenger cruisers, jubilee house. Postcode cb43ax.  There are two indian restaurants in the North, one is moderately priced the other is cheap.
Can I reserve a table for two at the moderately priced Indian restaurant?|What day and time would you like those reservations?
I need them for 2 people at 12:45 on Thursday.|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.Reference number is : MDKCBM4S.
Thanks for the reservation. I also need a taxi from the  passenger cruisers to arrive at the Indian restaurant by the booked 12:45 time, please.|Okay. I have booked a taxi to pick you up at Riverboat Georgina and take you to The Nirala by 12:45. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
It would be nice if you would tell me the car type and it's contact number.|Of course, sorry about that oversight. The car is a red Volvo, and their contact number is 07988242006. Is there anything else you need help with?
That's alright. Thanks so much. I've got nothing more today. Bye!|I'm glad I could help.
I want an expensive restaurant located in the centre.|i have booked you the indian serving restaurant called the golden curry
sorry but i wanted the americas food.|I'm sorry, I don't have any restaurants serving american food in the centre. Would you like to try another type?
Hmmm, okay, I'm craving Thai food so find me a restaurant that serves that|I have one listing for bangkok city does that sound good to you?
Yes, please. Make me a reservation for 4 people at 13:30 on thursday, please.|Booking is set, the reference number is P05U7TA8. Any further questions?
I need places to go in the same area.|What ype of attraction are you looking for?
I don't have a preference. Do you have any suggestions of stuff near the restaurant?|How about the All Saint's Church? Admission is free.
Thank you so much, I need a taxi from the church to the restaurant, I want to get there by the booked time.|I booked your taxi. Be on the look out for a blue Lexus. The reference number is 07817263576. How else may I assist you?
No thank you that will be all|Glad to have been of help. Thank you for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Enjoy the rest of your day!
I am looking for a danish restaurant|There are no danish restaurants listed.  May I direct you toward another restaurant?
How about north american food?|There is one listing for North American food, Gourmet Burger Kitchen in Centre part of town.
What is their phone number and postcode?|Postcode: C.B 2, 1 A.B, phone number is 01223 312598
Is there anything else?|That is the only restaurant serving North American food.
could you give me the phone number and postcode ?|the phone number is 01223 312598 and postcode is C.B 2, 1 A.B
thank you good bye .|thank you for using our service, good bye.
I am looking for a restaurant in the expensive price range that serves thai food.|There is sala thong	and bangkok city.
Can I book a table for 6 people at 15:45 on Tuesday?|There are no reservations at that time. Would you like to try another time slot or another restaurant?
Let's try the other restaurant.|I'm sorry neither restaurant has an available table would you like to try another day or time?
Can you try another restaurant?|I was able to book you a table at Sala Thong on Tuesday at 15:45 for 6 people. Your reference number is EPNSY28V. Anything else I can help with?
I would like to go to a park in the centre of town.  What would you recommend?|Okay, we have the cambridge university botanic gardens in the centre of town.  Will that work for you?
Yes, that will work great. Can I get their postcode please?|Sure, they're in postcode cb21jf. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
I also need a taxi to go from Sala Thong to the Gardens.|What time do you want the Taxi to meet you?
I want to make sure I can get from the park to the restaurant in time.|Okay i have you booked for a yellow volvo. The contact number is 07033533386 .
Thank you! That will be all.|Have a great day!
Can you help me find a place to eat in the expensive price range in the south part of town?|What about the cambridge chop house. The address is: 1 Kings Parade. You you like me to book a table?
Yes!  Can you book for 2 people at 14:15 on this Sunday?|I was able to book your party of 2 into The Chop House on Sunday at 14:15 Reference: MUWLBLLW.  May I assist with more today?
Great that will be all we need.|Are you sure there is nothing more I can help with today?
Actually yes I will be needing somewhere to stay too please. A 3 star hotel in the same area and price range as my restaurant.|I have one matching result. It is the lensfield hotel. Do you want to reserve a room?
Yes please, two people for two nights on sunday.|Ok, I've booked the Lensfield Hotel for you for 2 people and 2 nights starting Sunday
Do you have a reference number?|Reference number is : E9BM21NJ. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
This time that is everything, thank you for your help.|You are welcome enjoy.
I am looking for a place to dine in the east part of Cambridge that serves indian food.|I've found four in that area. Curry prince and Rajmahal are moderately priced. Pipasha restaurant and Sitar Tandoori are more expensive. Do any of these sound good to you?
Curry Prince sounds good. Thank you.|Would you like to make a reservation at Curry Prince? If so, for how many and when?
I need a reservation for 7 people on Sunday at 11:30 please and can you give me the reference number?|Great your reference number is 63U62R15
Thanks! I also need a train departing from leicester and arriving by 8:45.|I can help you with that, what day would you like to travel?
I am leaving on Sunday and I want to arrive in cambridge by 8:45.|I have a train that leaves at 06:09 and arrives at 07:54.  Would you like me make a reservation?
Yes, and give me the train id, please.|The train ID is TR0466, how many tickets do you need?
I just need one ticket, please.|Your booking was successful, the total fee is 30.24 GBP payable at the station . Your Reference number is : PFLVZ20N. Is there anything else I can help with?
I am all set. Thanks!|I need to report a crime.
You should go to the local police department?|The police department is 01223358966
Thank you for the information|Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No that will be all. Thanks for your help!|If that is all you need assistance with I thank you for using our service. Have a great day!
Thank you for your help.|Thank you, enjoy.
I'm looking for a hotel in the east, and I'd like free wifi please.|I've found Express by Holiday Inn Cambridge. 15-17 norman way, coldhams business park
Does that hotel include free parking and have 2 stars?|Yes it does. Would you like me to book it?
No, thank you, that's all I need.|Thank you for contacting Cambridge TownInfo centre.  Have a nice trip!  Goodbye!
Actually, I also need a moderate priced restaurant in the same area.|I can find a few that meet that criteria, would you like Indian, or Italian food?
Well, everyone said it s my choice, so I think I would like Italian.|Okay the pizza hut fen ditton fits that criteria. It is located in Cambridge Retail Park.
Could you provide me with the address, phone number and postcode?|Sure.  The address is Cambridge Retail Park Newmarket Road Fen Ditto, the postcode is cb58wr, and the phone number is 01223323737.
OK, thank you, that is everything that I need.|you are welcome. its our pleasure to serve you.
Is there a restaurant on the North side of town?|There are several restaurants in the north part of town.  Do you have a preference of price range or type of food?
I don't care.|City Stop Restaurant is an expensive restaurant on the North side of town.
I would like a restaurant serving swedish food in the north part of town.|I'm sorry but there are no Swedish serving restaurants in that area. Would you like to expand your search?
How about indian food?|The Royal Spice restaurant has a cheap price range.
What is the address, phone number, and price range?|it's address is Victoria Avenue Chesterton, and phone number is 01733 553355.
Thank you goodbye.|Good bye.
I am looking for a restaurant serving persian food.|Do you have a specific area in mind?
it doesn't matter .|No restaurants serving persian food have been found.
can i have an european restaurant instead ?|cambridge lodge restaurant is in the west part of town and it is serving european food. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I need the address and phone number.|The address of Cambridge Lodge Restaurant is Cambridge Lodge Hotel 139 Huntingdon Road City Centre and the phone number is 01223 355166. May I help you with anything else?
No, that does it.  Thank you and goodbye!|Thank you for using our system. Good bye
I'm looking for a restaurant in the south that is cheap.|There are two cheap places in the south. The Lucky Star serves Chinese food, and Nandos serves Portuguese food. Which do you prefer?
Either will work. I would like to book a table for 2 people at 13:25 on Monday.|I have booked a table for two at The Lucky Star on Monday at 13:15. Your reference number is X2YXZ9P. Anything else?
Thanks.  Could you also find a museum to go to in town?|Byard Art is close and is free. It is at 14 Kings Parade.
am looking for places to go in town. The attraction should be in the type of museum.|Byard Art is near where you will be eating. The entrance fee is free.
Great. Can you tell me the postcode for Byard Art?|Sure!  There is no entrance fee to byard art.  Is there anything else I can help you with today?
i'll need a taxi|I can help you with that. I'll need to know your departure site and destination. You can also tell me the departure time and arrival time.
I'd like to get the postcode for the museum first, please.  I'll need the taxi to get from the museum to Lucky Star in time for my booking.|Which museum will you be attending?
You are the one that suggested Byard art. Remember?|sorry about that. Booking completed!
Booked car type	:	blue lexus
Contact number	:	07150432273 anything else?
That's all I need, thanks so much for all of your help! Have a great day!|Yes I will book it for you and get a reference number ?
Yes, I'm looking for a restaurant that serves American food and is in the center of town.|The Gourmet Burger Kitchen is located on Regent Street in City Centre.
That sounds good.  Can you provide me with their contact info?|Their phone number is 01223312598. Do you need more information?
What is the price range?|It is expensive, but very good.
I also need a hotel called lovell Lodege|I will book it for you,is there anything else I can do for you ?
I'd like to find out if there are any 4-star rated guesthouses in Cambridge|There are quite a few.  What area do you prefer?
I'm open to any area as long as there is free wifi.|Then I recommend the a and b guest house. Would you like me to book you a room?
Does that also have free parking available?|No, it doesn't. Should I recommend you a place with free parking instead?
no but i am looking for a particular restaurant. Its name is called bangkok city|Bangkok City is an expensive thai restaurant in the centre of town. They are located at 24 Green Street City Centre. Their postcode is cb23jx. Would you like a reservation?
All I needed today was the address, thank you.|thank you for inquiring with us.
I need to get out of the city on Friday, can you find me a train?|There are many options available to you on Friday.  Where would you be leaving from?
I would like to depart from cambridge.|Would train TR5767 work? It leavees at 05:00.
No, we are going to norwich and need to leave after 14:15.|TR2420 leaves at 15:00. Would you like me to book it for you?
Yes, please. I need 1 ticket.|I have made that reservation for you on train TR2420 and your reference number is 2A3LMYL1.
I also need to find a restaurant in the west with a moderate price range.|I have three options with a moderate price range in the west.  Would you prefer British, Indian, or Italian?
Do you have any options in the west with Greek food?|I'm sorry, we don't have any Greek restaurants anywhere in town. Is there anything else that would work?
how about one that serves british food?|Saint Johns Chop House serves British food and is located in the west. Would you like me to make a reservation?
Yes, please make a reservation for 6 people at 10:00.|What day will you be dining there?
I will be dining there on Friday.|I have you booked on Friday at 10:00. The reference number is 5ALATF6D. Is there anything else I can help you with?
That is all I will need, thank you. Bye.|Thank you for contacting Cambridge TownInfo Centre.  I hope you enjoy your train ride and dinner.
I'm looking for a 4 star place to stay that has free wifi.|Great, I have several options for you. Is there a particular area you'd like be?
I need the place to be in the east part of town.|Allenbell is in the east with a 4 star rating. It has free internet and parking. Would you like to reserve a room?
please and I need postcode and confirm number|Postal code is cb13js, before I book, how many people and nights and starting which day?
I would like it for 3 people 2 nights starting sunday please.|Reference number is : U1WO8E7E. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I also need to book an expensive Chinese restaurant.|We have 9 restaurants that meet your criteria. Did you have a particular area of town in mind?
Same area as the hotel. I need a reservation for 3 at 17:30 on Sunday and please provide the reference number.|Yu garden is a good choice. I've booked a table for 3 at 17:30 on sunday. Reference number is FT3SRQ1R. Reservations are held for 15 minutes. Need anything else today?
No, that's all I need, thanks!|Bye now, then. Have a nice day.
Hello I am looking for a good, cheap, Spanish restaurant.Is there any that you can recommend?|La raza is a cheap restaurant that serves spanish food.  Would you like their phone number?
Is that located in the centre?|It is indeed in the city centre. Would you like me to make reservations for you?
Yes. Friday. 2 people. 17:30.|I have made your reservation at La Raza for 17:30 on Friday. Your table will be held for 15 minutes. Your reference number is OS5VNH62. Do you need anything else?
Ok, I also need a taxi to arrive at the restaurant by 17:30.|No problem. Where are you departing from?
I will be departing from the restaurant.|alright, then what is your destination please
I guess I need to book the hotel first.  Is there a guesthouse in the same area as La Raza?|There are two guesthouses in the centre. I recommend el shaddai
Do they have internet and what is the phone number?|The Alexander Bed and Breakfast has internet and the phone number is 01223525725.
Does the Alexander Bed and Breakfast also have free parking?|Yes they have free parking and wifi.
Please go ahead and book the Alexander Bed and Breakfast for me.|I will book but I need to know how many people and for what day?
for 2 on friday|Your booking was successful! Your reference number is OSNXB1IR. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
What car will be picking me up?|A grey honda is booked. You can call 07936397340 to reach them.
Thanks for all the bookings. I'm ready for my visit now. Take care. Goodbye.|Thank you for contacting us. Have a great trip. Goodbye.
Are their any architecture in the centre of cambridge?|Yes! There are 4 churches as well as old schools. Would you be interested in one of those?
Certainly, pick out a good option. I will need the entrance fee please.|I would like to suggest all saints church. The entrance fee is free.
Excellent, could I also get its postcode and phone number?|The phone number for All Saints Church is 01223452587 and it's postcode is cb58bs.  Can I help you with anything else today?
Could you give a recommendation on a place to eat in the centre that is in a moderate price range?|The Copper Kettle is an excellent choice for British cuisine. Alternatively, there is also an asian oriental restaurant. Do either of those sound suitable?
I'll go with The Copper Kettle. Can you give me the phone number?|The Copper Kettle's phone number is 01223365068 and the address is 4 Kings Parade City Centre, postcode cb21sj. Would you like me to book a table for you there?
No, thanks. I will book later on. I think that was all I needed. Thanks. Goodbye.|You're welcome. Have a great time!
I am looking for a restaurant. The restaurant should be in the centre and should serve persian food|I am sorry. There are no person food eateries in the centre. Would you like to find a different type of food?
Yes, I am looking for a moderate price range.|I'm sorry, we have no persian restaurants in the centre.
What about modern european foods?|Riverside brasserie looks good. Would you like a reservation?
Yes, I want a reservation for 8 people at 16:00 on Sunday.|Sorry, the restaurant doesn't have any openings for that date and time.
ok. ill check latter|Alright. Have a good day.
I want to find a cheap restaurant in the south part of town.|The Lucky Star is an inexpensive chinese restaurant in the south part of town.
Are there any other places?|Nandos is a cheap Portuguese restaurant in the south. Would you like their information?
sorry what is the food type of that restaurant ?|They serve Portuguese food.
what is the price range ?|They are in the cheap price range.
That sounds yummy. What is their address and phone number?|Nandos's address is Cambridge Leisure Park Clifton Way and the phone number is 01223 327908.  Is there anything else I can help you with?
No thank you.  Bye bye!|You're welcome. Goodbye.
Is it possible to get any Greek food in the centre part of town?|Sorry, I'm showing no results for Greek restaurants. Any other foods you'd like to have?
What about Chinese food?|Charlie Chan has some great reviews.
book a table for 8 people at 19:00 on wednesday.|Your booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : 1J6Y65LW.
Thanks, that's all. Good bye.|Thank you for using our services.
I am looking for a cheap restaurant with Chinese food.|There are several cheap Chinese restaurants.  Would you prefer any certain area of town?
South part of town.|The Lucky Star is the only cheap Chinese restaurant in the south part of town. Would you like any contact information?
Yes, what is their phone number and address?|The Lucky Star restaurant is on Cambridge Leisure Park Clifton Way Cherry Hinton and can be reached by phone at 01223 244277.
Excellent. Thanks a lot. I think that's everything I need.|Thank you for choosing our system. Good bye
Hi, I am looking forward to trying some of your local restaurants. Can you help me find a place to stay while I am there?|Do you have a price range preference?
I don't really mind about price, but I would like a 4 star guesthouse with wifi located on the east side.|Okay, I recommend Autumn House. Would you like me to make a reservation?
Yes I would. I need it for 3 nights & 3 people starting on Monday.|Booking was successful. Reference number is : DKE7156L. Is there anything else I can help with?
Could you tell me about the restaurants neat the hotel?|Sure I have Chinese, Indian, Gastropub and British food to name a few. Some expensive. Some moderate.
I am looking for Indian food.|Do you have a price range?
no price range but I would need the postcode and phone number|The Curry Prince would be a good choice. The postcode is cb58jj. The phone number is 01223566388. Do you need a reservation?
No thanks, just gethering info for the real boos, my wife.  I have no further questions.|Ok great. Have a wonderful day!
Need a restaurant called the golden curry|They are a wonderful indian restaurant in the centre of town. They are rather expensive. They are located on Mill Road City Centre. Can I help you reserve a table?
Yes please.  There will 8 of us at 15:15 on Monday.|Booking was successful.The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Reference number is : 7X63LJXX. Anything else?
I'm looking for a train as well to Cambridge that will arrive by 12:15, is there anything available?|Where will you be traveling from?
I would like to leave from Birmingham New Street.|On what day are you looking to travel?
Same day as my Golden Curry reservation, please.|The TR9942 will get you there at 11:23. Would that work for you?
Yes that is all I need, thank you.|Is there anything else i can you with such as booking reservations for entertainment ventures afterwards.
I am looking for a restaurant in the south part of town that serves Jamaican food.|I'm sorry but i cannot find any Jamaican restaurant located in the south .
Are there ant Jamaican restaurants in any part of town?|Unfortunately there are not. Would you be interested in a different cuisine?
How about Portuguese food instead?|Nandos is located on the south side at Cambridge Leisure Park Clifton Way and the phone number is 01223 327908.
Awesome, thank you!|Thank you, goodbye.
Hello, I would like information on the Sesame Restaurant and Bar.|Sesame Restaurant and bar number 01223358899 and it's address is 17 Hills Road City Centre.
I would like to make an appointment for 7 people at 6PM on Monday.|I have booked your request for 7 people at the Sesame Restaurant and Bar, located at 17 Hills Road City Centre for 6PM on Monday.
Can I have the reference number please?|Yes certainly. However, there seems to be an error. I was unable to book that time. Is there another time I could book for you?
Is 5PM available instead?|Yes it is. I have booked a table for you at 17:00 on Monday for 7 people. The reference number is CZ3JGGJP.
Great. I'm also looking for a place to stay. I need a hotel that includes free Wi-Fi and free parking|i have found 29 hotels that meet your criteria, what price range are you looking for?
Do you have an expensive guesthouse?|Unfortunately there are no guesthouses that are in the expensive price range.
How about a cheap one?|I have found 9 guesthouses that meet that requirement. Is there a certain area you would prefer to stay in?
Is there one close to the area I booked the restaurant reservation?|Yes I have the Alexander Bed and Breakfast in the city center. Would you like me to book it for you?
No, I would just like the star rating, postcode, and phone number of the establishment.|The Alexander Bed and Breakfast is a 4 star guesthouse. The postcode is cb12de and the phone number is 01223525725. Is there anything else I can help you with?
That takes care of everything. Thank you for the help.|Alright, have a nice day!
Is there a cheap swedish restaurant in town?|There are no restaurants matching those preferences.  Would you like a different restaurant?
How about one serving mediterranean food?|There is a cheap Mediterranean restaurant in the centre area of town. It is called The Gardenia.
That sounds good. What is their phone number and postcode?|The Gardenia is in the postcode C.B 2, 3 L.L. Their phone number is 01223 356354.
Thank you!|Your welcome, is there anything I could help you with?
Thank you goodbye.|Goodbye.
I'm looking for a moderately priced resturant in the centre of town.|I found 21 restaurants available, do you have a type of food you would prefer?
I would like lebanese food.|How does Ali Baba? I recommend it. Would you like for me to book a table?
Yes, I want to book a table for 3 people at 20:00 on thursday.|Great, I have booked your table for ali baba thursday at 20:00 for 3. Your reference number is 5LY9WSF1. May I help with anything else?
No, I think that's all I need. Thank you!|Thank you for using the Cambridge TownInfo service, and have a wonderful day!
I need to find a cheap place to eat.|I can find that for you.  What cuisine are you interested in?
We would prefer vietnamese please. In the west area?|There is a restaurant called Thanh Binh.  Would you like me to book a table?
Yes i would like a table for 7 people on monday at 13:15|Booking was unsuccessful do you have any other preference?
Can you try 12:15 on Monday?|Your reservation has been set for Monday at 12:15 for 7 people.  The reference number is 3MTLQCBA. Can I do anything else for you?
Thank you I also need a train on tuesday leaving after 17:30|I would be happy to help with that. Can you tell me the departure city and where you are going?
I am leaving from Cambridge and headed to Stevenage. I would like to leave after 17:30 please.|Alright, TR6692 looks like your best bet. Would you like me to book you passage?
Yes. Please book that for me. Thanks so much!|How many tickets would you like me to book?
Just one ticket, please.|I've booked that ticket for you.  The reference number is FTLHURXQ, and the total fee is 12.8 GBP.
Thank you, what is the arrival time?|The travel time is 49 minutes. Would you like to know any more info?
Can you tell me when that train will be arriving in stevenage?|Certainly. The train will arrive at 20:10. Can I help you with anything else?
I think that about does it.  Thanks for the help today.|It was my pleasure to assist you. Thanks for using our service. Have a wonderful day. Goodbye.
I need to know more about the Alexander bed and breakfast.|Alexander B and B is one of our higher rated guesthouses in the centre of town.  It is 4 stars, but is surprisingly cheap.  Can I get you any specific information?
I would like to make a booking for book it for 5 people and 3 nights starting from wednesday.|Yes, I can book it now.
Is there a reference number associated with the booking?|Hi, I'm the supervisor, I have taken over for the rep, my apologies, you booking is set, the reference number is VY2TZJWT.  Can  I help with anything else?
I need information on India House, a restaurant.  I need to book for 5 people at 16:45 for Wednesday, please.|It's an expensive Indian restaurant in the west part of town at 31 Newnham Road Newnham. Their phone number is 01223461661. Your reference number is 1ETONEKW.
Great.  Thanks for all your help!|Yeah, anytime let us know if you need anything else.
Thank you that is all I need today.|Happy to be of service. Enjoy your meal and your time in Cambridge!
I am looking for a restaurant in the centre that serves modern European food.|There are 4 matching restaurants. What price range would you like?
I would like one in the expensive price range please.|Darry's Cookhouse and wine shop would suit your interests. It's at 40270 King Street
Do they have booking available for 7 people at 16:30 on tuesday?|There does not appear to be availability at that time.  Would you like me to try another restaurant?
Is there another restaurant in the area in that price range that is available at that time?|OK, I got you a table at the Bedouin. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Your reference number is: Q7R6ZVRE. Can I help you with anything else?
No thanks. Thank you and goodbye.|Okay you're welcome. Thank you for calling.
I am looking for a Chinese place in the centre.|I have 10 restaurants matching your request. Did you have a price range you would like?
No, it doesn't matter.|Would you like for it to have a certain number of stars?
No just book at a chinese place in the centre. I need a table for 4 at 15:00 on wednesday please.|I have you at Jinling Noodle bar then, reference is OCNH3CJJ. Anything else you need?
No that is it. Thank you.|Have a great day!
Hello, I am looking for an expensive restaurant that serves cantonese food.|Sorry, there are no expensive restaurants serving cantonese food. Would you like to look for something else?
Yes.  An expensive thai restaurant would be good.|Bangkok city serves Thai food and is in the expensive price range.
Great, can you please give me its address and  phone number?|Bangkok City is at 24 Green street city and phone number is 01223 354382.
What is the postcode?|The postcode is C.B. 1 7 D.Y
Thank you good bye.|Thank you, have a great day and enjoy your food.
I am looking for tourist attractions.|There are many things to do, to help narrow down the results what part of town are you looking to tour in? Any particular activity you'd like to do?
Are there any colleges on the west side?  If so can you tell me the address and entrance fee?|There are five colleges on the west side. Magdalene college is nice. It's address is Magdalene Street and entrance is free.
Thank you. I'm also looking for an Indian restaurant in the expensive price range. Is there anything like that around?|Oh yes I have many. Any preference for area?
I would like to be close to Magdalene college. That same area would be perfect.|There are 5 Indian restaurants located on the west side near Magdalene college that are expensive. I would recommend Tandoori Palace.
That sounds fantastic. Could I have the postcode, phone number, and address, please?|Their postcode is cb43le, phone number is 01223506055, and address is 68 Histon Road Chesterton
That's everything I need. Thank you for your help.|Alright, awesome! Have a fantastic day!
I want to find a place to eat Chinese in the cheap price range.|I have 3 chinese restaurants located in city centre that meet your price range request.  Can I book one for you?
Not today, can you recommend one of them to me?|i recomend golden house. it is in the centre in 12 lensfield road city centre. can i give you the address
I would like to book a table there.|For what time?
book a table for 6 people at 17:00 on saturday and give me reference number|The reference number for you reservation is BCYNHP5W.
Thanks! I'm also looking to stay at a hotel called Lovell Lodge, can you help me with that?|The Lovell Lodge is a moderately priced 2 star hotel in the north part of town.  Would you like me to book it for you?
Yes for 6 people, 3 nights on Saturday.|I am very sorry, the system for booking hotel rooms seems to be down.  Can I do anything else for you today?
That is all I need today. Just the room booked.|Booking was successful.
Reference number is : WWYPAB14. Is there anything else I can assist with?
No that was all I needed thank you so much.|Thanks you and goodbye.
Can you find me a restaurant in the centre with moderate prices?|Yes there are 21 different places that match your description.
Surprise me.|How about cotto? It's a moderately priced british restaurant.
Yes please book a table for 7 people at 15:45 on monday|OK, you have a table for 7 at Cotto on Monday at 15:45. Your reference number is BNH1DKPW. Can I help with anything else today?
I am looking for a train to pick me up at Birmingham New Street and arrive in Cambridge before 12:00 on the day of my reservation.|I can book train TR6309 for you, leaving 8:40 and arriving at 11:23 in Cambridge. How many tickets do you need?
I will need 7 tickets. And can you please provide me with the reference number please?|i have booked you 7 tickets and the reference number is CGILQN2G. is there anything i can help you with?
Thank you. That is all for now.|Thank you for using our service. Have a wonderful day!
I'd like to find a good restaurant in the center.|We have many options available in Centre. Is there a specific price range or cuisine type you are interested in?
I'm looking for something in the moderate price range.  I think asian oriental sounds good.|The Yippee Noodle Bar matches your request perfectly. They are located at 40428 King Street City Centre. Would you like to make a booking?
I'm not sure right now. May I please have the postcode?|The postcode is cb11lh.
Thank you! I am also looking for a guesthouse in the same area as the restaurant. Can you help with that too?|Yes I have two guesthouses located in the city center in the cheap price range. do you have a preference?
I need it to have free parking and internet.|The Alexander Bed and Breakfast and The El Shaddai both offer internet and parking. Would you like to make a reservation with either guesthouse?
Yes, either one is fine.|How many days and for how many people?
I'm sorry, no booking please, just need their postcode and phone number.|Sure! Alexander Bed and Breakfast's number is 01223525725 and the postcode is CB12DE.
Also, what is the price range of the hotel?|The alexander bed and breakfast is in the cheap price range.
OK, I also want to book a taxi between the hotel and restaurant.|Of course, at what time would you like to arrive by?
I want to leave the hotel by 5:15|Ok, a yellow audi is booked.
Thank you.  Would you also give me the contact number for the taxi?|Contact number for the taxi is 07491658422. Will there be anything else?
Thank you. That is all I need.|Have a nice day.
I'm looking for an expensive restaurant that serves italian food.|There are 5 expensive restaurants that serves italian, which area are you looking for ?
I don't care|Caffe Uno is located in the city centre.
May I have the address and phone number please?|Caffe Uno's telephone number is 01223 448620 and the address is 32 Bridge Street City Centre.
Thank you, goodbye|Have a good evening.
I'm looking for a thai restaurant on the west side.|Sala thong is a thai restaurant on the west side that is expensive. Do you want me to book it for you?
Yes, please. Could you book it for 5 people on sunday?|Yes of course. What time would you like me to make your reservation?
I would like a table for 13:00.|I was unable to book that, would you like me to try a different time or different restaurant?
Yes, please find me another restaurant in the same price range on the west side.|How about Cocum? It's an expensive Indian restaurant on the west side.
Ok, that would be fine. Can you please send me the reference number?|Okay. I was able to book your table. Your reference number is WS8R5J04. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No that is all, thank you , cheers.|Thank you, let us know if you need any thing else. Bye.
I need a place to eat that serves sea food.|I have only one option that is in the expensive price range and in the center of town. It is called Loch Fyne. Would that interest you?
That works. Then I'd to book for seven people  at 11:00 on friday|Sounds Great! I will contact them about booking a reservation for seven people at 11:00 on Friday
Ok, could I get the reference number for that reservation please?|I'm very sorry there seems to be an error in our system.  There are no results for a seafood restaurant. Is there another type of cuisine you'd like?
Could you try the same requirement for Wednesday?|I was able to book you for a table for 7 on Wednesday at 11:00. The reference number is XBG9YHTB.  Is there anything else that I can help you with?
I also need a train to London Kings Cross, on Thursday.|The TR8272 to London Kings Cross on Thursday leaves at 05:00 and arrives and 05:51.  The price is 23.60 pounds.  Is that a good train for you?
As long as it is departing from Cambridge and arriving before 14:00, I am good with that train.  I am needing to book for 7 people please.|I have you booked for 7 on TR8272. Your total fee is 165.2, payable at the station and your reference number is TMUT96XE. Can I further assist you?
no that's all thanks!|You're very welcome! Have a great day!
I am looking for a restaurant that serves Japanese food. I don't care about the price range.|There is not a restaurant serving Japanese food. Would you like a different type food?
Is there anything in the area for chinese food?|there is charlie chan in city centre
What is the address and phone number of Charlie Chan?|The address is Regent Street City Centre, postcode C.B 2, 1 D.B, and the phone number is 01223 361763
Thank you.  That is all the info that I needed.  Good bye.|Thank you.
I am going to visit and was told about the a and b guest house. Could you help me with that?|Of course! It's a moderate guesthouse in the east with four stars and free wifi. It's located at 124 tenison road cb12dp. May I help with anything else?
What's the phone number and how many stars is it?|4 stars, moderate priced. Their phone is 01223315702. Free internet and located in the east.
Great! I'm also looking for a place to eat in the centre of town and I need it to be expensive.|There are 33 restaurants to choice from that are expensive. What type of cuisine would you like?
I'd love to try some European food.|Okay, we can make are reservation for you at Eraina.  What time?
Yes, I need a table for 7 please at 18:00.|Can I also get the information on what day you would like to go?
This is for Thursday. Make sure to give a reference number, I need this dinner to go smoothly.|Reference number is 1JM8JOYF. Your table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
I'm looking for a Belgian food restaurant in the centre. Can you help me?|There are no Belgian places in Centre at this time. Would you like to try a different cuisine or area?
Yes. Please try European food in the Centre.|we dont have a place that matches those qualities. can you try something else?
What restaurants are located in the centre?|There are many can I get a price range you are looking for?
I am not concerned with price.|Can I interest you in a moderately priced restaurant called Yippee Noodle Bar, an Asian Oriental restaurant in the city centre?
Yes that would be fine. Please make reservations for 8 people at 11:15 on wednesday.|I have booked you for 8 people at 11:15 on Wednesday at Yippee Noodle Bar. Your reference number is: TCLMEX5I
I'm also wanting to stay at the Alpha-Milton Guest House.  Can you help with that?|Sure thing would you like a reservation?
Yes. Three nights, from Wednesday. 8 people.|Good news, the booking of the hotel was successful, and the Reference number is : V3PB9S6V.
Thank you. I also need a taxi two commute between the hotel and restaurant.|Ok great and what time do you prefer?
I need to arrive at the restaurant in time for our reservation. Wouldn't want to miss my booked time.|Okay, was there a specific time you were looking for?
Our reservations are for 11:15.|I have booked you a taxi. The contact number is 07375849542 and it will be a grey Volvo. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No thanks. That does it. Have a good night. Bye.|Enjoy your visit! Let us know if we can be of any further assistance.
I would like a moderately priced restaurant in the north part of town|Golden Wok is located in the north part of town and is the moderate price range.   Their address is 191 Histon Road Chesterton.
Is there anything else in the moderate price range on the north part of town?|yes, the nirala is indian restaurant in the moderate price range and in the north. It is located at 7 milton road chesterton and its phone number is 01223 360966. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, thank you. That's all I need.|Have a good day!
I am looking for an expensive place to dine that serves catalan food.|I do not show any matches for your request, maybe change the type of food?
Are you sure?  I really need an expensive restaurant that serves catalan food in the centre of the city.  Can you check again please?|I am sure, would you like me to check for another option?
Could you recommend a restaurant that serves indian food is expensive, and in the centre?|I am sorry there are not Indian restaurants. Can I check for a Chinese restaurant?
There are no restaurants that serve indian food?|I am afraid there is none.
What type of restaurants are located in the city centre?|I'm so sorry, I was mistaken, there are several expensive Indian restaurants in the centre of town.  May I recommend Curry Queen, at 106 Mill Road?
Sounds great! Can you set up a reservation?|Sure.  What time would you like the reservation for?
I need a table for 2 people on Monday at 14:30.|I'm sorry, a table isn't available.  Perhaps a different day or time slot would work for you?
Can you try 13:30 instead?  Thanks.|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Reference number is : Z0V0H1YR.
Thanks, I'm also looking for a place to go in the same area.|Sure thing, you have any particular attraction in mind?
Something in the centre of town. Do you have any suggestions for a museum maybe?|I'd suggest broughton house gallery on 98 king street, cb11ln. Anything else?
Yes, could you please give me their phone number?|Their phone number is 01223314960. Anything else?
No that is all. Thank you for your help. Goodbye.|You are very welcome. Thank you for choosing Cambridge TownInfo centre today!
I'd like to find a restaurant that serves Korean food.|there is only one korean restaurant in town called little seoul.
What is the address , phone number, and postcode?|Little Seoul's address 108 Regent Street City Centre, phone number 01223 308681, and postcode C.B 2, 1 D.P. Can I help you with anything else?
Thank you, this is great.|Thank you, goodbye.
I would like a moderately priced restaurant in the south part of town|I have two restaurants. They are Pizza Hut Cherry Hinton and Restaurant Alimentum.
What type of food do each of them serve?|Pizza Hut Cherry Hinton is Italian, and Restaurant Alimentum is Modern European. Would you like information on either of them?
Yes, what is the address and phone number for Pizza Hut Cherry Hinton?|The address for pizza hut cherry hinton is G4 Cambridge Leisure Park Clifton Way Cherry Hinton and the phone number is 01223 323737
What type of food do they serve?|They serve italian food.  Can I help you with anything else?
Thank you goodbye.|Goodbye
Goodbye again.|Goodbye.
I need a cheap restaurant that serves creative food.|We don't have any of those, sad to say. Want to broaden the search?
How about any restaurants that serves creative food.|I'm sorry, I'm not finding any creative restaurants. Would you like to try a different cuisine?
Ok, well what do we have in the north area?|There are several good options for dining in the north area. Do you have a preference for price range?
How about a cheap Indian restaurant?|There is one cheap Indian restaurant in the north, Royal Spice. Would you like to make a reservation?
No, I can do that.  Could you give me the phone number?  Also, the address with postcode?|Sure.  The number there is 01733553355.
What about the postcode and the address?|They are located at Victoria Avenue Chesterton. Postcode is cb41eh. Anything else you need?
No, that's all. Thank you!|You're welcome. Enjoy your day.
I am looking for a restaurant in the north part of town that serves brazilian food.|There are no mathcing records found for that request
How about Spanish or Portuguese food?|There are no matching records found for that request.
I would like to try indian food in the north part of town.|Royal Spice is an Indian restaurant in the north of town, and is in the cheap price range.
I would like their phone number and address, please.|Their phone number is 01733 553355 and their address is Victoria Avenue Chesterton C.B 4, 1 E.H
Thank you goodbye|Thank you for using the Cambridge Restaurant Phone System. Enjoy your meal!
I am searching for a restaurant serving vietnamese food in the centre of town.|There is one Vietnamese restaurant, but it's in the West end of town. Would that work for you?
I prefer to stay in the centre of town. Is there a turkish restaurant?|Yes there are three restaurants serving Turkish food in the center of town in the moderate and expensive price range. Which price range would you prefer?
I don't care about the price range.|Anatolia serves Turkish food in the centre of town. Would you like their phone number?
Can you give me the address?|the anatolia is located at 30 Bridge Street City Centre.  Is there any other information you need?
What price range is Anatolia?|Anatolia is in the moderate price range
Thank you goodbye.|Thank you and have a great day!
Find me a modern european restaurant in the south.|I found Restaurant alimentum that fits your needs. Would you like me to book that for you?
Is it in the moderate price range?|Yes it is. Would you like me to book it for you?
Yes, book for 7 people at 15:30 on friday please.|I'm sorry, that isn't available for that time slot.  Can you change it perhaps?
Well how about 14:30 then?|Yes, I was able to book your party at 14:30.  Your reference number is 7H21OO6L.  Please note the table will be held for 15 minutes. You need anything else?
do you know where castle galleries is|Yes, the address is unit su43, grande arcade, saint andrews street.
What is the post code, area of town, and type of attraction?|The post code is cb23bj, it is in the centre of town, and it is a museum.
I also need a taxi, to go between the two places.|Sure! When would you like to leave and arrive by?
I would like to arrive at the restaurant in time for my booking.|I have booked a grey Volvo for you. The contact number is 07114144706. Is there anything else I can do for you?
No thanks. I think that was all. Have a good day. Bye.|Glad to have been of help.  Take care.
Howdy! I'm looking for a cheap place to eat in the city centre.|How about The River Bar Steakhouse and Grill that serves Modern European?
Sounds good. May I have their telephone number please?|Certainly, that number is 01223307030. Will you need a reservation this evening?
Not at the moment. Can you also look up the attractions near the restaurant as well?|All Saints Church is in the area on Jesus Lane. Would you like me to go ahead and book a reservation for you at this time?
Not at this time, but can I get their address and entrance fee?|They have free entrance and their address is jesus lane
Thank you, that is all I need for now.|Thank you. If you should need further assistance in the future, please contact us.
I need a train on Thursday going to Cambridge.|Sure, where will you be leaving from?
Departing from london liverpool street going to cambridge arriving by 13:45 on thursday please.|The TR8805 arrives by 1:07.  How many tickets would you like?
Just one, please|You're booked for this train and the fee is 16.60 GBP payable at the station. Your reference number is KE8GRDRB. Can I help you with anything else?
Thanks.  I also need to find a place to dine.  I'm looking for something moderate in price and in the west.|I have british, indian, or italian, what are you in the mood for?
Let's try italian food.|Okay, I've got the Prezzo in the West area. How does that sound?
That sounds perfect. Can I get the postcode for it please?|Sure thing, their zip code is cb30ad.
What's the address and phone number for that too?|They are located at 21-24 Northampton Road.  The phone number is 01799521260.
Thanks so much! That's all I need. Goodbye!|Have a nice day as well. Goodbye.
Hi, I'm planning a trip to Cambridge and would like a few ideas on places to go for fun.|There are lots of local attractions, are you interested in architecture?
Yes sure as long as the attraction is in the city center. Could you also provide me with the phone number and postcode of the attraction?|Of course. How about Saint Catharine's College, in postcode cb21rl? Phone is 01223338300.
Sure. I also need somewhere to eat. I'm thinking something on the expensive side and close to the college.|Alright, there are 33 different restaurants around the college that are expensive. Is there a type of food you are looking for?
Can I get one in the centre of town and looking for gastropub food.|Backstreet Bistro is an expensive restaurant in the centre of town that serves gastropub food. Would you like more information or to make a reservation?
Information, please! I'm not looking to make a booking at the moment.|Backstreet bistro is located in town centre. The address is 2 Sturton Street City Centre, phone 01223306306.  Do you need any further assistance?
Yes, can you book a taxi between the two?  I would like to leave the restaurant by 24:45.|I have confirmed a taxi picking you up at backstreet bistro at 24:45. The contact number is 07972785913. A blue volkswagen will pick you up. Can I help with anything else?
No thank you. That will be everything I need today. You have a nice day.|You're welcome! Have a nice day. Goodbye.
I'm trying to find a train that departs from London Kings Cross on Thursday. Can you help me book a ticket?|Sure, are you coming to Cambridge? What time would you like to depart?
Any time that lets me arrive by 08:45.|The TR4016 from london kings cross to	cambridge, traveling on thursday, leaves at 07:17 and arrives at 8:08. Should I book it for you?
Yes can you please book that for 8 people and give me the reference number?|great, I was able to get your tickets. Reference number is FCRRA5HL and the tickets, 188.8 GBP are payable at the station, anything else?
Yes, have you heard of a restaurant called Curry King?|Yes, Curry King is an Indian restaurant in the centre. What more information would you like?
Can you book be there for 8 people at 18:30 on thursday?|I have your table reserved. The reference number is ZTVSJGBZ.
Thank you for reserving that for me. That's all I need today.|You're very welcome. Have a lovely day.
I want to find a restaurant that serves european food and I don't care about the price range.|There are five venues serving European food. What price range do you want?
Moderate price range please. Can i also have the address and phone number of the venue ?|galleria is an european restaurant in the moderate price range and the centre part of town, the address is 33 bridge street and the phone number is 01223 356666
thank you good bye|You're welcome.  Have a good evening.
I would like more information on a hotel called cityroomz for my trip to Cambridge.|Cityroomz is a moderate priced accommodation, located in the city centre, on Station Road. May I assist with a booking?
No, I just need to know if they have free internet.|Yes, Cityroomz does have free wifi. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I also would like information on a place to eat in the centre of town.|I can definitely help you with that.  Was there a specific type of cuisine you were interested in?
Yes I was interested in European food in expensive price range|Eraina is a great european restaurant in the centre of town. It's located at Free School Lane City Centre. Would you like their phone number?
Yes please, I would like their phone number.|Their phone number is 01223368786. Is their anything else I may assist you with?
That's all I needed today, thank you.|Happy to be of service, and thanks for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre!
I need to find a place to eat in Centre please.|There are several to chose from what price range are you looking for?
I need one that serves modern european food.|There are four modern European restaurants in the centre. Two are moderately priced, one is cheap and one is expensive. Do you have a preference?
Please try to book a table for 3 people at your favorite one.|What day do you want me to book it for?
On Sunday at 14:45 please.|How about the riverside brasserie? It is moderate priced.
Sure, that sounds great. Can you get that table for 3 for 14:45 on Sunday?|Yes, you're booked with reference number LP74URJE. May I help with anything else?
I'd also like to see a college, any would do. And could you give me the address and entrance fee as well, please.|The churchill college is at storey's way and is free, did you need anything else?
That sounds great. Yes, actually, I'd like to book a taxi to go from the college to the restaurant please, so we can arrive in time for our reservation.|Okay, I have booked a taxi for you. It will be a red Skoda. The contact number is 07626173176.
.
Thank you for your help!|Can I help you with anything else?
No thanks. That will be all for today. Thanks. Goodbye.|Fantastic - have a great time on your visit! Thanks for choosing Cambridge TownInfo centre.
I'd like to find an expensive restaurant in the north part of town.|There are many restaurants in the North that match your description, what type of cuisine are you interested in?
The restaurant should serve asian oriental food.|I have one restaurant called saigon city on 169 high street chesterton chesterton. Would you like me to book for you?
Yes, I would like to be booked for a table for 8 on 19:45 on a Saturday, and could I also get the reference number?|Your reservation has been made and the reference number is 3P2ALRY0.
Thank you for your help.|You are welcome.
Hello, I'm interested in booking a restaurant in cambridge!|What type of food do you want to eat?
I was hoping to eat Indian food that is moderately priced.|Do you have an area of town you prefer?
Yes the north please.|We have The Nirala restaurant which serves Indian food and is located in the north.  Would you like me to make a reservation for you?
Yes, please. We'd like a table for 3 at 15:30 on Tuesday.|Sure. Your reference number is 536SV8LH. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Thank you for the restaurant booking. Can you look for a guesthouse for me? I don't need free parking by the way.|What price range guesthouse would you like?
Moderate price range please.|Everyone loves the a and b guest house. Shall i book it for you ?
Sure, please book it for 3 people. We'll arrive tuesday and stay for 2 nights.|Reference number is : VQWNBZS2. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
That's all for now. Thank you|Thank you for using our services.
Are there are jamaican restaurants in the centre part of town?|Regretfully, no. Is there another cuisine you would enjoy?
Oh no.  I had my heart set on Jamaican.  Can you please verify?  I'll have to think a minute on another cuisine.|I am unable to find any Jamacian restaurants in town.
Well bummer. How about a restaurant that serves Indian food instead?|There are plenty of those to choose from. Do you have a price range?
i need expensive, please.|There are 6 expensive Indian restaurants in the city. May I recommend Curry King?
Which ever you think is the best, please give me the address.|I would suggest curry king.
Thanks, what is their address?|their address is 5 Jordans Yard Bridge Street City Centre.
Great! I am also looking for a train going to Broxbourne on Thursday.|Okay! From Cambridge?
Yes, I am departing from Cambridge. Thanks!|There are several trains available. Do you have a preference on departure or arrival times?
Yes, I need to make sure I leave by 17:00.|I recommend TR2125 that leaves at 09:01 and arrives at 10:01
Great, it leaves after 8:15, the time I should have told you in the first place.  What is the travel time on TR2125 please?|The travel time is 60 minutes. Would you like me to book a ticket?
No that is all i need, thank you|Is there anything else I can do for you today?
No thanks.  You've been very helpful.  Goodbye.|Thank you for calling.  It was nice speaking with you!  Have a nice day!
Does Cambridge have any expensive Austalasian restaurants?|Unfortunately there are no restaurants fitting your request. Do you want me to look for a different food type for you?
I like British also.  Are there any British restaurants that are expensive?|There are 6 British restaurants that are expensive. What part of town would you prefer?
That doesn't matter. Which of the restaurants have an opening for a table for 1 person at 13:30 on wednesday?|I was able to book you for 1 at Fitzbillies restaurant. Your reference number is LLT7M4SU.  Can I help you with anything else?
I also need an expensive place to stay.|There are 5 options. They are all hotels with parking and internet included. Do you have a preference for area or star rating?
Can you please check the South area first?|There is one expensive hotel in the south. It is the lensfield hotel. Do you need a booking?
Yes, I want to stay there for 2 nights starting wednesday. It'll be just 1 person again. Please provide a reference number.|Reference number is : 1DN9IQ4D. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Yes, I need a taxi to take me from the hotel you just booked to Fitzbillies restaurant, arriving by 13:30. Please give me a car type and contact info|I have that taxi booked. It is a blue tesla and the contact number is 07422952995.
I appreciate all of your help.  I'm done for now.|You are welcome enjoy
I need some information on a train going to cambridge.|What day would you like to depart? And where will you be heading?
I want to leave on Friday and go Cambridge.|Which station will you be leaving from?
I'll be leaving from Stevenage on Friday after 15:15.  How much will that cost?|There are 5 different trains for that day/time, but they are all 12.80 pounds. Would you like to book a ticket?
No, that's fine, thank you. I'm also looking for a restaurant called the Curry Garden.|I found it would you like a reservation?
No thank you. I am also looking for a restaurant called curry garden.|Curry Garden is an expensive Indian restaurant in the center of town, located at 106 Regent Street City Centre, cb21dp.
Thanks so much.  You have been very helpful.  That is all I'll be needing for today.   Bye.|Okay enjoy your dining and your visit in Cambridge.
I want to find an expensive Indian restaurant.|There are 14 Indian restaurants in the expensive price range. What part of town would you like?
I'd like the restaurant to be in the centre.|Curry Garden meets your criteria. The address is 106 Regent Street City Centre. Would you like to make a reservation?
What is the postal code for the Curry Garden?|The postcode for Curry Garden is cb21dp.
Ok, great thanks. Can you also help me find a train going to stevenage?|There are 70 trains to Cambridge. What day will you be travelling?
Sorry, I'm looking for a train TO stevenage arriving by 14:00 on Friday.|I have four trains from Cambridge to Stevenage on Friday. They arrive at 06:10, 08:10, 10:10, and 12:10. Would you like to book one of these?
No booking necessary, but could you tell me the travel time?|The travel time between cambridge and stevenage is 49 minutes.
Sounds good thank you.|You're welcome. Thank you for calling and do please call us again in the future. Have a great day.
I'm looking for a 4-star place to stay, it doesn't need to include internet.|Sure, do you have any other preferences I can add to my search?
Yes expensive price range and free parking|May I suggest University Arms Hotel? It has free parking and internet. Would you like a reservation?
Great. That will work.|Ok, the university arms hotel is on regent street. Do you want me to place a booking for you?
no. get me the address, area and post code.|Sorry about that, the University Arms Hotel is in the centre area and is located on Regent Street, CB21AD.
Thanks.  I am also looking for a place to eat in that same area, same price range as well.|My favorite expensive place in the center is The Cambridge Chop House. They serve British food, and it's fantastic.
I was thinking about thai food|The only Thai restaurant available is Bangkok City. Would you like to book a table?
yes for 7 at 17:45 wednesday and the ref # too please|Okay. I have booked you there and your reference number is ELTJLSVR.
Thank you. That is all I need.|You're very welcome.  Have a great day!
Hi can you help me find a cheap restaurant in the centre of town?|I certainly can. We have 15 inexpensive restaurants in the center of town. Was there a particular type of cuisine you wanted?
My boyfriend really likes scottish food. Would you have anything that offers that?|I do not have any Scottish places fitting that criteria, may I try another food?
Oh wow. That's too bad. How about a good italian place?|The zizzi cambridge is a cheap Italian restaurant in the centre area. Would you like me to make a reservation for you?
Yes please. Can you also give me the address, phone number, and postcode?|Sure thing! The address is 47-53 Regent Street, the phone number is 01223365599, and the postcode is cb21ab. Is there anything else I can do for you?
I'd like a reservation at 6:30 for a party of 2.|I'll be happy to do that for you. What day would you like the table for?
Actually, I've changed my mind. I'm going to wait on that reservation, thanks.|Okay. Is there anything else you need?
That'll be all! Thank you!|Thank you goodbye!
I'm looking for a museum in east area.|There are four museums. Three are free and one is 5 pounds.
Can you give me the address and phone number of the free museum?|Cambridge Artworks is free. The address is 5 greens road and the phone is 01223902168. Will that do?
That will do thank you. I also need a restaurant in the moderate price range.|There are two Indian and one Italian restaurant in that area. Did you have a preference?
In the same area as Cambridge Artworks.|Curry Prince seems to fit your needs, it is at 451 Newmarket Road Fen Ditton. Would you like to book a table?
Yes. I need to book it for Saturday at 17:30. Just for me.|Booking was successful and the reference number is : D3MPEQ3M.
thanks. thats it for today. thanks again. goodbye.|welcome and have a great day
I'm looking for a restaurant in the centre of Cambridge which is pretty cheap in terms of prices.|We have many places that meet that criteria, is there a type of food you would like to eat?
cheap food is preferred, but i'm not picky.|There are 15 places to choose from, what kind of food are you looking for in particular?
I don't really care which type of food. You can just pick one and book for 5 people at 12:30 on thursday.|I have booked a table for Dojo Noodle Bar for 5 people, reference number 14M7PHJH. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes starting at 12:30.
I am also looking for the Cambridge Belfry.|The Cambridge Belfry is a hotel in the west. It is relatively cheap, has 4-stars and offers free internet and parking. Would you like to book a room there?
Yes.  For the same group of people for 3 nights starting on the same day|I have successfully booked a room for you at the Cambridge Belfry for 3 nights starting from Thursday for 3 people. Your reference number is MGOPZNPJ..Would that be all for you?
Yes that's all.  Thank you very much.|You are very welcome.  Thank you for for calling the Cambridge Towninfo Centre.  Have a great day.
I'm looking for a sporting attraction in the city centre.|I don't have any sporting events in the centre. May I try a different area?
Maybe we could try swimming instead?|Yes, the Parkside Pools is available with that criteria. The phone number for it is 01223446100. Do you require any other information about it?
please find me the address.|It is located at Gonville Place, postcode cb11ly.
I am also looking to eat out. Expensive Welsh food.|I have nothing that match your search. Do you have another preference ?
Are there any expensive restaurants in the centre?|May I recommend Bedouin? It's an expensive african restaurant in the centre of town.
How about an expensive restaurant in the centre that serves Indian?|There are 5 restaurants that fit that criteria, Would you like me to make a recommendation?
Yes please, I would like a quiet place as much as  possible.|The Golden Curry should meet your needs.  What day and time would you like to book the table and for how many people?
I would like it for just me because I don't have friends, for 11:45 on Tuesday.|I've made those reservations and the reference number is  B1J73EIY.
Can you also arrange a taxi for me? I need to go from Parkside Pools to Golden Curry and arrive there by 11:45.|Your taxi has been booked. It will be a yellow Honda and their contact number is 07951132532.
Thank you very much for all your help today. That is all I need for now.|Thank you for contacting us and have a nice day.
I am looking for something entertaining in town later and I've got some things in mind.|What are your ideas? what area of town and what type of attraction?
I'm looking for a theatre in the centre.|There are four theatres in Centre: ADC Theatre, Cambridge Arts Theatre, Mumford Theatre and The Cambridge Corn Exchange. Would you be interested in any of these?
Cambridge Arts sounds good, can I get the phone number? Is there any entrance fee? And then a nice expensive dinner in the same area please.|Cambridge arts theatre phone is 0122350333, no entrance fee information is available.  There are 33 restaurants in your price range, do you have a food type preference?
Yes, I like there to be Cuban food.|I am sorry but there are no Cuban restaurants available.  Would like another type of food?
Hmm, I'll try Japanese instead.|we have wagamama located in 36 Saint Andrews Street. can i book for you?
No thank you I just need the postcode.|The post code is cb23ar. Is there anything else I can help with?
Can you book me a taxi that will pick me up  from Cambridge Arts Theatre at 07:15 and take me to Wagamama?|Booking completed!
Booked car type	:	grey volkswagen
Contact number	:	07275251696
Can I help with anything else today?
That will be all today. Thank you.|Thank you for using our system today!
CAn you help me plan a trip to see a particular attraction?|Do you know the name of the attraction, or what type of attraction it is?
Yes, I am interested in the Scott Polar Museum.|Would you like to book tickets?
No, I'd like their phone number if you have it available, please.|Sure, the phone number is 01223336540. Can I help you with anything else today?
I also need a restaurant in the cheap price range please.|Is there a certain kind of food you would like?
I love Italian|ask is a nice place and serves Itailian food,o you want the adress ?
Is that in the north?|Ask is in the centre
Is there any restaurants located in the north side of town?|There is one. It is da vinci pizzeria. Shall I book it?
Yes, please book it for 13:30 on Saturday for 8 people.|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Reference number is : 1OM7H5U4. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
That is all, thank you for your help.|You're welcome and enjoy your stay.
I'm looking for an expensive Sri Lankan restaurant.|There are no Sri Lankan restaurants available. Would you like to try searching for a different type of cuisine?
How about british food instead?|Which side of town would you prefer?
The side of town isn't important to me, as long as it is on the pricey side.|The Oak Bistro is a nice place would you like to try that one ?
I'm traveling to cambridge and I need a train that leaves on friday.|Where will you be coming from, and what time would you like to depart from there?
I'd like to get on the train at London Kings Cross and arrive in Cambridge by 15:15.|TR4748 leaves Kings Cross at 13:17 and arrives at 14:08.  Will that work?
That sounds perfect!  Can I purchase 3 tickets on that train, please?|Ok, 3 tickets are booked! Your reference number is BDJACGOT. Can I help you with anything else?
Yes, I would also like a place to eat near the centre area.  Can you assist me with that?|of course! i have many options for you in that area.
What I'd really like is Spanish food. What are my choices?|There are two different place: La Tasca and La Raza.  La Tasca is moderately price and La Raza is cheap.
La Raza sounds great.  Can I book a table for 3 on Friday at 19:15?|It is booked! Your reference number is: KDXKRQCD. Can I help with anything else?
No that's it! Thank you for your help!|Glad to have been of assistance. Thank you for using our service, have a great day!
I want to find a restaurant in the west that serves light bites. Do you have any suggestions?|No, I'm sorry. The search didn't pull up any matches.
What are some expensive restaurants?|There are a few choices in the expensive pricerange on the west side. What type of food would you prefer other than light bites?
I'd like Indian food, please.|Tandoori palace looks like a good fit for you. Could you like me to make a reservation?
Not just yet but please get me their post code, phone number and address|They are located at 68 Histon Road Chesterton. Their phone number is 01223506055 and their postcode is cb43le. Anything else I can help you with?
Yes, can you tell me if there are any concerthalls in the west?|I'm sorry, there are no concert halls located in the west, shall I check another area?
What about a college?|Okay, how about Churchill College? It's free to get in.
Thank you! Just give me the postcode and I should be good to go.|Okay the postcode is cb30ds.
Awesome. Can I get a taxi from the College by 12:15?|I'd love to help! Where are you going?
I'm headed to Tandoori Palace from the College.|I have made that taxi reservation. Look for a yello skoda and the contact number is 07041247281.
Thank you for booking that taxi and giving the contact number and car type.|You're welcome. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No thank you! That will be all!|It was a pleasure helping you today. Good-bye.
Please recommend me a cheap restaurant in the north .|Da Vinci pizzeria is in the north part of town and in the cheap price range.  Would you like their location?
Yes.|they are located at 20 Milton Road Chesterton
What is their postcode?|the postcode is CB41JY is there anything else I can help you with?
no, thank you good bye|Thank you.
I am planning a trip in Cambridge.|Okay, how can I help you?
im looking for an expensive restaurant that serves italian food|We have several great options, most of which are in the center of town. My favorite is Caffe Uno.
Sounds great.  I need a reservation for 1 on Wednesday at 15:30|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Reference number is : AYQO5ZTE. Can I help you with anything else?
I will also need a train|what area please and how many tickets
wednesday and I want to get there by 08:00 leaving broxbourne, how much is that?|The trip will cost 17.90 pounds.
Yes I need it to go to cambridge, is that possible?|We have 2 trains that match your criteria - the TR0788 that leaves at 05:32 and the TR0605 that leaves at 06:32. Which one should I book for you?
No, I don't need it booked. What's the price for the TR0788?|The price is 17.90 pounds.  Can I help you with anything else today?
No that is it, thank you!|Do you need a taxi?
Have a great day. Good bye.|Yes, I am happy I could assist.
Hi, I'm looking for good Chinese food on the west side.|sorry, there is no chinese restaurant in the west side. do you want another type of food or different part of town?
Thank you goodbye|you are welcome good bye
Hi! I've heard of a great hotel called Hobsons House and I'd like to stay there. Can you help me locate it?|Yes, it is a 3 star guesthouse in the west. Address is 96 barton road. Would you like me get a reservation for you?
Yes, I would like to make a reservation for this Saturday.|I would be happy to help you. Can you please provide the number of people to reserve for as well as the number of days you will be staying.
In a moment. I also need to find a restaurant in the expensive price range.|There are a lot of expensive restaurants in the area what type of food are you looking for?
Can you suggest one in the north? And please give me the address for it.|There is saigon city,they serve asian oriental and the address is 169 High Street Chesterton Chesterton.
that sounds nice|Would you like me to book that?
No thanks, have a good day bye.|You too, thanks for calling.  Bye
Hi! I'd like to find a seafood restaurant in the centre of town, please.|Excellent. The loch fyne is just your thing.
Is it an expensive restaurant? I'm really looking to break the bank here.|Yes, it is expensive. Do you need help with booking?
Perfect, yes please book a table for 3 people at 17:15 on Monday. Can I also have a reference number?|Wonderful I was able to get you in a Monday and your reservation number is  E10Z97F4. Will that be all?
No thank you, that is all I needed.|Great.  Enjoy your stay.
Can you find a restaurant in the centre that serves chinese food?|Charlie Chan is a great cheap restaurant. Would you like me to book now?
Yes, please. For a party of 3 at 13:45 on Wednesday.|I apologize. The booking was unsuccessful. Would you like for me to find you another restaurant?
Are there any different restaurants in the same area and price range?|How about Rice House? That's a Chinese restaurant in the city centre with cheap prices.
Sounds good. Book it please and I'll need the reference number.|Of course! You're booked with reference number CSL3V245. May I help with anything else?
No, thank you very much for your help.|It was my pleasure. Let me know if I can ever help you with anything else.
Hi, I am traveling to Cambridge and am so excited to try some of your local restaurants.  Can you help me choose one?|Sure can, what type of food would you like?
I would love to find a good british place in the centre of town.|There are 11 British Resturants in centre. What price point would you like?
I'd like one in the moderate price range, please.|Excellent. I have 5 options for you. Restaurant One Seven is a moderately priced British restaurant on Regent Street. Would you like the phone number?
Please make a booking for 7 people at 18:15 on Tuesday.|Reservation is booked your Reference number is : GGJCV0HF. May i help you with anything else?
I am also looking for some places to go around the restaurant. Any recommendations?|There are many attractions in the centre, do you have a preference about which kind you would like to visit?
What do you have near the restaurant?|you would love all saints church
Alright, please tell me the phone number and address there, as well as the entrance fee|You can reach them by phone at 01223452587. Entrance is free. The address is jesus lane.
Great, that's very helpful. Thank you.|Is there anything else I can do?
That is everything that I need.|Have a good time, good bye.
Could you help me with planning my trip? I need a train for Wednesday.|I can definitely help you with that. Which station will you be leaving from and arriving?
I am leaving from Cambridge and going to the Stansted Airport.|What time would you like to arrive or leave by?
I need to arrive by 18:45.|How about train TR1610? it arrives by 06:08
Great, thanks. I'm also looking for a restaurant. Can you help me with that?|Would you like to eat in Cambridge or by the airport?
An expensive restaurant that serves awesome australian food. If not I guess indian will do.|There are Australian restaurants in the area however there are 22 Indian restaurants. Is there an area of town you prefer?
I don't care what area of town it's in, but if there's no Australian places, one of the Indian restaurants will do. Pick your favorite and give me their contact info?|I think you would the Curry Prince.  Their address is 451 Newmarket Road Fen Ditton and their phone number is 01223566388.
One more thing - can I get the postcode for the Curry Prince?|Sure.  The postcode is cb58jj.  Is there anything else that I can help you with?
I think that is all for today. Thank you for all your help!|It was my pleasure. Thank you for contacting the Cambridge Towninfo Centre.  Have a great day.
I'm looking for an expensive restaurant.|Okay and what type of food would you like to eat?
I want Portuguese food.|I can look that up for you. What area should the restaurant be in?
In the East please.|I don't see any restaurants matching that criteria. Do you have another preference?
How about Indian food?|I would suggest sitar tandoori.
Great! Can I get their address please?|It is at 3 High Street Cherry Hinton Cherry Hinton
Thank you. I am also looking for a museum to visit near the restaurant.|The Cambridge Artworks meets your criteria and has a free entrance fee.
Great, would you happen to know there address along with postcode? Do you have there phone number as well?|Cambridge Artworks is  located at 5 greens road, postcode cb13ef, phone number 01223902168
Thank you, that will be all for me today! Bye!|Bye.  Have a great day!
I'm looking for a moderately priced restaurant in the north part of town|There are two restaurants; chinese and indian that are moderately priced. Do you have any preferences?
I don't care.|Okay, how about the Golden Wok? They serve Chinese food in the north part of town and are moderately priced.
That will be good. Could you give me their address?|golden wok is located at 191 histon road chesterton and its phone number is 01223350688. Is there anything else I can help you with?
and also postcode please?|Their postcode is C.B 2, 1 U.J.
No. that's all I want. thank you|You're welcome. Thank you for calling us today. Goodbye.
I want to find an expensive restaurant and serves european food. Can i also have the address, phone number and its area. ?|Eraina is a European restaurant in the centre area.  Their address is St. Michael's Church Trinity Street City Centre and phone number 01223 355166.
thank you goodbye|Thank you and good bye
I'm looking for an expensive Chinese food restaurant. Can you help me?|I am showing 9 chinese restaurants. Would you like a certain area?
I have no area preference. Can you make a suggestion for me?|The hakka is in the north and is excellent. Would you like a booking?
No but could I get the address for the hakka?|Sure, it is on Milton Road Chesterton. Anything else I can do for you?
Sure, I am looking for something to do in the town centre|I've found the All Saint's Church which is at Jesus Lane.  There is no entrance fee.  Would you like further information?
Actually can you give me some information on boating activities in the center and whether there is an entrance fee?|I have the cambridge punter boat located in postcode cb41as. I do not know the entrance fee you can call at 07807718591.
Okay thanks that's all I need from you. Have a good day, bye.|You're welcome! Have a great day!
I am coming to Cambridge and am so excited to see some local tourist attractions.  I just need help finding a restaurant to eat at while there.|We have a lot of great restaurants!  What kind of food do you prefer, and what price range would you like for me to check?
I want Turkish at a moderate price.|I have found 2. The anatolia or efes restaurant. Would you like a booking made today?
The Efes is fine.  I need a table for at 17:15.  I will also need the reference number.|I am getting the booking started for you now, can you give me the day and number of people please?
Book for 8 people on Friday at 17:15.|I have your made your reservation. Ref# is E7VPA79P. They will hold the table for you for 15 minutes. Is there anything else that I can be of assistance?
Yes, I'd also like to check out a cool place in the centre area.|There is a lot to do in the centre.  Are you looking for a particular type of attraction?
How about multiple sports?|There is nothing in the centre of town for sports. Would you like to try something else?
What about a museum?|The Broughton House Gallery meets your criteria, would that work?
That sounds great. Can you tell me a phone number I can reach them at, and also the entrance fee?|The phone number is 01223314960 and the entrance fee is free.
That is everything, thank you so much for your assistance.|You're welcome and enjoy your stay.
Are there any moderately priced restaurants in the southern part of town?|Yes, there are two.  Pizza Hut Cherry Hinton serves Italian food while Restaurant Alimentum serves Modern European food.  Would you like any additional info on those or help finding something else?
What are the address and phone number of one of them ?|Pizza Hut cherry hinton is at G4 Cambridge Leisure Park Clifton Way Cherry Hinton with phone number 01223 323737
Excellent, thank you. Goodbye!|Have a wonderful day! Good bye!
I am looking for a moderately priced restaurant that serves Caribbean food.|There are no moderately priced Caribbean restaurants. Would you like something different?
Spanish food|La Tasca is a moderately priced restaurant that serves Spanish food.
What is the address, phone number, and post code?|Their phone number is 01223 464630, their address is 14 -16 Bridge Street and their postcode is C.B 2, 1 U.F.
Hi, I'm looking for something to do in the centre of cambridge that would be entertainment based.|I'm sorry, I have no entertainment listings in the city centre. Would you like to try another area?
Could you find some interesting architecture then?|There are five options. Great Saint Mary's church is a great option.
Sounds great, can I have the phone number, entrance fee, and the postcode please?|Great St Mary's Church entrance fee is 2 pounds, their phone number is 01223350914, and the post code is cb23pq.
I'm also looking for a place to eat in the same area.|There are 69 restaurants in the city centre. Is there a type of food or price range you would prefer?
Could you find me something moderately priced, please? I'm not picky about what it is.|The yipppee noodle bar serves Asian food in the city centre and is moderately priced. Would you like the address and phone number?
That's not necessary. I want to book a table for 1 person at 15:45 on Saturday.|Unfortunately that's already been booked. Would you like to try another time?
how about 14:45?|Yes 14:45 works! You table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Your reference number is DG9TSIVA. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No that's it, you've been great, thank you!|I'm glad I was able to help.  Please call back if you have any more questions!
If you can, please help me find a relatively expensive hotel down on the South end|The lensfield hotel is on the south end, has 3 stars and is expensive. Would you like to book that?
I am still deciding, can you verify whether or not they have free parking?|Yes, they have free parking.
Yay, yes please book me a room for 2 nights starting on Sunday.  We will have 8 people in our party.|Okay, your booking was successful! Your reference number is XDWV7SAT. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Yes, I am also looking for a restaurant. The restaurant should be in the expensive price range and should be in the south.|We have several choices. Do you have a preference in the type of food?
Anything you recommend will work. I need to book it for 8 people, sunday at 19:15|I reserved a table for you at frankie's and bennys your confirmation # is HEAZ99BV, anything else?
I would like to book a taxi from the hotel to the restaurant, one that gets me there in time for my reservation.|The booking is completed, and you will arrive in time for your reservation. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Can you give me a contact number for the taxi and the car type that will pick me up?|Yes, the contact number is 07017025881. The car is a blue volkswagen. Anything else today?
No, that is all. Thank you very much!|You're welcome. If you need anything in the future, feel free to contact us again.
Hi. I'm looking for a fancy restaurant that serves English food.|Unfortunately there is no expensive English restaurant. Would you be interested in African, Asian Oriental, or British food?
Not really. How about a place that has Mexican food?|chiquito restaurant bar is available, should I book it?
Can I have the area and address please not sure if I want to book it yet?|It is located in the south and the address is 2G Cambridge Leisure Park Cherry Hinton Road Cherry Hinton. Is there anything else I can do for you?
Yes, are there any parks nearby that I can visit as well?|Yes, there is the Wandlebry Country Park in the south.
Great, can I get the postcode?|Absolutely. Their postcode is cb223ae. Can I be of any further assistance today?
No. That is all. Thank you!|Thanks for using our service, and I hope you enjoy your time in Cambridge!
Hi there, I'm trying to book a train for Saturday that leaves after 18:45.|I can book tickets that leave london kings cross that leaves at 19:17?
No, I don't really want to go there. I'd like to go to London Liverpool Street.|I have one leaving at 19:59, if that's acceptable?
Can I get the travel time and train ID?|It is train train TR2166 and the travel time is 88 minutes. Would you like me to book your ticket?
Not just yet. Can you find me a place to dine in the south? Moderate pricing please.|There are two restaurants, would you like italian or modern european?
Ooh, modern european sounds interesting. What have you got?|The european restaurant is restaurant alimentum.  Would you like me to make a reservation?
Yes I would like a reservation for 6 people at 10:45 on saturday please.|Unfortunately, they do not have availability at that time. Would you like to try another time?
Try 9:45 then, please.|That time will not be available. They are closed then.
I'm sorry, before we book the restaurant.. can you make sure the train is departing from Cambridge, please?|Yes, that train is departing from Cambridge.
Are you sure they are closed at 9:45? Is there a different european restaurant in that area available at that time?|No, sorry, that restaurant is the only european restaurant in the area.
Can you book that for 6 people at 09:45 on saturday?|Unfortunately, there are no tables available at that time. Would you like to try another time or day?
How about 9:45 instead?|Unfortunately, there are no tables at 9:45. Try requesting a NEW time or day.
Why don't you just schedule it and give me the reference number please I know they are very busy this time of year.|I am sorry but I need for you to specify a date and time please.
Can you try 10:45 on Saturday again? Maybe there was a cancellation.|I'm sorry, again, that time is not available.
Okay. Thanks anyway. Good bye!|You are welcome. Sorry we were unable to book the table for you. Please call back if we can help with anything else.
Can you help me find train tickets?  Thanks!|When would you be traveling?
I need to leave on Wednesday after 11:45 please.|Where are you bound, and where are you departing from?
I'm leaving from Kings Lynn and headed to Cambridge.|There is no train leaving kings Lynn.
None, can you check the spelling and search again?|TR7040 will leave at 12:11 and arrive 47 minutes later at 12:58. The trip will cost 9.80 pounds. Would you like to book this train?
No, I'll book it myself but you can help me get some information on the thanh binh restaurant|There is no listing for this restaurant
Yes, I need some help and information pertaining to a particular restaurant. The name of the restaurant is Sitar Tandoori. I'd like some information on the place if you can help.|Oh yes, the Sitar Tandoori is great Indian restaurant on our east side of town.  Do you need me to make a reservation for you?
Yes, could you book a table for 6 on Friday at 11:45?|I am sorry, I am unable to make a reservation for 6 at that time.  Would you like me to try and find another restaurant?
That's unfortunate. Yes, is there something else in the same area?|I have a few more, moderate or expensive, which do you prefer I book?
If you could find one in the same price range that would be best.|I was able to book pipasha restaurant, reference number is ZO0089US
Thank you that is all I need.|Thank you for calling. Have a great day.
Hello, I am looking for a restaurant name taj tandoori.|It's an expensive restaurant in the south. It serves indian food.
I would like to book a table for 8 people on Sunday at 19:30.|Your booking was successful! Your table will be reserved for 15 minutes. The reference number is 6KURIUG5.
Thanks so much. I think that's all I needed. Have a great day. Bye.|Thanks! You're very welcome! You have a great day too!
I need to find a place to eat in the centre, thanks!|We have over 69 restaurants i the center of town.  Do you have any food style or price preference?
I am in the mood for Lebanese food.|Ali Baba is a Lebanese restaurant in the centre. Would you like for me to book it for you?
I'm not sure what time I need just yet.  Can I get the postcode?|Sure.  It's cb21nt.  What else can I assist you with today?
I'm also in need of a hotel in the same area as the restaurant.|Okay! Would you like to stay in a guesthouse, or in a hotel?
I'm gonna get wild this weekend, find me a zero-star guesthouse with free parking!|I have the el shaddai that meets those requirements. Would you like to make reservations?
Definitely! There will be 6 of us, arriving Saturday, and staying for 5 nights.|Your reservation for 6 at El Shaddai this Saturday for 6 days 5 nights was successful. Your Reference number is : 6NUZQ2BG.
Great. Can you also get me a taxi to take me from Ali Baba to El Shaddai. I want to leave the restaurant by 05:30.|How many people will be traveling?
I just need one taxi. Can you book that for me, please?|I have booked you a taxi. The contact number is 07167504810, and it will be a black Honda. Anything else for you today?
No, thank you. That was it for today. Thank you very much for your assistance. Have a good one. Good bye.|Thank you for contacting us at Cambridge TownInfo Centre. Have a good trip. Goodbye.
Please see if you can find me a 3-star hotel on the East|I'm sorry we do not have any East hotels that meet your criteria. Would you like to try a different part of town?
Yes, please look for any 3-star hotels in town that include free parking. East is still preferred.|none fits your criteria. can we change the area?
Try something in the center of town.|The Gonville Hotel is an expensive, 3-star hotel in the centre of town. Would you like me to book you a room?
Yes please. It's for 2 people and 2 nights starting on Thursday.|Booking was successful.
Reference number is : 2V7EWG9E.  Is there anything else I can help you with?
How about a place to dine in the expensive price range serving indian food.|I have many. What area would you prefer dining in?
I would like somewhere in the same area as the hotel.|I have 5 all located in the centre
Then please pick one and give me their phone number band postcode.|saffron brasserie is located at Hills Road City Centre, post code cb21la.  Their phone number is 01223354679. Can I help with anything else today?
That is everything. Thank you for your help.|you are welcome.
I am looking for a place in the centre of town serving indian food.|There are 9 different Indian restaurants in the centre of town. Do you have a particular price range in mind?
I would like an expensive restaurant.|I have 6 restaurants that meet that criteria. The curry garden or panahar are two I enjoy.
the curry garden sounds good.  Can you please provide me with the address and postcode.  Thank you.|Sure!  The address is 106 regent street city centre.  Their postcode is cb21dp.  Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Yeah, I would like to know about an attraction called saint barnabas press gallery.|Sure!  St. Barnabas Press Gallery is located in the east at The Belfast Yard, Coldham's Rd.  It's free to attend.  The phone number is 01223902116.
Thanks so much - that's all I need today.|Glad I could help, have a great day!
I'd like to find an expensive place to dine in the south.|Do you have a food type preference? The choices are Chinese, Indian, Italian, and Mexican.
Is there any Morrocan food?|No, sorry. There are no morrocan restaurants in the south. Would you like to expand to another area?
I would be interested in Indian food.|taj tandoori is an expensive indian restaurant in the south. would you like any other info? or to book it?
That place sounds great. Can I get the phone number please?|Sure! The phone number to the Taj Tandoori is 01223412299. Can I help you with anything else?
No, that is all I need.  Thanks so much.  Bye.|You're welcome. Thanks for using our services. Goodbye.
I'm looking for an expensive place to dine in the centre.|I have 33 restaurants that meet that criteria. Are you looking for a certain type of food?
I would like north american food.|gourmet burger kitchen is an expensive restaurant that serves North American Food. Would that be acceptable?
Sure please book for 7 people on wednesday at 19:15 please.|Unfortunately, we were not able to book that restaurant. Would you like me to try and find another restaurant?
Are there any other options in the expensive price range in the centre?|I was able to find 3 that serve british food and 1 that serves african and 1 that serves asian. Do you have a preference?
Can you book me in for the Asian restaurant then?|Okay. I was able to book you a table at the kymmoy. Your reference number is TQVKVLNH. Is there anything else you need?
Nope, I think that will do it, thank you|It's my pleasure. Have a great day! Goodbye!
Can you help me find a hotel in the north?|Yes do you have a price range preference?
Yes I have a moderate price range.|Ashley Hotel is moderately priced and located in the north.  Would you like to book a room?
Does it offer free parking?  If so, I would like to book it for four nights starting Thursday for 3 people please.|Yes it offers free parking.
Can I have a reference number for the booking?|Ashley Hotel will be expecting your party of 3 for 4 nights starting Thursday. Your reference number is K5JO25UL. Is there anything else I can do for you?
Yes. I would like to find a restaurant in the same area and price range of the hotel that serves Cuban food.|I'm sorry, there are no Cuban restaurants in the city - is there another type of cuisine that you'd like to try?
What about one that has Chinese food?|I've found one result. It is golden wok. Do you want a reservation?
Yes, I'd like to book for Thursday at 17:15 with 3 people. Send me the reference number too.|The booking was successful, here is your reference number 0Q4KUTUA. Is there anything else I can do for you?
I will also need a taxi.|Where will you be leaving from?
I need picked up at the hotel.|What time would you like to be picked up?
I need to get to the restaurant by the reservation time, isn't it obvious?|I did not want to make assumptions for you, but now you are booked. A black bmw will take you. The contact number is 07551001124
Thank you, and I apologize for getting snappy with you. That is all I need for today.|You are very welcome! It was a pleasure assisting you, and I hope you have a wonderful time in Cambridge!
I want to know about 4 star hotels that include free parking for guests.|What area of town would you like to stay in?
It doesn't matter but it should be a guesthouse.|There are about 16 choices. Maybe we can narrow it down if you tell me what price range you were looking at?
guesthouses not hotel, sorry can you suggest one and give me their phone number please|I have 33 guesthouses all over town ranging from cheap to moderate. What area do you prefer and which price range will work for you.
As long as it's a guesthouse with 4 stars and free parking I will be happy. Which one do you recommend?|There are 16 all over town, that meet your criteria. If you could tell me which part of town you would prefer, that would help narrow the choices down.
Please give me the phone number of a guesthouse, it doesn't matter where it is, as long as it has parking and 4 stars.|The acorn guest house has parking and 4 stars. Their telephone number is 01223353888. May I help you with something else?
Can you recommend a chinese restaurant in the centre area?|There are 10 Chinese restaurants in the centre in various price ranges. Which price do you prefer?
I don't care about the price. Can you recommend anything?|How about Charlie Chan? I go there alot, they are cheap and in the city centre.
That sounds great. Can I get a table for 8 people at 16:45 on Saturday?|You are booked as requester, the reference number is OQP3A7WA, any other questions?
I need a taxi also to get to the restaurant on time.|Where would you like the taxi to pick you up at?
From the guesthouse to the restaurant|A blue honda is booked and the contact number is 07014435019. Thank you
I'd like to find a cheap restaurant in the center of town.|Is there a type of food you prefer? Chinese, Indian, Italian and so on?
I'd like Chinese, please.|I have three restaurants to choose from. Any preference?
Just cheap, Chinese and in the center of town.|You might enjoy the rice house. Would you like me to book it for you?
I need a table for 8 at 13:15 on Wednesday.|You're all set! Your reference number is LHYLOV9Q. Do you need anything else?
i'm also looking for a train.|Sure, I can help you find one. What's the departure city, time and day?
It should depart from Cambridge, arriving by 18:00 on Thursday|Where will you be headed?
I am looking to go to London kings cross.|There is a 13:00 that would arrive by 13:51.  Would that work?
Sure. Could you give me the train ID and travel time?|Train TR0315 has a travel time of 51 minutes. Anything else I can help with?
No, that's all I need today. Thank you.|Thanks for using our service today!
I'm wanting Indian food, is there a restaurant that serves that near the centre of town?|How about kohinoor a cheap restaurant in the centre located at 74 Mill Road?
Thank you. I'd like to book a table for 6 people for Wednesday at 18:15. Also can you provide a reference number to confirm.|You are booked at Kohinoor. Reference number is ZMZLMLR9. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Reference number ZMZLMLR9, got it, thank you.|Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No, that was all. Thank you for your help.|Great! Have a nice day!
I would like an expensive place to dine, centre of town.|Great! There are 33 such restaurants. What type of food would you like to eat?
The type of food doesn't matter, but I need a reservation for 8 people.|What day and time are you looking to book your reservation?
12:45 on wednesday for 8 people please and may I get the reservation number after you book it please?|I made a reservation at the restaurant kymmoy. The confirmation number is UR49SKNA
Thank you for booking the reservation for mr,goodbye.|Let me know if you need anything else. Good Bye.
I'm looking for a hotel in the centre with free parking.|I have a few hotels with free parking. Do you want me to go through the whole list with you?
No, you don't have to do that. Can you recommend a 5 star hotel?|There are no 5 star hotels in the centre with free parking. There are two four star hotels, though. Does cost concern you?
Is there one with a four star rating?|There are two 4 star places, one a guesthouse and one a hotel. Would you like a reservation at one of these?
Can you suggest one please? And I need a postcode.|The alexander bed and breakfast is cheap and the postcode is cb12de. Would you like to make a booking?
Can you tell me about the 4 star hotel instead?|Sure. The University Arms Hotel is on Regent Street in the centre of town.  It is 4 start and expensive.  Is their any other information I can provide?
I am also interested in a place to dine. I would like to have Asian Oriental cuisine.|What is the price range for you?
It's a special dinner, so expensive is fine.  I need a postcode and address with that recommendation please.  Thanks so much!|Sure, did you have a specific kind of cuisine in mind?
I'm looking for an Asian Oriental place in the same area as the hotel.|There are four restaurants in that area that fit that criteria.
4 expensive asian restaurants? Well if so pick the one you'd recommend. Oh and get me the postcode and address.|I recommend Kymmoy in the centre. It's located on 52 Mill Road.
Thanks, that's all I needed today.|Alright, have a lovely day and goodbye.
Yes, I need some help looking for a restaurant. The restaurant should be located in the west, and the food should be in the more expensive price range if at possible.|I have 9 restaurants that meet that criteria. Do you have a preference on type of cuisine?
Yes, Indian please.|There are five Indian restaurants in the west in the expensive range. May I recommend Tandoori Palace?
Can you check to see if they have booking available for 8 people at 19:45 on Sunday?|I was unable to book for that time, would you like to try something else?
Yes, look it up and book me for Monday,please ?|The booking was unsuccessful.   Is there another time you would prefer?
Please book any Indian restaurant in the same area and price range as Tandoori Palace. This is for 8 people at 19:45 on sunday.|Booked at cocum. Your table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number: 4FEC5K00. Anything else?
That is it. Thank you for your help. Good bye.|Let us know if you need anything else, good day.
I am looking for a cheap restaurant.|What type of food would you like?
i dont care|There are 22 results. Is there an area that you would prefer?
Yes, in the west part of town please.|There are two results. la margherita serves italian food and thanh binh serves vietnamese food.
What is the address and phone number of one of them?|Thanh Binh is located at 15 Magdalene Street City Centre and the phone number is 01223 315232.
Is there anything else?|Would you prefer information on La Margherita?  It's the only other cheap restaurant in that area.
Yes, please.|La Margherita's phone number is 01223 315232 and you can find them at 15 Magdalene Street City Centre.
Thank you. Good bye.|Thank you and have a great day!
Hello, I am looking for a moderately priced restaurant on the south side of town.|There are two moderately priced restaurants in the South area. Would you like Italian or Modern European?
Is there anything else? Can I get the phone number please?|The pizza hut cherry hinton is located in the south part of town and is in the moderate price range.  Their phone number is 01223 323737.  May I help you with anything else?
Thank you goodbye.|Yes, goodbye.
I'm looking for an attraction in the west.|Are you looking for anything in particular? There are museums, colleges, and an entertainment venue on the west side of town.
I think a museum sounds good.|There are several in that area. 4 has no entrance fee and 1 costs 3.50 pounds. Did you have a preference?
I suppose I could visit the one that cost. Could I get the address, phone number and postcode to that location please?|cambridge and county folk museum is located at 2-3 castle street post code cb30aq. their phone number is 01223355159. is there anything else i could help you with?
Actually, I'm looking for an expensive place to eat after I visit the museum. I'm hoping for latin american food.|I'm sorry, there are none that meet your criteria. Is there anything else you would prefer, or maybe a not-so-expensive restaurant?
How about Indian food.|There are five options, but I recommend maharajah tandoori restaurant, would you like more information or a booking?
Okay, please book for tuesday at 13:15. It'll be 5 of us dining. I'll need the reference number|I am sorry, our system is down and I can't get that booked right now. Is there anything else?
I will also need to book a taxi.|Your all set! Sorry for any confusion. Your ref number is 9UQFB5UA make sure you get there 15 minutes ahead!
Thank you. What kind of car will they be driving?|They will be driving a white skoda. Is there anything else I can help with?
Do you have their contact number?|Yes, their contact number is 07346227585
OK, I guess that is all. Thanks a lot!|You are welcome
i am looking for a restaurant that serves african food and is moderately priced|I'm sorry, but I'm not finding any moderately-priced African restaurants. Would you like to try a different cuisine?
Sure, can we try gastropub food?|The Cow Pizza Kitchen and bar is in the centre. Would you like their information?
Yes please.  But you can go ahead at book it for 3 people at 17:30 on Thursday.|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Would you like the reference number?
Yes please, give me the reference number|Your reference number is : 5P3MS6PK.  Do you need any further assistance today?
I'll also need a train from Cambridge.|What is your destination?
I want to get to London Kings Crossing.|I have all of the available trains on that route this week listed, any preference on date and time?
I need to leave Sunday after 16:15.|TR3353 leaves at 17:00
can you book me 3 tickets please?|The total for 3 tickets is 56.64 GBP, which you can pay at the station. Your Reference number is : 8YCZ9HSM.
Thank you for all your help.|Was that all you needed?
Yes, that's all. Thank you.|You are very welcome. Have a great day.
I need a restaurant on the north side, Italian if possible.|Da vinci pizzeria is in the north part of town and serves Italian food.
Are they in the cheap price range? I'm kind of limited on funds.|Yes, they are. Would you like to make a reservation?
Not at the moment. Can you give me their address, phone number, and postcode, please?|20 Milton Road Chesterton	cb41jy and their phone number is 01223351707.
Great, thanks.  I'm also interested in finding an attraction that is also in the north.|What sort of attraction would you like it to be?
anything that is in the same area as the restaurant.|I have 4 attractions. 2 are swimming pools, 1 park and 1 boating attraction. Which do you prefer?
The boating attraction sounds like a lot of fun. How much do they charge to get in?|The entrance fee isnt available on line. 	01223902091 is the phone number if you'd like to call them. Can I help you with anything else?
Could you give me the postcode?|The postcode for Riverboat Georgina is cb43ax. Is there anything else I may assist you with today?
No thanks. that is all.|Have a wonderful day. Goodbye.
Hi there. Real quick. Having a blast. I want a REALLY good restaurant not too far from my hotel. What do you have?|I'll be happy to help- but I need to know what region your hotel is in first.
I'm in the centre of town.|We have a lot of restaurants available in the city centre.  Do you prefer a certain type of food?
I have no food preference, but I would prefer an expensive restaurant.|The Bedouin is an African restaurant that offers a high quality experience. Would you be interested?
Yes. Please book for 7 people on Thursday at 12:30.|I have made that reservation for you. Your reference number is K7HFUCR6. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I am also looking for an attraction in the same area I will eat.|I have about 44 different attractions in the centre of town. Lots of architecture, colleges, boating, cinemas, concerthalls, museums, nightclubs, swimming pools, and theatres. What interests you?
Can you recommend a place?|I like great saint mary's church.  Need some info on it?
Yes, how much is the entrance fee for st. mary's church?|Great Saint Mary's Church is located in Market Square, cb23pq and the entrance fee is 2 pounds. Would you like a booking?
No thank you that will be all|It was my pleasure. Have a good evening.
I'm looking for a restaurant on the west side that serves basque food.|I don't have a Basque restaurant on the West side. Would you like me to look in other parts of town?
Well how about an expensive one then?|We don't have any Basque restaurants on the west side, regardless of price. Do you want to try a different type of food?
How about a thai place then?|sala thong is just for you. Their address is 35 Newnham Road Newnham. Do you need a reservation?
No, thank you. I would like to know the postcode, if possible?|The postal code is cb39ey. Is there any other thing you might like to know?
Yes, I need a guesthouse close to the restaurant on the west side.|There are two in the area.  One is cheap and the other is moderately priced.  Do you have a preference?
I would like a 4 star guesthouse with free parking.|Do you have a price preference?
No I do not I would like a 4 star guesthouse in the west with free parking.|gdsgfsd fg dsf gdfg d sfgds
Can you assist me with finding a moderately priced restaurant?|Certainly. We have 31 moderately priced restaurants. Is there any particular cuisine you would prefer?
I'm looking for a place near the center of town that serves european food.|How about the Hotel Du Vin and Bistro?  Would you like to book a table for this restaurant?
Yes, that would work. Could you make it for Sunday at 16:30 for 1.|That booking was unsuccessful, I'm sorry.  Is there another day or time that would work?
How about 15:30?|They do indeed have a table at that time. Your reference number is 0WBNIZLJ.
Thank you. Is there a museum in the same area as the restaurant that I could go to?|There are 11, I would recommend broughton house gallery because it has free admission.
Alright, that sounds good to me. Could you give me their address and phone number please?|Sure, their address is 98 King Street, and the phone number is 01223314960.
Thank you. that is all the information I'l be needing today!|Have a wonderful time!
I'm looking for museums|I can recommend a museum for you.  First, was there a particular area of town you wanted to visit?
I am open to suggestions on the location.|The cafe jello gallery is a museum in the west of town.
Can you recommend an Italian restaurant in the centre as well?|Do you have a preference for the price range?
I am on a tight budget so would prefer something in the cheap price range.|zizzi cambridge is in the cheaper range, how does that sound?
That sounds perfect. Can you book me a table for 3 on Thursday at 18:45?|I was unable to book at that time. would you like to try another time?
Yes, can you try to book at 17:45?|Booking was successful, the reference number is FDCBUD77 the table will be held for 15 minutes, anything else that I can assist with?
I think that is all I need, thank you. Good bye.|I'm happy we were able to help you today. Enjoy your time in Cambridge!
I would like to find a museum in the centre.|How about broughton house gallery? It's free of charge.
Sure! What's the address of the Broughton House Gallery?|The address is 98 King Street. Can I help you with anything else?
Yes, I am also looking for a moderate priced restaurant that serves turkish food.|Anatolia is an excellent choice. They're located at 30 Bridge Street City Centre, cb21uj. Would you like to book a table?
Can you please tell me if it's in the same area as the gallery? I'm not familiar with the town.|Yes, it is also in the centre of town
Great.  Please make a reservation for two on Sunday.|Ok   I will book it for you
A moderately priced restaurant in the east part of town|Three restaurants meet your specifications. One is Italian and two serve Indian food. Do you have a preference?
Is there anything else?|the curry prince is in the east part of town and is in the moderate price range.  Would you like their information?
address and phone number please|The address of the Curry Prince is 451 Newmarket Road Fen Ditton and the phone number is 01223 566388.
That's all I need.. Thank you and good bye.|Goodbye
I'm looking for a train headed to Cambridge that leaves after 8:00 AM. Can you help?|Yes, I can help with that. What day will you be leaving and where are you departing from?
I will leave from Cambridge to Kings Lynn.|The earliest train on that route leaves Friday at 08:11 is that okay?
No, sorry, I had that backwards. I need a train from Kings Lynn to Cambridge on Monday after 08:00|The earliest train will leave at 08:11. Is that okay?
Yes can I get the train ID and arrival time please?|Sure its TR4758 and it will arrive at 08:58
I'd also like to find an expensive restaurant that serves european food.|I have 5 expensive European restaurants. What area of town would you like to be in?
In the north.|There is one high-end European restaurant in the north -- City Stop Restaurant. Would you like to make a reservation?
Can you book it for me and get a reference number ?|I can. What's the day and time you'd like to dine. Also, how many people will be dining?
2 people, on monday at 14:00|Excellent; your booking for 2 people at 14:00 on Monday was successful. Your reference number is COB3ZU7O. May I help you with anything else?
Have a nice day.|You have a nice day as well and thank you for calling the Cambridge TownInfo centre.
Can you help me find a place to stay?|Yes! What part of town would you like to stay in?
I would prefer to stay in the South please.|There are 4 nice places to stay in that area, is there a price range you prefer?
I've changed my mind and would prefer to stay in the center of town. I need parking, wifi, and it should have a 0 star rating.|There's one guesthouse, el shaddai, that fits your criteria. Do you need more information?
No, but I do need a reservation for Wednesday, 2 nights, for 3 people.|Booking was successful. Reference number is : LG6AFLVA.
Thanks. Could you also help me locate an expensive british restaurant?|The Cambridge Chop House sounds like it might be what you are looking for.
That sounds wonderful! Is it in the same area as the hotel?|Your hotel is in the south and the cambridge chop house is in the centre, is that okay?
Hmm, I really want to stay near the hotel. Do you have anything in the south instead?|In the south we do not have any expensive british restaurants. We do have chinese, indian, italian or mexican.
My hotel is in the centre, so the Cambridge Chop House will actually work. Can you make me a booking for 3 people on Wednesday?|Yes I can. What time would you like to eat?
I want to eat at 16:15.|Done! Your table will be reserved for 15 minutes. The reference number is 1T0DI06Z. Can I help you with anything else?
Oh yeah, I'm going to need a ride to get around.|I have booked you a taxi to take from your hotel to The Cambridge Chop House.  Contact number	:	07124495603
Thank you, what kind of car will be picking me up?|It will be a black Honda. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No. That is all I need for today.|Thank you for calling. I hope you enjoy your trip. Goodbye!
Hello, I am looking for a restaurant on the south side of town that serves unusual food.|Sorry but there is no resaurants that fit your request. do you want something different?
Yes, how about indian food|I recommend taj tandoori. It is located in the south part of town.
What is the phone number?|Taj Tandoori's phone number is 01223 412299. Is there anything else I can do for you?
No that is all. Thank you, goodbye.|Thank for calling Cambridge restaurant system, goodbye.
I'm looking for a restaurant, something moderately priced.|There are five restaurants in the moderate price range. They sever british and asian oriental, which are you looking for?
iam looking for something asian oriental and not so expensive restaurant.|I have the Yippee Noodle Bar that meets your criteria. Would you like me to make a reservation for you?
That would be great. I need to for 2 people at 13:00 on Tuesday. Can you provide the reference number for the reservation?|Here is the reference number: MVMT06FY
Thank you, that's all I need. Good bye.|You're welcome. Have a wonderful day. Goodbye.
I'd like to find a Turkish restaurant in the center of town.|I have three Turkish restaurants in the centre of town. Are you looking for a specific price range?
An expensive restaurant would be nice.|Then the Meze Bar Restaurant is the one for you. Would you like a reservation?
Yes please, can I reserve for 6 people at 12:15 on tuesday?|Your table for 6 has been booked on Tuesday. Can I help you with something else?
Could I have the reference number please|Sure.  Reference number is : TJ09LFVD.  Can I help you with anything else today?
Yes, I'm looking for a college to visit.|Do you have a part of town you prefer?
the centre around the same area as the restaurant do you have any suggestions?|how about christ's college its in the centre and free admission
That's a great suggestion. Thanks. I will also need a taxi between the college and the restaurant, please.|What time would you like to leave? or arrive by?
I just need it to arrive by 12:15 for the reservation.|Your taxi reservation on a grey Lexus has been completed. You will be picked up at Christ's College and dropped off at Meze Bar Restaurant. The contact number is 07700069470
Thank you so much!, Have a great Day!|Thank you for using our services. Have we met all of your needs today?
Thank you good bye.|your welcome, have a great day!
Do you have information on Taj Tandoori?|This is an a restaurant that serves India food located in the southern area. You can call them on 01223412299. Their address is 64 Cherry Hinton Road Cherry Hinton.
Cool, can you book a table for 5 people at 14:00 on Sunday?|I'm sorry, but there are no spaces for that time slot. Would you like to try another?
How about 13:00?  If this is available please provide the reference number.|Certainly. You're booked at 13:00 with reference number G4NWNDB5. May I help with anything else?
Yes, I also need a train to London Liverpool Street after 15:15.|What day were you looking to travel?
I'd like to travel on Monday, please, departing from Cambridge by the way.|I have a Tr3602, leaving at 15:59 and arriving at 17:27. Would you like me to book a seat?
Yes, could you book it for 5 people and provide the reference number.|Okay, i have booked a train for 5 people leaving at 15:59. Your reference number is RS2532561.
Thank you so  much, that is everything that I need.|Great. Have a nice time, and thank you for using Cambridge TownInfo centre!
I am looking for a cheap restaurant that is in the north part of town.|Royal Spice is an Indian restaurant in the north part of town. It is in the cheap price range.
I'm not interested in that choise. Is there anything else within those categories?|how about da vinci pizzeria? a cheap italian place in the north ?
I would like the phone number and address of da vinci pizzeria|no problem, its phone number is 01223 351707 and address is 20 Milton Road Chesterton.
Thank you. Good Bye.|thank you, goodbye.
I'd like to find somewhere to eat in the centre.|We have many restaurants in the center of town. Do you have a certain cuisine or price range in mind?
Yes, I was hoping for modern global food.|Iam sorry but I have nothing matching your needs right now.
How about a Spanish one?|I have two- la tasca, which is moderate, and la raza, which is cheap.
pick one for me and book a table for 8 people at 18:30 on wednesday.|Okay. Your booking was successful. Your reference number is VJ7PEVYV. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Could you also tell me if there are any trains available arriving in cambridge that day?|There are trains arriving in Cambridge daily! Where are you coming from, on what day, and at what time?
I am coming for birmingham new street, would like to arrive on wednesday at 10:45.|I can put you on the TR7329, it will get you there by 10:23, how many tickets?
Can I have the departure time and price of train TR7329?|TR7329 Leaves at 07:40 and costs 75.10 pounds
Thank you, that's all I need.|Awesome. We're here if you need anything else. Thank you for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Have a great day.
What's a good mid price restaurant?|Is there a specific part of town or type of food you're interested in?
I would like Catalan food.|I'm sorry, there are no restaurants serving catalan food in your price range. Would you like to try something else?
How about Spanish food?|La tasca serves Spanish food and is in the moderate price range.
Could i have the address, phone number and postcode please?|The phone number for la tasca is 01223 464630 and they are located at 14 -16 Bridge Street.  The postcode is C.B 2, 1 U.F.
thank you, goodbye|Thank you, goodbye.
Bye.|Call us again! Goodbye.
I want a restaurant in the north part of town and serves austrian food.|I'm sorry but there are no Austrian restaurants in the north part of town.
indian, please.|The Nirala is an Indian restaurant in the moderate price range on the north side.
Thank you, goodbye!|Thank you, goodbye!
I want to find a cheap restaurant serving international food. What is the address and postcode?|The Missing Sock matches your request they are located at Finders Corner Newmarket Road C.B 25, 9 A.Q  01223 812660 is the phone number
Thank you, goodbye.|You're welcome.
I'd like to find panasian food for cheap please.|There are no restaurants matching your requests.  Would you like another restaurant?
How about Asian Oriental food? I would like a phone number and address for any Asian restaurant you find.|Dojo Noodle Bar serves Asian Oriental. Their phone number is 01223 363471 and their address is 40210 Millers Yard City Centre.  Is there anything else I can help you with?
And that's a cheap restaurant?|Yes, dojo noodle bar is a restaurant in the cheap price range.
Is there anything else?|No, enjoy your meal!
Thanks.|Thank you, goodbye!
I'm looking for a cheap hotel that has free wifi.|There are 10 available. Do you want to specify hotel type or area?
I would like one with a 4 star rating. Is that an option?|There are 8 of those. Is there are particular area of town you were looking for?
There is not.|How about The Cambridge Belfry?
Yes, may I have the address for that hotel?|That hotel is located on Back Lane in Cambourne.  Anything else?
Do they have free parking?|They do have free parking. They also have free wifi. Would you like me to make a booking?
I would like to think on it if possible. But perhaps. Could you also help me find a chinese diner located in the centre? It needs to be cheap also.|Rice House is at 88 Mill Road City Centre.
What is the postcode of the restaurant?|What day, time, and how many people will be coming?
I don't need a reservation, I just need the postcode.|The postcode for the Rice House is cb12bd. Can I help you with anything else today?
Yes I also need a taxi to take me from the hotel to restaurant. I want to leave the hotel by 6:15.|I have set up Yellow Skoda  taxi to pick you up at 6:15. Their contact number is 07482129349
And what type of car will be picking me up?|A yellow Skoda is the type of car the taxi will be. Can I help you with anything else today?
No, thank you. You have been very helpful!|Thank you for using our service. Have a nice day.
Hi, I'm trying to find a place to stay called the cambridge belfry. What can you tell me about that?|Its price range is cheap, it's four stars, and offers internet and parking.
Sounds perfect.  Can you book a room for me for 6 people, 5 nights starting on Friday?  Please send me the reference number.|Great!  I've got you booked for 5 days for 6 people on Friday.  Your reference number is 8RL6ZC5G.
Thank you for the reference number.  Are there any cheap places to dine in the North area?|Do you have a preference for type of food?  I have an Indian option and an Italian option.
Any of the two would work. As long as you can book it for 6 people on the same day for 13:30.|I'm sorry, neither of them are available. Should I try different time or other restaurants?
Ok, try 12:30.|That worked! You've got a table for 6 reserved at Royal Spice at 12:30 on Friday. Ref. number is 8NHD0P2I. Need anything else today?
I would like to book a taxi from the hotel to the restaurant.|Your taxi booking is complete, your contact number is 07546255073.  Car type is a black lexus.  Do you need help with anything else?
That's all i need.  Thank you.|Would you like me to look up entertainment for you?
No, that is all I need for today. Good bye.|Have a great day.  Bye.
I would like to visit an attraction called the man on the moon.|Sure, it is a concert hall located at 2 Norfolk Street, postcode cb12lf.
Thank you very much.|Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, I am also looking for an expensive Halal restaurant to dine at.|Could you help me narrow that down by choosing an area and type of food?
I would like halal food in the centre of town.|It looks like there is not any in the centre of town.  Would you like me to try a different section of the city?
Is there an African restaurant in the center?|There is. Would you like me to book that for you?
Yes, please. I'll need a table on Saturday. It will be at 13:30. 6 people will be dining.|Great.  I made a booking for six people.  The reference number is MIDBIUFE.
Thank you so much. That was all I needed.|Do you need me to look up anything else for your trip?
Nope that was it for today, thanks!|May I book you a taxi?
No thank you. I have to go. Thanks for all of your help!|Great.  Have a fun trip!
I need a three star hotel with internet. Can you help?|I'm sorry, I cannot help you with hotels. Are you sure that's what you're looking for?
I'm sorry.  I meant to ask for information on a restaurant.  It's called the Stazione Restaurant and Coffee Bar.|The stazione restaurant is an expensive, italian restaurant located in the centre area. Would you like me to make you a booking today?
Yes, sounds wonderful.  Can you book a table for 7 at 12:00 on Saturday?|The booking was successful. Your table will be reserved for 15 minutes and your reference number is TA6XS4CY.
Great. I also need to find an attraction in the center and would like to know what type, address and entrance fee you find.|Okay what kind of attraction are you looking for?
Anything you'd recommend, as long as it's in the centre.|I recommend the vue cinema, it's got a lot of great features to watch!
Sounds good!  Could I have the address and entrance fee, please?|Address is the grafton centre, east road, I do not know the entrance fee.
Thanks! Do you have a phone number so I can find the entrance fee.|The phone number is 08712240240.
Thank you! And this is a cinema attraction?|Yes it is. Is there anything else I can do for you?
I don't need anything else.|I hope you have a good trip.  Have a great day.
I was hoping you can help me find a place to dine. I'm looking for an italian restaurant in the west.|There's 2 Italian restaurants in the west, one cheap and one moderate in price. Which price range do you want?
I would prefer a moderately priced one.|Prezzo restaurant is moderately priced. Would you like me to make a reservation for you?
Yes I would like the reservation for 1 person friday at 13:45.|Okay, will you be needing a reference number?
Yes you should not have to ask and always provide the reference number.|I am required to ask by management.
You really should be giving me the reference number now.|Your reference number is : 8XWH8Q5E.
I am also looking for a hotel that is 4 stars and has free wifi. I need it in the same part of town as the restaurant.|There are two hotels in the same area as the restaurant and meet your requirements.  What is the price range you are looking for?
I am looking for price range that is not cheap or expensive.|There are no moderately priced hotels in the area you are looking for. Would you like to search another area, or price range?
lets try cheap|There is one. It is the cambridge belfry. Do you want to book?
Yes, please. For 3 nights, and starting on Friday.|Sure, how many people will there be?
There will be just one person.|I booked it for one person. Your ref number is AB62FM758, is there anything else I can help you with today?
Thats all thanks !|Thank you and have a good time in our great city!
Hello. I'm trying to find a restaurant called Graffiti. Can you help me locate it?|It is on Hotel Felix Whitehouse Lane Huntingdon Road. Would you like me to book it?
Yes, I'd like to book a table for 7 for Sunday at 14:45.|I've booked your reservation at Graffiti for Sunday 18/06/2017 for 7 people. Reference number 3GQ3ITLZ.
Excellent. I'm also looking for a place to stay. It should have free parking and free wifi.|I can help with that. Is there a particular area that you would prefer to stay in?
No, not really. It just needs to be a hotel.|How about the Ashley Hotel?  It is on the North side of town and has free wifi and free parking.
That sounds like it might be great - how many stars does the Ashley have?|It has 2 stars. May I help you with anything else?
I also need a taxi to take me somewhere.|Certainly. Where are you departing from and where are you going? I also need the time you are leaving or need to arrive.
I just need to get to the restaurant by the time the reservation starts.|Where do you want to be picked up?
Please have the taxi pick me up at the hotel. Can I get the taxi contact number and car type?|When would you like to leave?
An hour after I arrive at the restaurant sounds about right.|Your car from the Ashley Hotel to Graffiti is booked.The car type is a Black Volkswagen and the contact number is 07898395762. Is there something else I can assist with?
Great thank you so much that's all I needed today.|Thank you for using our system!
Are there any 'touristy' and expensive restaurants in the north of town that I can go to? Thanks for any suggestions.|There are 5 restaurants in the north end, do you prefer asian food or european food?
I would prefer Asian food.|I would recommend the Saigon City for you. Should I make a booking for you and your party?
No, I'm not sure when I'm going yet.  Can I just get the phone number?|Sure thing 01223356555
I also want to go to an attraction in the same area as the restaurant.|i have four, do you have any specific attraction in mind?
I would like to visit a museum or a nice nightclub in the north.|There are no museums or nightclubs in the north. Do you want to search elsewhere?
No, what attractions are available?|I have a boat, a park and 2 swimming pools available in the area you are looking for.
The park sounds good. Can you give me the postcode? And is there an entrance fee?|Admission is free! The postcode is cb43px.
Lastly, I need a taxi from the park to the restaurant, we plan to leave the park at 10:30.|Your taxi has been booked. It will be a grey Honda and their number is 07705876562.
Thank you. That is all I need.|Thanks for letting us assist you today! Enjoy your visit!
Please help me find an expensive thai restaurant.|Would you like to try sala thong? It is in the west part of town.
That sounds good. Can you book me a table on Thursday at 16:30?|Sure I can help with that.  How many people shall I make the reservation for?
There will be five people, can I get the phone number in case I have to change it?|01223323178 is the phone number
Thanks, so can you make the reservation for me?|Reference number is : W2OO5LNF. Is there anything else?
Can you help me find a fun place to visit in the east part of town?|How about the Funky Fun House for entertainment? It's in the east, but I don't have any information on the entrance fee.
Can I get the Funky Fun House's phone number please?  I think I'll call them and check on it.|The phone number is 01223304705.
Okay great! That's all I needed. Thank you!|You're welcome!  Have a great day!
I am looking for an Italian restaurant in the east.|Pizza hut fen ditton matches your description.
Uh, no pizza hut's please. Something more classy please.|Unfortunately, there are no other Italian restaurants in the east. Would you like me to find you one in another area?
Is the pizza hut in the moderate price range?|Yes, it is. Should I book it for you?
I guess it'll have to do. Can you book us a table for 2 on Wednesday at 14:00 please?|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.Reference number is : H4BTTI6P.
Thanks so much! Can you help me with train tickets too?|Absolutely!  To start, let me get more details.  What are your desired departure and arrival cities?
The train should go to cambridge and should depart from leicester.|It looks like there are hourly trains starting at 5:09. Did you have a particular day and time in mind?
Yes, I'd like to book the train for Wednesday and I want to arrive in Cambridge by 08:30.|Will you train arriving at 07:54 work ok for you?
Yes I need it booked for 2 people please.|I've successfully booked 2 tickets for you, the reference number is 9FE8N16G.
Thanks for the help.|Have a great day!
Can you help me find an expensive restaurant in the centre area?|There are 33 possible places that fit your request. For example, there is an expensive African restaurant in the centre. Is this something you would be interested in?
How about mediterranean food?|Sure, either La Mimosa or Shiraz both serve excellent Mediterranean food.
La Mimosa sounds good.  Can your reserve me a table for 1 on Saturday at 11:15?|I have that reserved, the reference code is MLZZDYT5.
Perfect. I'm all set the. Thank you.|It's my pleasure. Goodbye!
I need an expensive restaurant in the west of town.|There are 9 different restaurants that fit your requests, can you narrow it down to a type of cuisine you would be interested in?
Really interested in bistro type food if possible.|I could not find any meeting this criteria. Do you have another preference on food or location?
How about one that serves indian food?|The Tandoori Palace is a wonderful Indian restaurant. Would you like a table there?
Yes, please. I'd like a table for 7 on Wednesday at 11:15. And I'll need the reference number.|Ok your table for 7 is booked on Wednesday at 11:15. The reservation will be held for 15 minutes. Your reference number is VCUPCWDA. Enjoy your meal!
Can you also help me with a train? I'm looking for one to Cambridge arriving by 8:45.|the TR9933 departs norwich at 7:16 and arrives in cambridge at 8:35.
I need a train that departs from kings lynn going to cambridge by 08:45.|The TR5831 arrives at 7:58, and it leaves at 7:11. This is the closest train to your requested arrival time. It costs 9.80 pounds per ticket. Want to book it?
No, no need to book it for me. That will do, thank you.|Do you need any further assistance?
Could you confirm the departure time, travel time and price of that train please?|Certainly. The TR5831 leaves out of King's Lynn at 7:11. Your ride will take 47 minutes, and costs 9.80 pounds.
Thank you - that's all I need right now. Have a great day!|Your welcome. Have a nice day!
I am looking for a place to stay with free wifi.|Certainly.  What part of town are you wanting to stay in?
The north part of town please.  Are there any guesthouses?|We have ten such places.
Great! Could you book one of those for Sunday for me?|I'm sorry, there isn't anything available for Sunday. Would a different day work?
How about just 1 night?|I'm sorry there are no rooms available for that day at all. Would it be possible for your to book another day?
I really need a room for 4 people on Sunday.|I'm not sure we're going to be able to help you get a room on Sunday. Can you restate your requirements?
I need a hotel on sunday for 4 people for 3 nights.  I need the hotel to be a guesthouse with free wifi.|I actually attempted all ten guesthouses with the booking instructions, all of them are unsuccesful.  May need to try hotels or different area to move forward.
Try hotels in the north, then.|The rooms are booked then , shall I try a shorter stay?
Ok, can you try for just 1 night please?|I was able to get you in for one night at the Acorn Guest House, reference number 2T2WBNRP. Sorry it took so long. Is there anything else I can help with?
I also am looking to dine out. Something European, and expensive.|There are 5 different expensive European restaurants in town. Is there a particular area you would like to eat in?
Nearest the hotel will be fine, I also need a cab after the restaurant|City Stop Restaurant is the european restaurant in the north near your hotel. Where would you like the taxi to take you after the restaurant?
I would like to go back to the hotel after eating|Can you tell me what time you would like the taxi to pick you up from the restaurant?
I would like to book the City Stop Restaurant for 4 people on Sunday at 15:45. I need the taxi to get from the hotel to the restaurant by that time.|Okay your all set! Reference number is 9ABQGPGT. Anything else?
I also need a taxi to commute between both places, and could you make sure it arrives at the restaurant by the booked time?|I have booked a yellow lexus, contact number 07327430362. Can I help you with anything else?
That is all. Thank you! You were so helpful!|You're welcome. Have a great day!
Can you help me out with finding a restaurant that serves british food in the east?|I have located the grafton hotel restaurant, would you like more info or a booking?
Please book reservation for 2 people at 16:00 on Friday. Send me the reference number.|Ok, I made your reservations. Your reference number is 23EKIUFO. Is there anything else I can help you with?
give me the address and postcode.|Sure, the address is Grafton Hotel 619 Newmarket Road Fen Ditton and the post code is cb58pa. Can I do anything else for you today?
yeah, i'm also looking for a place to stay.|I'll be glad to find you a place, first is there an area or price range you recommend?
The price range doesn't matter.|Well what area are you interested in?
I need a guesthouse, including free parking.  It should have a 4 star rating on Friday.  Can I get the phone number and address?|I recommend Carolina Bed and Breakfast. It's located close to where you'll be dining and is moderately priced. Their address is 138 Perne Road and their phone number is 01223247015.
I also need a taxi from the restaurant to the hotel, please. I need to leave the restaurant by 19:00.|I have booked that taxi for you. Be expecting a grey Toyota. Should you need to contact the taxi company, you can call 07048450899.
Thank you very much.  I think that is all I need.|Have a nice day!
Hi, this is a two-fer. I need to find a hotel that offers both free wifi and free parking|There are 29 different options, anything else that we can search for to narrow this down?
Yes, it needs to be cheap with 0 stars!|I have 2 locations. One is in the North and one in the centre. Do you have a preference of area?
what type of hotels are they?|Both are guesthouses.
Which one do you suggest?|I would suggest el shaddai.
Ok great. What is the postcode and what area is it in?|It is in the north and the past code is cb43ht.
I am  also looking for a particular restaurant.|Do you know the name?
Yes, it's called Graffiti.|Ah, yes, Graffiti. Great place, they just repainted. Would you like to book a reservation?
i want to know the food type and area|Graffiti serves British food and it's in the west. Would you like any additional information?
Thank you!  That is all I need!|Enjoy your stay in cambridge.
Looking for a cheap restaurant.|I have found some. Would you like Italian, Chinese, Asian Oriental, Indian, or Spanish food?
Do you have Brazilian or Portuguese?|Nandos is a portuguese restaurant in the south side of town with a cheap price range.
What is the address?|The address is Cambridge Leisure Park Clifton Way.
I am trip in Cambridge looking for a restaurant.|What kind of restaurant?
I'm in the mood for Spanish food. Are there any on the east side of town that are in the moderate price range?|There are no spanish restaurants in the east, but there's one in the centre called La Tasca. Would you like more information?
No, I really want to stay in the east. How about an Italian restaurant?|there are 15 in that side. what is your price range?
It should be moderately priced.|Great news.  The Pizza Hut Fen Ditton is in the moderate price range in the east.  Would you like me to book you a reservation?
book a table for 7 people at 15:45 on monday.|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Your reference number is : WS8I58FS. Can I help with anything else?
That is all I need.|Great.  Have a good day.
I will also need a train that will leave Cambridge after 2:00 pm to Ely on Tuesday|TR1534 leaves at 05:50 and arrives at 06:07.  Would you like me to book a ticket for you?
Can you book it for me and get a reference number ?|I sure can.  Your reference number is DX6XOLRA.
Thank you so much. What about helping me look for an attraction?|Sure! What kind of attraction would you like to visit?
I would like something fun.|I'm sure I can find something for you.  Is there a specific area you'd like me to look in?
Let's forget about the attraction for now.  Can you help me with a train?|You need a train in addition to the one we have already booked for you?
No, thanks I'll take the train that is already booked.|Is there anything else that you need?
Yes, lets look for that attraction. I would like for it to be in the same area as the restaurant.|Okay, so you'd like an attraction in the east. Did you have anything in particular in mind?
You know, I've changed my mind. I don't need anything else today. Thanks very much for your help.|Sure. If we can be of further assistance, please reach out to us again. It's been a pleasure helping you today. Good-bye.
I am looking to find a place to eat in Centre please.|There are many to choose from. I'm partial to The Varsity Restaurant myself, they serve international cuisine. Or were you in the mood for something else?
I would like belgian food in the moderate price range.|There are no belgian restaurants in the area.  May I suggest Cote?  They serve expensive French food and they are located in the Centre.
How about international food?|Okay, we've got two restaurants like that, Varsity and Bloomsburg.  Do you have a preference?
Whatever one you recommend, I just need the phone number and address.|The Varsity is located at 35 Saint Andrews Street City Centre and their phone number is 01223356060. Can I help with anything else today?
Yes, I'm looking for a particular attraction called ballare.|I gave that here, what would you like to know?
I just need the post code. Thank you.|The postcode for Ballare is cb23na. Will that be all?
Yes, that all I need, thanks.|Thank you for using our system today!
I'm looking for this hotel called home from home, please.|it is a 4 star hotel moderately priced in the north. can i give you the address?
Actually, I'd like to book it for 6 people. Can you help with that?|Sure I just need to know how many nights you will be staying and when you plan on arriving.
I'll be staying for 5 nights, starting on Friday.|i have successfully booked Reference number is : NSG0CL48.
Wow, thanks.  We want to eat at a restaurant called the India House, can you help me with that too?|Sure, on what day and time do you need a reservation? and for how many people?
I need to get a table for 6 people at 16:00 on friday as well|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : 3UPPNP4H.
Thank you so much for your help.|You are welcome. Let me know if there is anything else you need.
I need a 2 star hotel with free parking.|What area of town are you wanting to stay in?  What is your price range?
It can be anywhere in town, but I'd like the hotel to be in the cheap price range if possible.|It would seem there are no cheap 2 star hotels that offer free parking. Would you maybe like to stay at a moderately priced hotel?
How about in the expensive price range?|There are many hotels in this category that offer free parking. How many stars would you prefer?
I would prefer one with a rating of 2 stars.|I have one 2 star expensive hotel, The express by holiday inn Cambridge. Would you like to book it?
Yes, I would like to book it for two people for five nights, starting from Monday.|Booking was successful. Reference number is : ZULEU3K1. Did you need to find anything else today?
I would like to eat at a restaurant please.|Sure. I have many to choose from. Are you looking for a particular type of food, price range or location?
I'm just looking for something that's in the same price range as the Hotel|There are 57 expensive restaurants in Cambridge, do you have a particular type of cuisine in mind or shall I recommend one?
I would like a cuisine of asian oriental.|I have 2 asian oriental restaurants. Saigon City and Kymmoy. Let me know which you prefer and I can give you more info or book it for you.
Can I please get the address for Saigon City?|Of course, the address for Saigon City is 169 High Street Chesterton Chesterton
Thank you. I would also like to book a taxi to go from the hotel to the restaurant.|Of course! What time would you like the taxi to leave or arrive?
I'd like to leave the hotel by 6:45.  Once that is booked can you provide me with the phone number and car type?|Okay I have booked you a grey Tesla with a contact number of 07632382262. It will pick you up at 6:45 at your hotel
.
Can you book reservations for the restaurant at 7:30|On what day and what size party?
2 people on a Monday I think please.|The restaurant has been booked for 7:30 on Monday for 2 people. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No thank you|Do you need the reference number for the reservation at the restaurant?
Yes, I wasn't planning to book but since I have I suppose I'll take that number. That will be all for today - thank you for your help!|Glad to have been of service! Enjoy your visit to Cambridge.
Thank you for your help!|You're welcome. Have a great day!
Hi! Can you tell me about some of the museums in Cambridge?|Certainly!  There are 23 museums in Cambridge.  Are there any particular type of museum that you are interested in?
Can you recommend one to me and give me the address?|Sure, the byard art's address is 14 king's parade
What is the entrance fee?|The entrance fee for the museum is free.   Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
Yes can you find a restaurant in the south that serves creative food?|I'm sorry there are no restaurants that match your requests, is there another type of food?
How about on that serves Mexican food?|Yes, I have a place called Chiquito restaurant bar, does that sound like something you would enjoy?
Yes, could I book it for 5 people at 12:00 on Wednesday, please?|Certainly. I've booked you for 5 people at 12:00 at the Chiquito Restaurant Bar.
I am looking for a restaurant in the center of town that would serve South Indian food.|I'm sorry I have nothing listed matching your criteria. What about just Indian food?
Darn. Will you look for a Turkish restaurant in that area instead?|You have your choice of Meze bar, Anatolia, or Efes Restaurant.
Can I get the address of Anatolia?|Anatolia is located at 30 Bridge Street City Centre.
Thank you very much for your help!|Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, that's all I needed. Thanks so much.|Thank you for calling, goodbye.
I am looking for an expensive restaurant in the centre|There are 33 to choose from. Any type of cuisine you'd prefer?
I don't care what cuisine. I would like a table for 1 at 12:30 on Thursday. I will need a reference number also.|Sure. I booked you into the Cambridge Chop House on Thursday at 12:30. Your reference number is 8NI5A15M.
Okay, wonderful. Thank you for your help.|Was there anything else I could assist you with today?
No, you were extremely helpful. Thank you. Goodbye.|Thank you for booking with us today. Enjoy your reservation!
I am looking for a particular attraction, The Man on the Moon.|Sure. The Man on the Moon is located at 2 norfolk street and their telephone number is 01223474144.
Great, thank you for your help!|You're welcome, can I assist you with anything else today?
Are there any vegetarian restaurants with moderate cost nearby there?|I apologize but there aren't any vegetarian restaurants with a moderate price range in the centre area.
How about Chinese? Is there any moderate priced Chinese places in the centre area?|There are three restaurants matching that search. Would you like me to book you a reservation for jinling noodle bar?
What about a restaurant called Frankie and Bennys?|frankie and bennys is an expensive Italian restaurant in the south. Would you like to book a reservation?
Yes, please. I need a table for 1 on Friday at 18:30, if that's available.|I'm sorry, but they're all full up at that time. Would you like to try a different day or a different time?
Yes can you see if 17:30 is available for that day?|Your table has been booked for Friday at 17:30. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Your reference number is 23GYHJG6. Is there anything else I can help with?
I'd also like a taxi to go from The Man on the Moon to Frankie and Benny's, arriving by 17:30. I will need the contact number and car type, please.|Your car will be a blue bmw and the contact number is 07344209609. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No, that's all. Thank you!|Thank you, and have a nice day!
I need a expensive restraint om cambridge in the centre|I have several options for you.  What type of food are you interested in?  I can gladly book a reservation with a little more information.
My husband's family will be with us for a birthday dinner, so how about Italian. They are from an italian family.|Okay, how about Caffe Uno located on 32 Bridge Street?
Please book a table for 2 on Monday at 18:15.|Happy Birthday to your husband! Your reservation will be held for 15 minutes. The reference number is E3CNAP2.
I was told about a beautiful college called saint catharine's. Could I get some information on it?|It is in the Centre part of town at King's Parade, and entrance is free. Can I help you with anything else?
Yes, I'd like to know the postcode, please?|The postcode is cb21rl. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yeah, are there any restaurants serving Italian food near the college?|Yes, there are 9! What price range would you like?
I'm splurging, let's go with an expensive one!|Okay how about the stazione restaurant and coffee bar? It is in the expensive price range. Would you like me to make a reservation for you?
Yes, that would be great. We will be dining on Saturday at 11:00. It will be 6 people.|I've made those reservations and your reference number is 8FMZ4VCE.
Thank you for your help.|You are welcome.
Hi, I'm looking for a moderately priced Italian restaurant in Cambridge.|what about prezzo in the west?
I was thinking an Italian restaurant located in the east.|PIzza Hut Fen Ditton would suit you perfectly! They're located in Cambridge Retail Park on Newmarket Road. Do you need additional information?
Yes, I'd like to know the postcode, please?|cb58wr - would you like me to book it for you?
Not right now. I would like to find a place to stay, though.|Do you know what area you would like to stay in?
Nah, the area doesn't matter, I coming to celebrate so just as long as it's an expensive, 4-star hotel, I'm good.|Do you need Parking or internet?
No I do not need to have free parking.|Would you like me to book you a room?
yes for 2 nights starting thursday|Before I finish booking your room at the university arms hotel. Can you confirm how many people will be staying?
There will be 5 people.|Those reservations have been made and your reference number is WULZ2VEX.
Great. Thank you. That is all I need.|Awesome! Have a great trip!
Hi, I am traveling to Cambridge and I am looking for things to do in the city centre.  Can you help me find something to do?|There is a lot to do in the centre is there a type of attraction you want?
I have no preference. Pick any for me and please tell me the attraction type, entrance fee and phone number.|All right. Great saint mary's church is one our many churches famous for Architecture. It's 2 pounds to get in, and their number is 01223350914.
I am also looking for a restaurant that serves Korean food, and is located in the same area as Great saint mary's church.|Little Seoul is on 108 Regent Street City Centre. Would you like a reservation?
No thank you. Can you provide me with their phone number?|Their phone number is 01223308681
Thank you. Do you also book taxis? I would like one from Saint Mary's to the Little Seoul.|What time would you like to travel by taxi?
I want to leave the church by 1:00.|I have booked you a taxi. The car type is a yellow Audi and the contact number is 07332260834. Can I help with anything else?
No that will be all for today. Thanks alot. Goodbye.|You're welcome! Have a great day.
I'm looking for a restaurant that serves unusual food in the centre.|Unfortunately, I don't have any places that offer unusual food in the centre of town. Can I try a different area or type of cuisine for you?
What moderately priced restaurants are there?|The Oak Bistro is an excellent moderately priced restaurant located at 6 Lensfield Road.  Can I book a table for you?
Yes, that would be great. Please book that for me.|Certainly. I just need to know the number of guests and the date and time that you would like me to book it for.
No but could I get the postcode, address, and phone number?|Sure, the address is 6 Lensfield Road, cb21eg.  You can reach the Oak Bistro at 01223323361.  Is there anything else I can assist you with?
i would like  a place to go in the same area as the restaurant.|What type of attraction are you looking for?
I'm looking for a museum. Which one is your favorite?|I would recommend the primavera, located at 10 king s parade. There is no entrance fee. Do you need anything else?
I need the postcode for the museum also. And I need to book a taxi from The Oak Bistro to the Primavera, I'd like to leave the restaurant by 07:45.|I will work on getting this booked for you.
Okay did you book it? I need the contact number and car type.|The post code for the museum is cb21sj.  Please give me a moment to complete your taxi booking.
Okay. Once you're done, can I have the contact number and car type?|Yes of course, Please give me a few moments as I get this information.
Oh wait, before you book that. I am rethinking my restaurant choice. I need British food. Does Oak Bistro serve British food?|Yes, the Oak Bistro serves British Food.
Perfect, I'd love to have a British breakfast. Have you been able to book the taxi yet?|Yes, it's complete. The car type is a red Audi and contact number is 07084740824.
Thank you for all your help. Have a great day!|You are welcome!  I hope you enjoy your visit to Cambridge!  Please call us again if we can help you further.
north part of town restaurant please|What type of food would you like?
Chinese|Do you have a certain price range you would like?
I don't care.|There are several chinese restaurants.  Would you like their phone number?
Yes, and I need one of their names please.|Hakka is a chinese restaurant in the north part of town.
Sound perfect! What is their phone number?|Hakka's phone number is 01223 568988. Is there anything else I can do for you today?
thank you, goodbye|Thank you for using the Cambridge restaurant system. Goodbye.
I am interested in finding a great nightclub to take a friend to.|Cambridge has lots of great options. Club Salsa is quite popular and is in the centre.
That sounds great.  How much is the entrance fee?|The Club Salsa entry fee is 5 pounds. Can I help with anything else?
Perhaps their phone number?|The phone number is 07782218745.
Perfect, can you also help me find a place to eat that is cheap and serves Indian food? We are looking to accommodate 5 people at 17:30 on Monday.|I have found 4 restaurants. Do you have a preference of area? If not that Kohinoor in the centre is very popular.
Just book it on Monday please, for 5 at 17:30.|I've booked a table for 5 on Monday at 17:30. The reference number is MUBJSMLX. Is there anything else I can help you with?
We need a taxi from Club Salsa that will get us to Kohinoor in time to eat.  Can you make that happen?|I have arranged for a black Honda to have you arrive at Kohinoor by 17:30. The contact number for the Taxi is 07997403672. Is there something else I can assist with?
Great that was all that I needed today, thank you.|You're welcome! Have a good day.
Hi, are there any modern global restaurants in the centre?|It looks like there are none. Is there another area or type of food you'd like to look for?
I would like to look for one that serves modern european food please.|I have 4 modern european restaurants in the center of town. I recommend the Riverside Brasserie.
What is the postcode of that resturant?|The phone number for Riverside Brasserie is 01223259988. Can I help you with anything else?
I was wondering the price range of the riverside brasserie.|The Riverside Brasserie is moderately priced.
Thanks. Could you check on a train for me from london kings cross?|Sure, when would you like to leave by?
I would like to leave after 11:15 on a Tuesday.|TR7850 leaves at 11:17, can  book some seats for you?  Also, the postcode for Riverside Brasserie is cb21rt.  I had forgotten to give you that information.
Yes I'd like to book that train for 5 and I'd like the reference number as well please.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 118 GBP payable at the station .
Reference number is : 1JO707L5. Will you need anything else?
I think that will be all for today. Thank you.|You're welcome. Have a great trip!
Hi, I want to eat at an expensive seafood restaurant in Cambridge. Where can I go?|Lock Fyne is en expensive seafood restaurant located at 37 trumpington St.
I would like to book a table for Sunday|Okay. How many people will be dining with you?
It will be just myself at 11:45 for the booking.|Ok! Your table is booked for 11:45 on Sunday. Your reference number is V0ERUE79. Your table will be held for 15 minutes. Is there anything else you need help with?
I would also like to find some place to go in the south of town.|I have a wide variety of places. A cinema, museum, nightclub and entertainment. Is there a certain one you are interested in?
A nightclub sounds like fun. Recommend one please|Sure, how about "the place".  It is a nightclub located at 22 sidney street.  Would you like more information on it?
Yes, please. Can I get the phone number and postcode?|Sure thing the adddress is 22 sidney street and the post code is cb23hg.
I also need a cab by the booked time, contact number and car type please|Where are you departing from and going to?
The cab has to pick me up from the restaurant to the nightclub.|What time would you like to leave the restaurant?
Actually, I'm confused. I apologize. I'll need a taxi that will take me from the nightclub to the restaurant. I'd like to arrive by the booked time for the restaurant.|Booked car type is red skoda. Contact number is 07623852908. Anything else?
That will be all for today. Thank you so much. Goodbye|Have a good day.  Goodbye.
I need a local restaurant I can try while in Cambridge. I also need a 3 star moderately priced Hotel I can stay in while in Cambridge.|Okay. What kind of cuisine would you like?
I'm open to any kind of cuisine. Perhaps you can suggest one.|Why don't we start with the room since those fill up much faster and we'll come back to the restaurant. I have several options in guesthouses but unfortunately no hotels.
I need a place to stay that is a guesthouse with a 3 star rating in the moderate price range.|Is there a particular area you prefer?  I have guesthouses located in the North, South and West areas of town, which would you prefer?
I don't care, I just want it for 2 people for 2 nights starting on Sunday.|We have Hamilton Lodge, a 3-star guesthouse in the north that's moderately priced. Would you like to book a room?
Yes, please book that for me.|Booking was successful. your Reference number is : 16U7AL1E.
I would also like more info on the Rice Boat, it is a place to eat.|The Rice Boat is an expensive, Indian restaurant located at 37 Newnham Road, in the West area.
Will you book a table for 2 at 17:00 on Sunday?|You are booked at the rice boat. Your reference number is QWZXQ3XJ. Is there anything else?
Yes I would like a taxi to arrive at the restaurant by 17:00. I would need the phone number and the type of car.|Where will you be departing from?
I'll be departing from the hotel. Please give me the contact info and car type.|Your car is booked your car type is a grey ford and contact number is 07174899771
Thanks that's all I needed for today.|Okay, you are so welcome! Goodbye!
I'm going to cambridge and would like to know about places to go in town. I'm looking or a swimming pool attraction in the north.|Wonderful! There are two, one is between victoria road and the river and the other is jedburgh court and kigs hedges. Which would you like?
Choose the one with the best reputation for me. I will need the address and entrance fee as well please.|Kings Hedges Learner Pool is at Jedburgh Court, Kings Hedges and the postcode is cb42xh.
Thanks.  Can you help me find a Mediterranean restaurant as well?|There are 3 in the centre of town.  Do you prefer expensive or cheap?
I need it to be in the expensive price range and I'm looking for a table for 4.|There are 2 expensive mediterranean restaurants in the centre.  In order to determine which one can accommodate you, I'll need to know what day you'd like.
Monday, for 4 people at 15:00.|I was able to book you a table at the la mimosa for 4 people.Ref No is A6JHOS2N. It will be reserved for 15 minutes. Anything Else?
Thank you. Going back to the Kings Hedges Learner Pool, what is the entrance fee?|Hmm, I can't find the information in the database unfortunately.
Do any of the swimming pools in the north show an entrance fee?|Unfortunately, none of them have a listed entrance fee. I would be happy to provide you their phone number so that you can call them for it if you like.
That's okay, but I would like to book a taxi between the two places, please.|I've booked your taxi, it will be a blue lexus with the contact number of 07039857311. Anything else I can help you with?
Thank you, the taxi should get me from the pool to the restaurant by 15:00, right?|Yes, that's correct. Anything else I can help you with?
No, thanks. That's all I needed.|Okay, have a great day.
Yes, I'm looking for a cheap place to eat on the east side.  Do you know of anything?|yes I have one listing for an international place called The Missing Sock. It is very popular. Would you like their telephone number?
Yes. Please give me the telephone number.|Their number is 01223812660.
Thanks! Now could you make a reservation for me? I need a table for 1 on Saturday at 12:15, please.|Unfortunately, they are fully booked during that time slot. Would you like me to try for a different time or day?
How about 11:15?|You've been booked for 11:15. Do you need anything else?
May I have the reference number please?|Your reference number is FK3AREID.
Thank you so much, that is all I needed!|Great! Have a great day!
I am looking for an expensive hotel to stay at in Cambridge, please.|There are 5 to choose from (two with 4 star ratings). Which side of town would you like to be close to?
I don't care what part of town, just so that it has a 4 star rating.|There are two options - the University Arms Hotel in the centre and the Huntingdon Marriott Hotel in the west. Do you have a preference?
The University Arms Hotel. Can you book that for 5 nights please?|What day would you like to stay and how many people will be staying?
Myself and my wife will be staying 5 nights starting on wednesday.|Great! I've booked that for you. Your reference number is 8Z83650O. Is there anything else I can do for you today?
I am also looking for the restaurant Frankie and Bennys, I need the phone number, price range, and postcode please.|Absolutely! The phone number is 01223412430 and the postcode is cb17dy. It is expensive / upscale price range. Would you like me to make a reservation?
That's all I needed, thanks so much for your help.|Okay. Glad I could be of help.
I need an expensive restaurant in the centre|Sure, what type of food do you want me to look for?
I don't have a preference. It should be in the centre, however.|bedouin is a very nice african restaurant. Shall I book it ?
Yes, please.  Would you book it for 8 people on Tuesday at 13:00?  I need to be sure to get the reference number, please.|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : P29I9V5T.
Thank you. I'm also in need of a place to stay. I'd like it to be a hotel with a star of 2.|There is the Ashley Hotel, which is a two star hotel in the north. Shall I book it for you?
Does the hotel have free parking?|Yes free parking and internet. Would you like me to book it for you?
Yes please for 3 nights for 8 people on Tuesday.|You are good to go, in case you need it, the reference number is FBC4YKK9, can I help with anything else?
No, that is all.  Thanks for being so helpful for my upcoming trip.  Looking forward to my stay.  Bye.|Your welcome, I'm glad I could help.
Hi, I'm heading to birmingham new street so please find me a train that leaves on Friday|Are you leaving from cambridge? Is there a time you'd like to leave?
Yes, I'm leaving from Cambridge. Departure time doesn't matter, but I need to arrive by 18:15.|There are 12 trains available for you and the first one leaves at 05:01. Can I book a seat for you or do you prefer a later departure time?
No, I said arrive by 18:15. Try again.|The closest arrival to 18:15 is 17:44. Would that work for you?
What is the price for a ticket?|The cost per ticket for that train is 75.10 pounds did you still want me to book it for you?
No, thats ok. I also need to find a cheap Italian restaurant.|There are 15 Italian restaurants to choose from. Would you like one in a particular part of town?
Any that you choose will be fine. I'll need to book a table for Friday at 10:00. There will be 3 people dining.|I have you booked at Ask, for Friday at 10:00 for 3 people.  It's at 12 Bridge Street City Centre.  Your reference number is:  IL7HZYW5.
Wonderful! I think that's it, thank you. Goodbye!|You're welcome. Have a great night!
I am looking to dine out in the centre part of town and I would like to find a place that serves north american food.|I have one, Gourmet Burger Kitchen.
I want to book a table for 5 people at 13:00 on saturday.|Unfortunately, they are all full at that time. Would you like me to try another restaurant?
Yes.  Please look for a different place in the same area and price range.|I'm sorry but Gourmet Burger Kitchen was the only North American restaurant in the centre area. Would you like for me to try another area?
Not right now. Thank you for your time.|Okay, please let me know if you need anything else.
I am looking for a restaurant in the center with a moderite price range.|There are 21 moderate priced restaurants in the center, anything else like type of restaurant so we can narrow this down?
No, not really.  Can you recommend a favorite?  I will need a reservation.|Yippee Noodle Bar, The Cow Pizza Kitchen and Bar and La Tasca are all interesting options - any of these sound good?
I would like the Cow Pizza Kitchen for 4 people at 13:15 on Saturday. I need a cheap hotel in center too.|Okay.  I would recommend Alexander Bed and Breakfast.  It's a 4 star hotel that is cheap.  Does that sound good?
Yes, please book me for four people on saturday for one night.|Ok.  I was able to book a room for you.  The reference number is QOYMYRLQ.  Can I help you with anything else?
No that will be all thank you.|Thank you for contacting us. Have a great day.
I'm looking for an expensive restaurant in the centre of town.|We can narrow down our selection for you if we know the Restaurant chain and the kind of Food you prefer?
I'm open to any kind of food. I'm looking for something in the centre and on the expensive side.|There are a lot of good choices like that. I can recommend The Cambridge Chop House if British food appeals to you. Would you like me to book you a table?
That sounds lovely. There will be 2 of us at 16:45 on Tuesday please.|I was able to get a reservation at that time.  Your reference number for your reservation is RC16KLU4.  Is there anything else I can help you with?
I'd also like to find somewhere to go in town.|We have several attractions to choose from, do you have a preference as to the type?
Is there a cinema?|You would love cineworld cinema
Thank you, I just need their postal code for now and I can take it from there.|The postcode for cineworld cinema is cb17dy
Okay, thank you so much for your help.|You are very welcome. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
That is all for now. Thank you for your help.|You are welcome enjoy.
I'm looking for a specific hotel. Can you help me?|Absolutely! Which hotel is it?
the cambridge belfry. what is its price range?|It is in the cheap price range.
Thanks! I also need to find an expensive French restaurant to eat at.|Do you have an area preference?
Area, no, just that it's expensive and french.|Restaurant Two Two would suit your needs.  Its in the North area.Would you like to make a reservation at this time?
No, but can you please give me their address with postcode and the phone number? I'd like to call them myself to ask about food allergies.|You can reach them at 01223351880. Their located at 22 Chesterton Road, Chesterton. Their postcode is cb43ax.
I would like to book a taxi to commute between the two places|Sure, what time would you like the car for?
I'd like to leave the restaurant at 21:00.|There are many taxi services in town,which would you prefer ?
We would like recommendation of places we could go on the west side of town.|Do you have a type of food you would like to try?
Yes, I would like to try indian food.|Sure, there are several options in that area.  Did you have a price range in mind?
i want something expensive|I have 5 indian restaurants in the west. If I may, might I suggest the Rice Boat. I can reserve a table for you if you'd like.
Yes, could you please book that.|For how many and what time and day would you like to eat?
I need a reservation for 5 people for 16:15 on Tuesday.|Your booking was successful! Your reference number is 3IHPEMVX.
Great! Thank you so much!|Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Actually, I also need a taxi to arrive at the restaurant by the reservation time.|Where are you departing from?
I actually would like to hear about some attractions, then schedule my cab. Where are the fun places to go in town?|As far as attractions, we have all kinds, any preference on area of type of place?
I would like to find any type of attraction in the West, and would like a phone number please.|How about queens college? The phone number is 01223335511.
Sounds great, thanks! Can you please book me a taxi from Queens College to the restaurant, please? I need to arrive by the time of my reservation.|A white tesla will pick you up and take you to the Rice boat in time for your reservation. Your driver can be reached at 07114121468
Thanks so much for your help! That will be all today.|You're welcome. Glad I could be of assistance.
Hello, I'd like some information on a train going to leicester.|Do you know when you will be traveling?
I need to arrive by 20:45|Almost there, Ive got the time and route in, but never got a date, what day will you need this?
I need to travel on Tuesday.  Can I get the Train ID and travel time?  Thank you so much!|Train TR0776  arrives in Leicester at 20:06. It departs Cambridge at 18:21. Would you like to book this?
Yes can you please and send me the reference number.|How many tickets do you need?
I will need 7 tickets.|Reference number is : XCUCXU2M. Will you need any more help?
I will need a restaurant for 7 people at 12:45 on the same day at graffiti.|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Reference number is : LLBY85ZO. Do you need anything else?
no that's all thanks a lot|Happy to help. Goodbye.
I am looking for information on The Varsity restaurant.|The Varsity is a moderately priced restaurant offering international cuisine. Would you like any other information?
Could you book me a table for 2 at 20:00 on Tuesday evening?|Ok! Your table for 2 at the Varsity Restaurant has been booked for Tuesday at 20:00. You reference number is: 1EB89A0F
Thank you so much, that is all.|You're welcome. Goodbye!
I'm looking for an expensive restaurant that serves Indian food please.|We have several of those, were you looking for any particular part of town?
No. Just need it to be open on Saturday.|Okay, would you like me to attempt to book a table at one of these fine restaurants for Saturday?
Which one would you suggest?|The Curry Garden is a nice place do you want their info ?
I am looking to get some eritrean food in the west part of town.|Unfortunately there aren't any restaurants that fit your criteria. Is there anything else that I can do for you?
Can you see if there are any that serve  indian food?|There are six restaurants, one in the moderate price range and the rest in the expensive price range. Which one would you prefer?
Any would be fine. But I need to book a table for 8 people for Sunday at 12:15.|Booking was unsuccessful at rice boat. Would you like to find another restaurant?
Sure as long as it's in the same area and price range. I need the reference number too please.|Okay I booked you at the Tandoori Palace and your reference number is NBLD7E0V.
Thank you, that's all I needed today!|Okay glad I could be of help!
I need information on a restaurant called panahar.|i've pulled up their info, what would you like to know?
I need reservations for 5 people at 15:15 on Sunday. I'll need the reference number as well.|Your table at Panahar has been reserved for 15 minutes starting at 15:15 on Sunday. Your reference number is TIYE4F1Y. Can I help you with anything else?
I'm looking for things to do in the west. Can you recommend anything?|The Whale of a Time entertainment venue is a fun choice. We also have museums and colleges to visit, if you'd like something quieter.
Can you tell me the address for The Whale of a Time entertainment venue? And is there an entrance fee to get in there?|I do not have any information on an entrance fee but I can give you the address which is unit 8, viking way, bar hill.
Thanks for that, that's all I need.|You're welcome! Have a great day!
Thank you, you as well.|thanks alot. it was great talking to you
I look forward to my visit. Thanks, again.|You're welcome, have a great day!
I'm looking for boats to look at. Can you look in the south?|I'm afraid we don't have any boats in the south.  Would you like to try another area?
Are there any boats in the park?|There are only 4 boat attractions in town. Camboats in the east. Riverboat georgina is in the north. Scudamores punting company and the cambridge punter are in the centre of town.
Thank you. Are there any parks in the south?|There are 2, both free. They are sheep's green and lammas land park fen causeway, and other  is wandlebury country park. Would you like information on either one?
Could I get the entrance fee for wandlebury country park please?|The park is free.  There is no entrance fee.
Could you help me find a restaurant in that area?|There are nine places in the south any preference on restaurant type or price range?
I'd like a moderately priced Italian place.|The Pizza Hut Cherry Hinton is located in the South and has a moderate price range. Would you like more information?
Yes, I need to get their phone number and address, please.|Their phone number is 01223323737, and they are located at G4 Cambridge Leisure Park Clifton Way Cherry Hinton.
Thanks, could you also book me a taxi between the two locations please?|I can arrange a car for you if you'll tell me whether you'll be travelling from the park to the restaurant or vice-versa, and tell me the date and time.
I need to leave the park by 16:15.|Booking was successful. Expect a grey Lexus. Their number is 07386542982. Anything else?
Thank you for all your help. That should be everything today.|My pleasure. Enjoy your stay.
I am looking for a cheap place to dine in the centre of Cambridge.|If you are interested in Chinese food, there is Rice House located at 88 Mill Road City Centre in the cheap price range.
I prefer Russian food actually.|I can't find any cheap Russian restaurants.  Are you open to moderate price?
No. It really does need to be cheap. What about chinese in the centre?|There are 3 restaurants matching that, Charlie Chan, Rice House, and Golden House.
I want to book a Golden House table for 1 person at 16:30 on sunday.|Great your reservation is all set, the reference number is D6VCX5IA
Could you also help me book a train for Monday?|I'd be glad to help, where are you traveling to?
I am traveling to birmingham new street|We have five trains going that way. What time would you like to leave?
I'd like to leave Cambridge and arrive by 12:45|I have booked you for trainID TR1111 for 23.60 pounds. It will arrive to Cambridge at approximately 11:51.
Okay, what is the departure time and travel time?|Your train will leave at 11:00 and travel for approximately 51 minutes. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, that will be all, thank you.|thank you for calling.
thank you good bye.|You're welcome, and goodbye.
I am looking for a north indian food restaurant in the town centre.|I'm sorry, there are no North Indian restaurants in the centre area. Would you like to check a different area?
What about expensive restaurants?|Unfortunately there are no expensive North Indian restaurants.
What about a restaurant that serves just indian food?|How does the Curry Garden sound?
That sounds good. Please book for 2 people at 11:45 on Saturday.|Thanks, booking has been completed.
Thank you. Can you give me a reference number? Also, I need to book a 4 star guesthouse.|Your reference number is FNEQ6E1A. And alright, any other preferences regarding the guesthouse?
I need it to include free wifi.|There are 18 guesthouses matching your criteria. What area and price range would you prefer?
I trust your opinion, just please let me know the price range and postcode.|Finches Bed and Breakfast is a cheap 4-star guesthouse on the west side. Its postcode is cb30nd. Can I help you with anything else today?
No thank you.  You have been very helpful.|Have we fulfilled all of your requests today?
What is the price range for the hotel?|Finches Bed and Breakfast is a cheap guesthouse. Do you need anything more?
No, that is it. Thank you.|You're very welcome, enjoy your visit!
I'm looking for an expensive restaurant that serves european food while I'm in Cambridge.|Darry's Cookhouse and Wine Shop is located at 40270 King Street at the City Centre. Would you like their phone number?
Yes, please, and their postcode as well.|Phone is 01223505015 and postcode cb11ln.  Would you like me to get you a table?
No. But I need a train going to Ely.|Where are you travelling from and what time?
I am departing from cambridge on monday and I need to arrive to Ely by 11:15.|I have 3 trains available leaving at 06:07, 08:07, and 10:07.  What time would you like to leave?
You choose one please. I need it for 4 people.|I booked you on TR8399 arriving at 10:07. Booking was successful, the total fee is 17.6 GBP payable at the station .
Reference number is : AVBKNMXQ.
Thank you very much.|Is there anything else I can help you with?
No that's all. Thanks so much!|You are welcome.  Enjoy your stay.
I need a cheap place to eat on the south side of town.|Great, I have two places to recommend.  Nados serves Portuguese and the Lucky Star serves Chinese.  Which one do you like?
Nados serves Portuguese sounds good can I get a address, food type, and phone number?|The address is Cambridge Leisure Park Clifton Way and the phone number is 01223327908.
Excellent.  I also need to find a place to stay while in town.  Can you help me find a cheap hotel?|Yes I can help.  Will you be staying on the south side as well?  Do you have any accommodation requirements?  Thanks.
Yes, I'll be staying on the South side so a cheap 4 star guesthouse with free wifi will do|I found Rosa's Bed and Breakfast for you. Would you like me to book it?
Can i just get the address please?|Sure the address is 53 Roseford Road. Do you need anything else?
No, that's all I need.|Okay, I will go ahead and sign off then. Let me know if you need anything else.
I want something in the north part of town with swedish food.|There are no restaurants matching your requests.  Would you care for a different restaurant?
Are there any italian restaurants in the north part of town?|yes there is one, its name is da vinci pizzeria.
great, can you please give me its address and phone number?|da vinci pizzeria is located at 20 Milton Road Chesterton and their phone number is 01223 351707.  Can I help you with anything else today?
Thank you good bye.|Thank you, and enjoy your meal!
Thanks!|Goodbye.
What do we have to eat in the expensive european food range?|There are 5 options in Cambridge for expensive European food. 1 in the North, 1 in the West and 3 in Cambridge Centre.
Nothing in the south?|I was not able to find any expensive european restaurants in the south.
What about Mexican restaurants?|The Chiquito restaurant bar, a mexican restaurant, is in the south and is expensive.  Would you like to book a table?
Yes. I'd like a table for 1 person at 19:15 on Sunday.|Your table is reserved and the reference number is TN3210RT. Will there be anything else?
That's all. Thanks for your assistance.|You are very welcome! Have a great time! Goodbye!
What restaurants in the centre are cheap?|I have 15 possible ones to choose from. Could I ask what type of food you are looking for?
Sure. I'd like modern eclectic food please.|Unfortunately, no results came from your search. Would you like to broaden it?
Ok, how about Indian food then?|I found three cheap indian places in the centre.  Would you like to book at the Gandhi?
Yes please.  Can I also get the phone number and the postcode of the Gandhi?|Sure no problem. The Gandhi phone number is: 01223353942 and the postcode is cb12as. Would you like me to book that for you?
I don't know, but I am also looking for a train from Kings Lynn to Cambridge.|I'm sorry, there seems to be an error in my system. Can you please restate your train requirements?
I am looking for a train to take me from Cambridge to Kings Lynn. I need the train to leave on Thursday and arrive by 20:45|Booking was successful, the total fee is 9.8 GBP payable at the station. Reference number is : IS961RCU. Is there anything else I can help with?
Yes, please make sure the booking is for 3 people.|Great I have booked three people on that train. Your reference number is K6C628QH.
Thanks.  That's all I needed.|have a great day!
Hi, can you please help me book a train departing from London King's Cross on Sunday?|We have 10 different trains for that day. Do you want to depart and/or arrive at a particular time?
I want to leave after 9.|There is a train leaving at 9:17, Sunday. Would you like for me to book that?
I need a booking on the train for 7 people to go to Cambridge. Is that doable?|Yes it is. Do you have a preferred time of departure?
I would like to leave after 9:00.|I have booked the train for 9:17.  The reference number is BBQXVMZK.  The total for 7 people is 132.16 GBP and is payable at the station. Anything else I can do for you?
Yes, could you please help me find a expensive danish restaurant?|It looks like there aren't any expensive Danish restaurants in town.  Would you like me to look for another cuisine?
British food would be a suitable replacement I suppose.|We have many to choose from.  Any part of town work best?
No preference. Can you recommend one and book the same group of people on the same day please|Ok, I recommend the the cambridge chop house. It is in the city centre. What time would you like to eat?
i would like the reservation to be for sunday for 7 people at 20:15.|Booking for 7 was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Your reference number is  EXZLQAZY. May I help you with anything else?
Thanks.  That's all.  Goodbye|Thanks for letting us assist you today! Enjoy your visit!
I'm looking for a restaurant in the center, but on the cheaper price range, can you help me?|There are 15 restaurants in the city centre that are in the cheap price range. What type of cuisine would you prefer?
I will prefer restaurant that serve Chinese food.|I have three. Shall I try to book one?
Actually, no booking is necessary. But, can you suggest one and provide me the address. Thanks.|I recommend the golden house. The address is 12 Lensfield Road City Centre.
Great thank you, I also need a train to arrive by 20:15 and traveling on monday.|I can help you with that. Where are you leaving from and going to?
I'm leaving from Norwich and heading for Cambridge.|Trains leave hourly from 5:16 am till 18:16 pm.  The 18:16 pm train arrives at 19:35.  The fare is 17.60.  What time would you like to leave?
That doesn't matter. The 18:16 will do. Book it for 4.|Your ticket booking was successful and the total fee is 70.4 GBP payable at the station . Your reference number is : 72SA1578. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Thank you so much for your help, that's all I need today.|Great! Enjoy your visit and have a good one.
I need a training heading out from Leicester that leaves on Thursday.|there are multiple trains leaving for Leicester on Thursday. what time would you like to depart?
I would like to go to cambridge and arrive by 12:30.|There are 6 trains that leave Leicester and arrive in Cambridge by 12:30, what time would you like to leave by?
I don't care what time I leave. I do need the price and train ID though.|There is a train departing at 10:09 and arriving at 11:54 with a ticket cost of 37.80 pounds. TrainID is TR2058. Shall I book that for you?
Yes please. I am also looking for a place to eat. Are there any restaurants in East Cambridge that serve unusual foods?|I'm sorry, but there are no restaurants in all of Cambridge that serve unusual food. Would you like to try a different cuisine?
Oh well, thank you anyway.|You are welcome!! Goodbye.
I am looking for Japanese food in the south part of town.|I am sorry. There is no japanese restaurant in the south area? Would you like to try another area or food type?
Try Mexican, then.|Unfortunately, I was not able to locate a Mexican restaurant in the south part of time. Would you like me to search for a different cuisine?
I'll take any type of cuisine, then. I just need a reservation for 6 at 13:15 on Saturday.|There are Japanese, Italian, Modern European, Portuguese, Indian, and Mexican. Which of these do you prefer?
Mexican, please.|The Mexican place is not open then, shall I try another place to dine?
Yes please. Are you sure there are no Japanese or Mexican places in the same price range open on the south side that day?|No I am sorry. But there is a Portuguese restaurant if you are interested.
Okay I guess. Try booking there please.|Great! I was able to book you there and your reference number is W2A8GHG8.
Thank you for your help. Have a great day.|Thank you for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Have a wonderful day!
Hey, I'm up south can you give me a place to eat?|What kind of food would you like?
Don't care.|I recommend Chiquito Restaurant Bar
Can I have the address and telephone number?|Chiquito Restaurant Bar is located at 2G Cambridge Leisure Park Cherry Hinton Road Cherry Hinton.  The phone number is 01223 400170.
THAT WILL BE FINE.|You're welcome, goodbye.
Can I get information on places to stay in the north that have free internet?|Sure, do you prefer a guesthouse or a hotel?
I don't have a preference. I will need parking too.|I would suggest this place arbury lodge guesthouse. Is that okay?
getme its price range, phone number and hotel type|Arbury Lodge guesthouse is a GUESTHOUSE in the moderate price range, and the phone is 01223364319.
Do you have any restaurants near there with Chinese food?|There are three. Did you have a preference for price?
I would like somewhere moderately priced.|The Golden Wok suits your needs. Would you like me to make a reservation?
Yes please. Can you book a for a table of 5 at 17:30 on Monday?|The reservation was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes and your reference number is 42ARMODJ. Anything else?
No. I am all set thank you.|Ok great, have a wonderful day!
I want a moderately priced restaurant in the east part of town. What is the phone number?|Would you prefer Indian food or Italian food?
I don't care. Give me their phone number.|Curry Prince is a moderately priced restaurant in the east part of town that serves Indian food. Would you like the phone number?
Yes give me the phone number.|The phone number for Curry Prince is 01223 566388.
Awesome, thank you! Goodbye!|You're welcome, goodbye.
What can you tell me about Magdalene College?|Magdalene College is located in the west area of town. There is no entrance fee.
Thank you for your help.|You're welcome. Let us know if you need anything else.
I do, actually. I'd also like to find a good place to dine in the east. Do you know of any Swiss restaurants in that area?|Unfortunately there doesn't seem to be any Swiss options in the east. Could I help you with anything else?
Hmm, I was really looking forward to Swiss food. Ok, how about an indian restaurant in the east instead?|That we can do. We have two moderately priced and two expensive Indian restaurants in the east.
what are the two expensive indian restaurants?|Sitar Tandoori and Pipasha Restaurant are the expensive options.
Could you please book a table at Sitar Tandoori for 4 people on Sunday?|Of course! What time would you prefer?
I would like the booking to be for 13:00 .|I am sorry I was unable to book that.  Is there another day or time that works for you?
That's okay, maybe 12:00 will work? Try that please?|I booked you for 4 at 12.00 on Sunday. Your reference number is YJCTZH5F. Can I help you with anything else?
Yes, I also need a taxi to take me from the college to the restaurant by the reservation time.|Ok I have a blue toyota picking you up the contact number is 07029466414
Thank you for all your help. I have all the information I need. Goodbye|You're welcome. Enjoy your day.
I am looking for an expensive restaurant serving mediterranean food.|I have found two expensive mediterranean restaurants, La Mimosa and Shiraz Restaurant. Both are in the centre area. Would you like more information on either one of these restaurants?
Is there anything else?|No sir. That's all I have
Thank you goodbye.|Thank you, have a nice day!
Help me find a place to stay that has free parking and in moderate price range please.|What part of town would you like to stay in?
I do not really care but would like it to have a 3 star rating.|hamilton lodge	 is located in the north at 156 chesterton road. Want me to book it?
No thanks. I will need the phone number please. Also, do they have internet?|Hamilton lodge does have free wifi and their phone number is 01223365664.
Great. I also need a restaurant in the same price range. I'd like it to be a british place.|May I suggest the Oak Bistro located at 6 Lensfield Road.
could I have the  area and phone number|It is 01223323361.
Great.  Thanks.  Last thing, can you tell me what area of town that's in?|sure it's in the centre part of town, anything else?
That's all. Thanks!|You're welcome! Have a great day!
Thanks so much. Goodbye|Thank you so much for calling Cambridge TownInfo centre! We hope you enjoy your time in Cambridge!
Can you find me something cheap in the south part of town?|What is the food type you would prefer?
I do not care about the type of food.|Nandos is a cheap restaurant in the south part of town, serving Portuguese food.
Is there anything else?|the lucky star is a cheap price range, south area chinese restaurant
What is the address?|The lucky star is located at cambridge leisure park clifton way cherry hinton. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Thanks, good bye|Have a nice day!  Goodbye.
I am looking for a restaurant that serves Mexican food and located in the south part of town.|Chiquito Restaurant Bar serves Mexican food.  It's an expensive restaurant in the south part of town.
What is the address, phone number, and postcode?|Chiquito restaurant bar is located at 2G Cambridge leisure park cherry hinton road cherry hinton. Its phone number is 01223 400170 and the postcode is CB17DY. Is there anything else I can help with?
Nope, that's all I need, thank you very much!|You're welcome.
Is there a moderately priced restaurant in the north part of town?|There are two moderately priced restaurants in the north part of town, Golden Wok, a Chinese restaurant, and The Nirala, an Indian restaurant. Would you like more information on either of these?
Yes I would like the phone number of the Nirala.|The phone number for the Nirala is 01223 360966. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes. I would like the address of the Nirala please?|The address you want is 7 Milton Road Chesterton. How else may I help you?
What is the postcode?|The postcode of the nirala is C.B 2, 1 U.J.
I think that's all I need, thank you for your help.|Thank you. Goodbye.
I need to book a train leaving from London Kings cross.|What day were you wanting to travel on?
I need to leave after 11:30 on tuesday. I'm traveling to cambridge.|I have 6 entires. TR3456 leaves at 13:17. Does that work for you?
Yes can I get the price on that?|Yes, it's 23.60 pounds per ticket.
Can you find me a restaurant that serves afghan food and is located in the east?|I'm sorry we don't have any Afghan restaurants in the east area. Would you like to try a different type of food or a different area?
How about Italian food?|The only Italian place in the east is Pizza Hut Fen Ditton. Would you like more information?
i want to book a table for 4 people at 21:00 on the same day as the train.|Your reservation is all set! Your reference number is EV3K4Q4D. Is there anything else I can help you with?
That is all thank you goodbye|Okay great. I'm glad I could be of help.
I'm looking for a place to dine that serves gastropub food. I want it to be expensive.|We have 3 options in Cambridge for expensive gastropub food. Would you prefer a place in the centre or in the east?
I'd like to dine in the center of town, please.|I have two in the centre, the Backstreet bistro and The Slug and Lettuce.  Would you like for me to make you a reservation?
Could you give me the address and phone number for the Slug and Lettuce please.|The slug and lettuce is located at 34 - 35 Green Street, postcode cb23ju. I'm sorry our system does not list their phone number. Is there anything else?
I wish you could provide their phone number. But other than that you've given me everything I need to know. Thank you goodbye.|You're quite welcome! Thanks for contacting the Cambridge TownInfo Centre and have a great day!
Find me a place called maharajah tandoori restaurant, please|Yes, maharajah tandoori restaurant serves Indain food and is located in the west.  They are the expensive price range.  Would you like to book a table there?
Yes, please book a table for 3 at 12:15 on Monday.|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Reference number is : QOES657A.
Great thank you|No thank you that will be all
I want to find a moderately priced restaurant in the west part of town. What is the address?|Meghna is in the west part of town and in the moderate price range.  Their address is 205 Victoria road, Chesterton.
Thank you. Goodbye.|You're welcome. Have a good day!
Hello, I'm trying to find a restaurant called anatolia. Do you have any info about it?|It's a Turkish place in the centre that's moderately expensive. What else would you like to know?
Can you book a table there for me?|Of course! Will you give me a day and time? And how many in your party?
It would be for Monday for 5 people at 18:15 if possible.|Unfortunately, they are fully booked at that time. Can I try another time for you?
How about the same day at 17:15.  Is that available?  I'll also need a train departing stevenage and should arrive by 10:15.|I was able to book at table at Anatolia. Monday at 17:15 for 5 people, reference number 62W1W1V0. What destination would you like for the train from Stevenage?
Cambridge please.|TR8306 leaves for Cambridge Friday 05:54
May I have information for an italian restaurant in the east part of town?|yes sure. there is only on italian restaurant called pizza hut fen ditton in the east. What else do you want to know?
What is their address please?|The address for pizza hut fen ditton is Cambridge Retail Park Newmarket Road Fen Ditton.  Can I help you with anything else?
Thank you, goodbye.|Thank you.
Are there any high end restaurants within the centre of town?|There are 33 places in Centre that meet that criteria, do you have a specific cuisine in mind?
No I do  not can you recommend one please?|How about the Bedouin? They serve African cuisine.
That would be perfect if it is in expensive range. I need to book it for sunday.|great, how many people will be in your party?
There will be 6 of us.  16:15, if possible.|OK, your table is booked, ref#1GRC21JW. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Yes, can you help me find a train to get me to the Stansted Airport on Monday?|yes! from where will you  be departing?
I will go from Cambridge to Stansted Airport.|What time do you need to leave or arrive by?
i will need to arrive by 19:00 on monday.|The TR3571 can get you there by 18:08, is that ok?
Yes, please give me the price.|it will cost 10.10 pounds
Thank you that is all I need.|Thanks for letting us assist you today! Enjoy your trip! Goodbye.
Hello, do you know of any boat attractions in the East of town?|Camboats is a boat attraction in the east area of town. Would you like more information about them?
Yeah, can I get the entrance fee and postcode?|I don't have any information on their entrance fee, but their postcode is cb58sx.
I can give Camboats a call. Do you have their phone number?|Yes, they can be reached at 01223902112.  Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, I'm also looking for a moderately priced italian restaurant preferably in the same area as camboats|There is one option here. It is pizza hut fen ditton. Would you like a table reserved?
Yes. There will be 6 of us dining.|What day and time do you want me to book it for?
Monday, 14:15. Please include the reference number.|Your booking was successful, here is your reference number JLI059GG.
Thanks, that'll be it for me today. Bye!|Thanks for contacting us enjoy your stay with us!
I've got a craving for some pasta. Can you find me a good Italian restaurant on the west side of the city?|I have two different ones that are great. One is cheaper and the other is moderately priced. Do you have a preference?
Yes, definitely the cheap one.|That's the la margherita. Do you want me to book a reservation?
Yes, please! I'd like it for 15:15 on Thursday for 7 people.|Booked! Reference number: S22TYNUQ. The table is reserved for 15 minutes.
Great. I also need a train to stevenage.|Yes, there are 70 different options  Do you have a preference for day, and time?
Yes, I'd like to leave Cambridge on Friday, sometime after 12:30.|There is a train that leaves at 1:21pm and arrives at 2:10pm. Do you want me to book?
That won't be necessary.|Is there anything more I can help you with?
No, that will be all thank you for your help.|Thank you so much for using our services! Goodbye.
I'm looking for a restaurant that serves Turkish food.|There are 3 Turkish restaurants in the centre, what is your price range?
I'm not picky about the price.  Could you recommend one and give me the price range?|Sure. I recommend Efes Restaurant. It's menu is moderately priced and easy on the wallet.
I also need a guesthouse with 4 stars.|Which side of town would you prefer?
In the same area as the restaurant, centre.  In prefer a cheap price range.|The alexander bed and breakfast meets your needs and has breakfast!  Need a reservation?
Can I have the number to the hotel?|Their phone number is 01223525725.
Can you tell me their address and let me know whether or not they have internet there?|Sure, the address for Alexander Bed and Breakfast is 56 Saint Barnabas Road, cb12de. They offer free Wifi and free parking. Can I help with anything else?
That sounds great thank you.|May I assist you with something else, today?
No,that's all.Thanks and have a good day|You are very welcome. And you have a great day as well. Goodbye
I'm looking for a place to stay in cambridge, free parking and wifi should be included|I have tons of options available. Is there a particular area you would like?
No, but I do prefer a guesthouse.|What about price range?
Can you tell me which one is your favorite, and let me know the price range and address for that one?|The acorn guest house is in a moderate price range and the address is 154 chesterton road.
I am also looking for a restaurant that serves indian food in the east area.|There are 4 restaurants that match your description. Any opinion on price?
I would like something moderately priced please.|There is the Curry Prince and Rajmahal which meet your criteria.
Pick one for me. I want to book it for myself on friday at 16:15.|I booked Curry Prince for you for Friday at 16:15, table for one, reference number G6570XEX. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Perfect, that is all that I need.  Thank you so much for your help!|You're welcome, can I help you with anything else?
No, thank you!|Just let us if you need additional assistance in the future.  Goodbye.
Hi, what can you tell me about a restaurant called the golden curry?|The golden curry is an Indian restaurant that is expensive and located at Mill Road City Centre. The phone number is 01223329432.
That sounds fine. Can you book it for 5 people at 13:00 this Friday?|There's no table available at 13:00. Would you like me to try a different time?
Yes, can you try at 12:00 please?|The booking was successful they will hold the table for 15 minutes. You're reference number is OST7VJZE is there anything else you need?
I need to book a train too.|I would love to help find you the perfect train! Where will you be departing from and where will you be heading?
Yes, I'd like a train going to Cambridge and arriving by 09:30, please.|Where will you be departing from?
broxbourne. This is on friday, by the way.|Okay I only got you 1 ticket. Your reference number is G1DHVW6A. Is there anything else that I can help you with today?
No thank you. I appreciate the help.|You are welcome. I was glad to assist you.
Please call again if you need more help.|Please call again if you need more help.
Are there restaurants in the city centre which serve North American cuisine?|There is one expensive restaurant called gourmet burger kitchen would you like me to book that for you?
Yes, thanks!|What day and time would you like me to book it?
I need it booked for 8 people on Sunday at 15:45. I'd also like to have the reference number.|Your booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes only. Your reference number is HJCYIRG6. Can I help you with anything else?
Yes. I am looking for a train that departs from Cambridge on Monday.|Where will you be going?
I need to get to Stevenage by 16:45.|Train ID TR1898 will have you arriving at Stevenage at 14:10. It leaves Cambridge at 13:21.
That's just perfect. Can you buy our tickets? Same group of people as the gourmet burger kitchen.|I have purchased 8 tickets for you. The reference number is PWMD3SIU.
Thank you that is all I needed today.|Have a good day.  Thank you for using our service.
Thank you, I hope you have a good day as well!|It's been a pleasure. Good day and goodbye.
I am looking for a caribbean restaurant in the centre of the city.|Regretfully, there are no caribbean restaurants in the centre. Would you like to try something else?
Are there any caribbean restaurants in any other part of town?|I am sorry there are none in any area of town,is there another type of food you would be interested in?
Sure, a turkish restaurant in the moderate price range would be great.|I have 2 turkish restaurants in the centre. The anatolia or efes restaurant are both moderate. Would you like me to book one for you?
Yes, book me The Anatolia for 8 people at 12:00 on Friday.|I'm sorry, there are no available seats at that time. Would you like to try Efes restaurant?
Yes please try booking that.|Yes I was able to get you into that restaurant and your reference number is  46AL3F0C.
Great! Thank you so much for your help. That will be all.|Okay. Great. Enjoy your lunch.
Hi! I am looking to find information about the Cambridge University Botanic gardens.|Yes they are located at Bateman street and their telephone is 01223336265. The entrance fee is 4 pounds. Is there anything else you would like to know?
Thank you. What area is that in, and what type of attraction is it?|The gardens are considered a park and located in the centre.
Thank you. Do you have any good korean restaurants listed?|There is one Korean restaurant in the city centre and it is expensive.  Would you like me to make you a reservation?
How about Thai food instead?|I've got Sala Thong in the west and Bangkok City in the centre, both expensive. Would you like more information, or for me to make a booking?
Sala Thong will do. I would like to book a table for 2 people at 12:30 on Saturday.|Your reference number is Q2VLO8SN.
Thank you. That's all I need for today.|You are welcome, if you need anything else, please contact us.
I need a place to stay. What's available on the west side, with free wifi?|There are 2 hotels and 2 guesthouses with free wifi in the west side. Which type of place do you want?
I'm looking for something with a 4 star rating and also free parking. Is anything like that available?|How about price range what do you prefer there?
I prefer a hotel rather than a guest house. Any price range is fine as long as it meets my other criteria. Can you make a suggestion?|How about the Huntingdon Marriott hotel. It's address is kingfisher way hinchinbrook business park, huntingdon, postcode pe296fl. Would you like to make a reservation?
Yes, I do need a reservation.|How many people and how long will your stay be for?
6 people and for a week.|What day will you be checking in?
I will want to start from Monday on.|Okay the booking was successful starting on Monday for a week for six people.  Your reference number is 6J7RDABU. Anything else I can help you with?
I also need information about a restaurant don pasquale pizzeria.|This is an italian restaurant.  Their phone number is 01223350106  Their addres is 12 Market Hill City Centre CB23NJ. May I make a reservation for you?
Yes please. I need a table for 3 at 11:30 on Monday.|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : JRA6G1IN. Anything else I can help you with?
I need to get a taxi. I want to go from the Huntingdon to get to Don Pasquale by 11:30.|Booking completed!
Booked car type	:	red lexus
Contact number	:	07029440032
That will be all for today! Thanks so much for your help!|Have a nice day.
I need a place to stay, preferably a guesthouse with free wifi|Sure, is there a particular part of town you prefer?
Still deciding that part but would definitely need the expensive price range.|It looks like there are no expensive guesthouses with free wi-fi. Are there any other place you would be interested in?
Can you find any expensive hotels then?|There are 5 hotels that match your request. To help you further I will need to know what part of town you want to be in.
The part of town does not really matter to me. Can you recommend something please and let me know whether or not they have free parking?|huntingdon marriott hotel is a 4 star hotel that would fit all your needs. It does have free parking. It is located in the west. Would you like me to book you a room?
Not at the moment. I need info on a place to dine, in the centre area that serves Italian food.|Okay.  Well, Italian restaurants are pretty popular in that area as there are many to choose from.  Do you care about the price range?
no. recommend and give me the price range, postcode and phone number|Okay, sure.  There's a great restaurant called Pizza Express located at Regent Street City Centre.  They are moderately priced and their phone number is 01223324033.
Thank you goodbye|enjoy your stay in cambridge
I am needing to find a place to stay while traveling in Cambridge. I would like a guesthouse that is 4 stars.|I have results for 5 guesthouses, which part of town are you looking to stay in, and do you need parking?
I don't care about the part of town, but I do want free parking.|I have found 16 guesthouse style hotels. Is there a specific area you would like or price range?
Like I said I needed a guesthouse with 4 stars... Location and price don't matter.|The acorn guest house meets your criteria. Would you like to book a room?
Please do. It will be a 3 night stay for 4 people.|What day would you like to start your stay?
On wednesday please|Okay, I've booked that for you.  Your reference number is 5X06NQ04.
I am also hoping to find a place to eat in the centre that isn't too expensive. Do you have any suggestions for modern european food?|There are 2 restaurants in the moderate price range, and 1 that is cheap. Which pricing is preferable to you?
Give me the postcode, phone number and address of one of the moderately priced ones|De Luca Cuccina and Bar is located at 83 Regent Street, cb21aw and the phone number is 01223356666. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Perfect! That's all I need, thank you.|You are welcome. I hope you enjoy your stay.
I am looking for a place to go in town.  I would like to find a museum.|Do you have a preference for the area of town you wish to visit?
The centre would be great|The centre is abounding in museums. There are 11 options all with no entrance fee. Do you have a particular interest?
Could you recommend one to me and provide their phone number and entrance fee?|Primavera's phone number is 01223357708. The entrance is free.
Can you give me the address to museum and the schedule a taxi to take me there.|The address is 10 king s parade. At what time would you like the taxi?
I apologize. I do not need a taxi. What I do need is a restaurant in the same area as the museum, please.|Sure, I can help you with that.  What kind of food were you looking for?
I'm looking for a restaurant that serves world food.  Do you see anything for that?|I have nothing with world food. Do you have another preference ?
Well, how about a restaurant that serves gastropub food?|There are 3 places available. Do you have a preference on price range?
Yes, an expensive place would be fine. Thank you|The Backstreet Bistro is a nice place,do you want their number ?
I need to find a cheap place to eat in Cambridge.|I have lots of options for you. Do you prefer a certain area or type of food?
Cheap world food, please.|We don't have any of those unfortunately. Would you like to try another type of cuisine?
Yeah, how about a Mediterranean restaurant in the centre of town?|I have three places, would you prefer it still be cheap or would expensive work as well?
I would still like cheap please.|That would be the gardenia, at 2 Rose Crescent City Centre. Would you like me to make a reservation?
Can you give me the postcode, please?|Certainly.  The post code is cb2311
I also need a place to stay in the centre. 1 star, please.|I don't have any 1 star hotels but I have a 0 star hotel called El Shaddai in the Centre. Would you like me to book it for you?
How about any with 4 stars?|Alexander bed and breakfast is a cheap 4 star guesthouse in the centre.  Will that be okay?
Yes, please book me for one person. Do they have internet and what is their phone number?|Yes, they offer free internet and parking. Their phone number is 01223525725. In order to book that for you, can you tell me what day you want to start your stay?
I do not need the hotel booked, but I do need to schedule a taxi to take me from the hotel to the restaurant.|Okay, when would you like to arrive by?
I would like to leave the hotel by 02:45.|Great! You're booked with a black tesla and the contact number is 07413441845. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, I think that covers it all. Thanks so much for your help.|You're welcome. Have a great day! Goodbye.
Thank you. Have a great day!|You are very welcome! I hope you enjoy your trip and you can always let us know if you need any more assistance.
I would like a restaurant in the west part of town.|There are 14 restaurants that are in the west area of town. What kind of food would you like?
English food, please.|No restaurants serving English food are located in the west part of town. Would you like me to check for a different location or cuisine?
How about british food?|Graffiti is a British restaurant located in the west part of town and in the expensive price range.   Would you like their address?
Yes, please. And can you also give me their phone number?|Certainly. The phone number for Graffiti is 01223 277977 and address is hotel felix whitehouse lane huntingdon road .
I need the address, too.|The address is Hotel Felix Whitehouse Lane Huntingdon Road
Thank you goodbye.|thank you good bye
Hello, I am looking for an expensive restaurant that is on the east side of town.|Grafton Hotel restaurant is an expensive restaurant in the east part of town.
What is the postcode?|The postcode of grafton hotel restaurant is C.B 2, 1 U.J.
What is the address, phone number, and type of food?|The Grafton Hotel restaurant serves British food. It is located at Grafton Hotel 619 Newmarket Road Fen Ditton, and it's phone number is 01223 241387.
Great, thank you!|Do you need any further information?
No thank you.  Goodbye!|Thank you.  Have a nice day.
You too!|Bye.
Hello I am looking for a high-class super fancy pricey restaurant that serves south Indian food. Any suggestions would be great.|There are 14 restaurants that match your criteria, any preference in area?
I just want it to be south indian food. I don't mind what area it's in.|Ok great.  The Curry Garden is highly recommended.  It is in the Centre.  Are you looking to reserve a table?
Yes.  I would like to book a table on Wednesday for 6 people at 11:00.|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Reference number is : FPQJQM5F.  Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
Yes. I also would like to stay at a 4 star location in the north please|There are no locations that meet your criteria in that area. Would you like to search in another location?
I don't believe you. check again.  I also want free wifi.|There are no hotels, but there are 8 guesthouses which meet your requirements. Would a guesthouse be okay?
That is great. Which do you recommend?|I recommend the acorn guest house.  How does that sound?
Sounds good, can I please have their postcode and the price range?|They are a moderate priced guesthouse with free parking and internet in the cb41da post code. Would you like me to make a reservation for there?
I'll have to think about it. Thank you for all your help.|You're welcome. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
No that will be all thank you.|You are welcome enjoy.
Hello, I'm traveling to Cambridge from Stansted Airport on Saturday and need to find a train.|Great! One of these trains should work, thank you and goodbye
Um, one of what trains should work? Hello?|I'm very sorry for the confusion, there are 19 trains travelling to cambridge on saturday, do you need to depart or arrive at any particular time?
I would like to depart stansted airport saturday and arrive in Cambridge by 12:00. Could you also let me know the cost?|All trips arriving by 12:00 cost 8.08 pounds. Is there a specific time you would like to depart?
No, instead I'd like to find a gastropub restaurant in the centre. Can you help me with that?|Yes definitely. I have 3 to choose from. Some are expensive and one is in the moderate price range. Do you have preference/
No.  Just choose one and give me the phone number and address please.|No problem. The Backstreet Bistro is at 2 Sturton Street City Centre. They're phone number is 01223306306. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
I also need to know what the price range is for this restaurant.|This restaurant is expensive.  Can I help you with anything else?
That will be all. Thank you for your help.|Not a problem! Have a great day now!
I need the address, phone number and postcode for a moderately priced restaurant serving international food.|How about the varsity restaurant, they are located at 35 Saint Andrews Street City Centre, postcode C.B 2, 3 A.R, phone number is 01223 356060.
Thank you goodbye.|Goodbye.
I'm going to Cambridge and I need a train that arrives by 16:00.|Where will you be departing from and what time will you be leaving?
I will be departing from stansted airport and I want to leave on thursday|OK, the TR3076 train arrives at 15:52. Would you like to book that one or consider other options?
Yeah, book that one.|How many tickets would you like me to book for you?
i want to book for six people. i also want a restaurant. The restaurant should serve northern european food and should be in the centre|I have made the train reservations your reference number is HHQDGA03.
Thank you. I'm also looking for a restaurant that serves northern european food in the centre.|I have several options what price range were you looking for?
How about northern european?|I'm sorry, I was mistaken. I do not have a Northern European restaurant in the centre of town.
Okay, how about italian food?|Yes I have 9 to choose from. What price range would you like?
Probably cheap would be best|There are several to choose from. There's Pizze Hut City Centre, Ask, and also Zizzi Cambridge. Does one of those sound good?
Can you pick one for me?|Absolutely! I really enjoy Zizzi cambridge. Would you like me to make a reservation there for you?
Sure. Sounds good. I need to book it for the same group of people on the same day at 20:15. Can I please have the reference number as well?|Booking was successful. Reference number is : BE27DMZM.
Thanks for your help! That is all I needed today.|May I look anything else up for you?
That is all I need today good bye.|Thank you goodbye.
I need a train on wednesday to try some of the local restaurants in cambridge.|I can assist, where will you be coming from and do you have a time preference?
I am departing from London Kings Cross and need to arrive by 16:30.|The earliest that I can get would be an arrival time at 14:08. How many tickets please?
How much are the tickets?|Each ticket is 23.60 pounds.
Please book it for 1 person please.|The reference number is F2ODHQYM.
Great! Can you also find me a moderately-priced restaurant on the north side of town?|I have listings for 2 both in the north of town.
Can you give me a phone number and post code for whichever one you like the best?|I recommend the Golden Wok located at 181 Histon Road Chesterton, post code cb43hl, and their phone number is 01223350688.
Thank you , that will do it .  I appreciate the help.|You're so welcome. Have a nice day! Goodbye!
Hello, I am looking for a cheap place to dine in the centre.|We have lots of those!  Is there a particular type of food you'd like?
not really but i need it for 3 people|I recommend La Raza - fantastic (and cheap!) Spanish cuisine. I'd be happy to book a table for you, if you like.
Yes for 3 at 14:45 wednesday, can I get the reference number too please|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : IBTN1DDC.
Thanks. I also need a cheap place to stay in the center.|That gives you two options. Both are guesthouses. Both offer free parking and free wifi. The Alexander B&B is 4 star rated. The El Shaddai has a 0 rating.
What is the price of the Alexander?|It is a cheap place.
ok, i need to book it for the same day.|Okay for how many nights and how many people?
3 nights, 3 people, please.|You are all booked for the alexander bed and breakfast! Your reference number is 66XCD1XW. Is there anything else you need?
I would like a taxi from the hotel to the restaurant. I would like to arrive by 14:45. I would like the contact number and car type.|Okay. Your booking was successful. The car type is blue Lexus. The contact number is 07881581074.
Okay thank you,that's all I need for now.|Thank you for using our service today.
Thank you so much.|Have a wonderful day.
You have a wonderful day as well and again, thank you!|You're very welcome! Bye!
Yes I am looking for a expensive place to dine in the centre of Cambridge|We have quite a few expensive restaurants...what type of foods are you interested in?
I am not particular about the type of food. I need it in Centre though.|There are 33 expensive restaurants in the centre.  Are you sure we can't narrow it down by type of food?
Yes, just give me a name. I'd also like to know what type of food it serves. Once I know all that I need the postcode.|How about Midsummer house restaurant? It is british food and the postcode is cb41ha.
Are there any moderately priced hotels in town?|The ashley hotel is in the north and has a moderate price range.
Does it include free wifi?  What is the star rating?|The Ashley has 2 star and offers both free wifi and free parking.
Do you have any 4 star, moderately priced hotels in that area?|No, there are no 4 star hotels in the north in that price range. Would you like to change the pricerange or area?
How about one with the same features but in the expensive price range?|The Acorn Guest House is a moderately priced 4 star hotel in the north with free internet and parking. Does that work for you?
Yes, I also need postcode, the area of the hotel and leave the restaurant by 20:15. I need a taxi to commute between both, the contact number and car type.|Let's start with the Acorn Guest House information. The postcode for that is cb41da and the hotel is located in the north.
Okay thank you. Now about that taxi?|Ok, for the taxi. Do you need one going from the Acorn to the Midsummer House or from the Midsummer House to the Acorn Guest House?
From the Acorn to the Midsummer House.|Okay, I've got a red Tesla for you with contact number 07378062767 leaving at 20:15.
Thank you for all your help. Good bye!|You're very welcome, have a great day!
I would like to find a restaurant named Tandoori Palace. Do you know of that restaurant?|I do. It's a very nice Indian restaurant on the West side.
Can you give me the postcode for it please?|The postcode is cb43le. May I help you with anything else?
That will be all, thanks. Goodbye!|You're welcome! Have a great day! Goodbye.
Hi! I'm looking for a cheap restaurant in the north, any type!|There is Royal Spice which serves Indian food and Da Vinci Pizzeria which serves Italian food. Would you like me to book you a table at either of these restaurants?
Royal Spice sounds good. Can you reserve a table for 8 at 15:45 on Saturday?|Unfortunately, I was not able to book for that specific time and day. Can I try a different day or time for you?
How about at 14:45?|I've booked it for that day on Saturday. Reference number 9PVIPW1Y. Anything else?
No, you have been very helpful. Thanks, goodbye.|Thank you, and have a great day!
I'm planning my trip and I need a train that leaves on saturday from norwich.|There is a train that leaves from Norwich to Cambridge on Saturday at 5:16. It will arrive to Cambridge at 6:35.
I need something that arrives by 08:45.|I have train TR6560 that arrives at 08:35 is that good for you?
That sounds good, can you book for 8 people please?|I have your seats reserved.  The total fee is 112.64 GBP payable at the station and your reference number is 9MVEG3RD.  Is there anything else I can help with?
Thanks so much.  Yes, I am trying to find a place to eat also.|Sure, I can help with that.  Did you have a particular kind of food in mind?
I would like Korean food.|I have a listing for little seoul it is in the centre and expensive.
Is there anything more moderately priced available by way of Korean food?|I'm sorry. little seoul is the only korean restaurant around.
How about a restaurant in the moderate price range that serves Italian food?|I have 5 to choose from. Did you prefer a certain area of town so that we can narrow it down?
Just pick one and give me:  phone number and postcode|Okay, how about pizza hut cherry hinton. Their phone number is 01223323737 and the post code is cb17dy.
That will work! Thanks so much. Take care. Bye.|Thank you for contacting us and have a nice day.
I'm looking to go to dinner tonight and am in the mood for some good Bistro in the centre of town, can you find me some options?|I'm sorry. There is no matching restaurant. Would you like to try a different food type or area?
Hmm... let me think. Let's try maybe something italian instead.|There are nine Italian restaurants in the centre of town!  Are you looking for an Italian restaurant in any particular price range?
Which of those nine has the best ratings? Can I please have the address and postcode.|I recommend Caffe Uno - it's very nice. They're at 32 Bridge Street City Centre, cb21uj. Can I help with anything else?
No, that's all. Thanks.|Thank you! Goodbye.
I would like a malaysian restaurant in the centre of town.|Sorry there are no Malasian resturants in the area you are looking for. Can I help you with something elese.
How about Korean food in the Centre of town?|Little Seoul is a korean restaurant in the centre of town. Would you like their phone number?
Yes, and their address.|The address for Little Seoul is 108 Regent Street City Centre.
Thank you, goodbye.|Enjoy!
Are there any Turkish restaurant in the Centre location?|There are 3 options available to you.  Is there a specific price range you are looking for?
No,could you recommend one and give me the address, price range, and postcode.|How about the moderately priced Anatolia?  The address is 30 Bridge Street, cb21uj. Would you like me to book that?
No thank you.  I also need to find a train going to Leicester.|Sure thing where will you be traveling from, and what day and time will you be traveling?
I'll be leaving from Cambridge on Tuesday. I'd like to get to Leicester by 18:00 please.|TR0469 arrives by 17:06, would you like me to book you passage?
Not yet. What is the price and travel time?|The price for that one is 37.80 pounds and the travel time is a little under 2 hours
Can you be more specific on the travel time. I have a tight schedule to keep. Can you tell me in minutes?|The exact travel time is 105 minutes.
Thank you. Can you make the booking?|Yes I can make the booking for you.  How many people will be traveling?
You know what, don't worry about it, the trains are never full, I'll just grab a ticket at the station.|Okay, is there anything else I can help you with today?
I think that was all the information I needed for now.|Ok.  Just let us know if you need anything else.  Have a great day!
Hello, I am looking for a venetian restaurant in the centre of town.|There are no restaurants serving Venetian food in the centre part of town. Would you like me to check another part of town?
How about thai food?|what is the price range you are looking for?
I don't care.|Bangkok City serves Thai food in the centre of town. Would you like an additional information regarding this restaurant?
Can I get the address and phone number, please?|bangkok city's address is 24 Green Street City Centre and their phone number is 01223 354382
Thank you, goodbye|No, thank you! Enjoy!
I would like a cheap restaurant that serves malaysian food|I'm sorry, there are no restaurants in the city that serve Malaysian food.  Can I help you find another restaurant?
Is there a cheap european restraunt?|Yes. I found the river bar steakhouse and grill. It is a cheap restaurant serving modern european food and in the centre of town. Would you like the address and phone number?
Of course|the river bar steakhouse and grill is located at quayside off bridge street and its phone number is 01223307030. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, and thank you for your help.  Goodbye.|Our pleasure. Please call again. Goodbye.
I am looking for an expensive restaurant that serves British food please.|I have found 6 restaurants for you would you like a specific area of town?
No, it doesn't matter.  Can you reserve one of them for Sunday at 13:00?  I will be dining alone.|Alright, I got you a table at the Graffiti. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes and the reference number is: FAVAELU5. Do you need the address or phone number?
No, that is all I need, thank you.|Great. Have a great day!
Yes, I need help finding a restaurant. Preferably a nice, expensive one in the south.|Great! I've found 5 different restaurants in the south that will suit your needs. Do you like Italian food?
No, I was actually looking for an Indian restaurant. Is there one?|The taj tandoori serves indian food. Is there anything else?
Can you please book me a table for one at 16:30 on Sunday?|Okay you are all booked for a party of one at 16:30 on Sunday at taj tandoori.  Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, please. I need a train to broxbourne.|In case you need it, your reservation reference# is A3D8IGZ1. Now for a train. What day and time would you like to travel on, and will you be departing from Cambridge?
Yes, I will leave Cambridge on Monday sometime after 18:15.|TR2292 departs at 20:01 and arrives at 21:01.  Would that work?
Yes please book me a seat and I will need a reference number please.|I have booked you a seat for one on the TR2292 depearting Cambridge for Broxbourne on Monday at 19:01. Your reference is D9IK9LXA.  Is there anything more today?
No, that will be all. Thank you for your help. Have a great day!|Thank you for using Cambridge TownInfo centre.  Please remember us for all of your future travel needs.
I would like a cheap restaurant in the west part of town|There are two cheap restaurants in the west part of town. One is italian and one is vietnamese. Which one are you interested in?
Can you give me the telephone number of the vietnamese restaurant?|The Vietnamese restaurant's name is Thanh Binh, the phone number is 01223 362456. Can I help you with anything else?
Can you give me the address for Thanh Binh as well please?|Thanh Binh is at 17 Magdalene Street City Centre.
Thank you. Goodbye.|Thank you for calling us today. Goodbye.
Hi, can you help me with my planning?  I am looking for a restaurant.|Sure, are you looking for anything specific?
I would like an indian restaurant in the north.|There are two restaurants that meet your criteria. Would you prefer the one in the moderate price range or the one in the cheap price range?
I would like the one in the cheap price range. Can you book it for me?|I have one listing her for royal spice. Would you like to make a booking?
I would love that, I need it for 1 person at 17:30 on Wednesday, please include a reference number.|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : AGK03VYR. Is there anything more I can do for you today?
While I am in the north part of town, I'd like some help finding something to do.  Is there a popular attraction around?|There is the Riverboat Georgina which is located in the North.  I'm not sure if it's free or if they charge anything.
Hello. I'm looking for a place to dine tonight. I wouldn't like anything expensive, and I'd prefer something in the city center.|Great, I've found 15 different restaurants that are cheap in the centre. Is Would you like a chinese Restaurant?
Yes, a Chinese restaurant would be great. Could you please give me the telephone number?|The telephone number to a cheap Chinese restaurant in the city centre is 01223361763.
Is there anything else I can help you with?|Would you like me to book something for you?
No thank you. I will call them myself.|Can I do anything else for you today?
Yes, I would like to find a cheap place to stay that has 4 stars and has free parking.|I have found 8 places that match what you want, would you like me to book one of them for you?
No thanks, but I do need the phone number of one of those hotels, please. Oh, and can you tell me if they have free wifi?|Allenbell has free WiFi, and their phone number is 01223210353
Thank you, now all I need is transportation from the restaurant to the staying place. I would like to leave at 24:15.|I have booked White Skoda taxi service to take you from the Chinese restaurant to the hotel.  Their contact number is 07692230366.
Thank you.  Can you verify what type of vehicle will be transporting us?|Yes, it will be a White Skoda.
Thank you for your help today, it is greatly appreciated.|Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Nope. Thats it. Thanks. Good day to you. Bye.|Your are very welcome! Enjoy your stay!
I am  traveling to Cambridge and looking forward to try local restaurants.|sure, i have so many options for you!
Great, what would you recommend for me?|I would recommend Bedouin,which serves African food and is in the expensive price range.
Can you give me addresss and phone number please|Bedouis is located in the centre of town. Their address is 100 Mill Road City Centre. Their phone number is 01223367660
Thanks for that. I also need a train to bishops stortford from cambridge. I need it to leave from cambridge on Friday.|Did you have a certain time you would like to leave after or arrive by?
Yes, I need to arrive at Bishops by 14:45.|I'm afraid there is no record for such trains, should we try for a different time?
Any arrival time would work so long as it gets to Bishops before 14:45.|TR8585 leaves cambridge at 13:29 and arrives in Bishops Stortford at 14:07. The price is 10.10 pounds. Would you like me to book it for you?
No but I am looking for a Lebanese restaurant in the city's center.|Ali Baba is the only lebanese restaurant in the centre of town in the moderate price range.
That sounds great.  I need to book it for 5 people at 11:45 on Friday.  Can I get the reference number please?|You're all set. Ali baba will be expecting the 5 of you at 11:45 on Friday. Your Reference number is : UHPZFTUK.
Thanks so much. That's all I needed today.|Thank you for using our service today!
I want to find a moderately priced restaurant serving european food.|de luca cucina and bar is in the centre part of town and in the moderate price range.
Is there anything else? give me the address and postcode please.|There is also the Cambridge Lodge Restaurant also has expensive european food in the centre area at Cambridge Lodge Hotel 139 Huntingdon Road City Centre postal code CB30DQ
What is the phone number?|Their phone number is 01223 355166.
ok thank you good bye|Thank you. Good bye
Thank you goodbye.|You're welcome.  Bye.
Hi there. I've heard great things about the Grafton Hotel Restaurant. Can you find me some details about it, please?|I can do that.  The Grafton hotel restaurant is located in the east area, it serves British and is in the expensive price range.
Can I get their phone number please?|Of course.  The phone number is 01223241387.  Do you need anything else?
I also need information about a train leaving from Leicester.|There are 133 trains leaving leicester. Can you be more specific?
Yes. I need a train going to Cambridge leaving after 19:15.|There are several trains departing from Leicester heading to Cambridge after 19:15.  What day would you like to leave?
I would like to leave on saturday.|I have narrowed the selection down to 4 trains.  Arrival times are 21:54, 22:54, 23:54, and 24:54.  What time would you prefer?
The 21:54 one, what's it's ID and travel time?|The Id is TR2292 and has a travel time of 105 minutes.
What's the arrival time for that?|The TR2292 departs Leicester at 20:09 and arrives in Cambridge at 21:54, for a trip duration of 105 minutes.
Okay thank you. That will be fine.|Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, that is all. have a nice day.|Thank you for contacting us and enjoy your visit.
I am looking for a restaurant in the centre serving modern European food.|I found 4 that you might be interested in.  What type of price are you looking for?
I don't have a preference on price, but how about expensive?|There is one restaurant that is considered expensive and it is Darrys Cookhouse and Wine Shop. Would you like to book a table there?
No that won't be necessary. I just need the phone number and postcode please.|The phone number for Darrys Cookhouse and Wine Shop is 01223505015 and their postcode is cb11ln. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No thanks. That did it. I appreciate the help. Goodbye!|Happy to help.  Goodbye.
I'm looking for a high scale chinese restaurant.|We have 9 expensive Chinese restaurants across town. Do you prefer a specfic part of town?
Yes, I do. I would like it to be in the north.|May I suggest Hakka, a very nice Chinese Restaurant in the north part of town. Shall I provide you with more information?
No but can I make a booking for 8 people at 18:30 on sunday.|I have made those reservations your reference number is  61KTQSEO.
Thank you so much for your help|You're welcome is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, get me some more information on magdalene college please|Yes their address is Magdalene Street and their telephone number is 01223332138.
What is their postcode?|The post code is cb41jy. Can I help with anything else?
Can I get a taxi from Magdalene to Hakka, please? I need to make sure I get there for that reservation.|Your taxi is a blue volkswagen . The contact number is 07121936050
Great! Thanks for all your help today! Goodbye|You're welcome! Have a great day!
I am looking for a restaurant called thanh binh in Cambridge.|Thanh Binh serves cheap vietnamese food and is located in the west. Would you like me to book you a table?
No thanks, can I have the phone number please?|Sure. The phone number is 0122362456. Can I be of further assistance?
Yes, I am searching for a particular attraction named old schools.|I have old schools located in centre. The entrance fee is free. Can I assist you with anything else today?
Yes, please provide more information about Old Schools.  What type of attraction is it?|Old Schools is a place to see some amazing architecture.
Could I get the address and postcode please?|It is located on Trinity Lane with a postcode of cb21tt. Can I be of further assistance?
I will need a taxi to commute between Thanh Binh and Old Schools. I need to leave Thanh Binh by 02:00.|I was able to book that taxi service for you. You will be in a yellow Tesla. The contact number for them is 07657268211.
Thank you very much! That's all for today.|Your welcome and goodbye!
Hello. I need a place to stay in Cambridge, in the centre that is 4 stars.|Would the university arms hotel work for you?  They're located on Regent St, downtown.
As long as it has wifi.Can you book it for me ?|It does have free wi-fi.  I would be happy to book it for you.  When will you check in, how many nights and how many guests?
I would like to check in on Monday and stay till Thursday.  Just me and my wife.|Will you be leaving on Thursday or will you be staying at the hotel Thursday evening?
I will be leaving on Thursday. Can you book and give me the reference number?|I was unable to book, do you want to add a day?
Are you sure you can't find me a hotel in the centre area, 4 stars, free wifi with availability for 2 people for three nights starting on monday?|I apologize. I was able to book the University Arms Hotel starting on Monday for 3 nights for you and your wife. The reference number is A4FZE39M.
Thanks!  I'd also like a vietnamese restaurant.  A cheap one, though.|The Thanh Binh is a cheap Vietnamese restaurant in the West, and it is located in 17 Magdalene Street City Centre cb30af.
May I have their phone number please?|Their phone number is 01223362456. Can I help you with anything else?
No that's all the information I need for now.  Thank you very much, have a nice evening.  Good bye.|Thank you. Good bye.
Hello, I am looking for a guest house.|Great, I can help you, let me just get some more information. Is there a specific location or price range you'd like to stay within?
I need one in Cambridge and I would like a 4 star rating.|There are 18 options, do you have any other preferences such as area or price range?
I need a place with free parking.|We have 16 options available that may suit your needs.  Can you tell me what price range you are interested in?
I have no particular preference on price range.|What area would you prefer?
That doesn't matter. I just need the price range, address, and postcode. You pick the type.|Ok alexander bed and breakfast it is a guest house located in centre and is cheap with 4 stars. The address is 56 saint barnabas road. post code cb12de
Thanks. Could you tell me what kind of food the Peking Restaurant serves?|The Peking Restaurant serves expensive Chinese food.
Thank you for your help.  That's all I need for now!|Okay. Glad I could be of help.
Thank you, goodnight.|You are welcome. Thank you for using our service. Goodbye!
I'd like to find a restaurant that serves swiss food.|Im sorry there are no restaurants offering Swiss food in your area.
Is there any restaurants that serve Vietnamese food?|Thanh Binh serves Vietnamese food.  Is there anything else I can help you with?
What's the address?|thanh binh's address is 17 Magdalene Street City Centre
Thank you, goodbye.|Thank you, goodbye.
What trains leave London Liverpool Street and go to Cambridge?|There are several trains that depart from London Liverpool Street on Friday. Is there a particular time you wish to leave by?
Yes, sometime after 09:15.|There are several trains departing on Friday every :39 of the hour from 9:39 to 23:39. Would you like me to book one of these for you?
I'll go with the 9:39.|Wonderful, your train has been booked!
I think I forgot to add that I will need the booking for 3 people please. Will you modify the booking for me?|Great! Thank you for your help.
Please modify the booking for three people please.|Sure. Just a moment.
I need a reference number for the train. Then I need to find a moderate Italian restaurant in the east for 3 people at 16:30 on Saturday, and a reference number.|Ok, I have three tickets booked on the 9:39. The reference number is QOL9GX6F. Does Pizza Hut Fen Ditton sound good? It's the only Italian restaurant in east.
Yes I think that would be good. Is that available at 4:30 PM?|What day and how many people are you looking to book for?
I am looking for 3 people, at 16:30 on saturday.|Ok, I have booked dinner for three on Saturday at 16:30 at Pizza Hut Fen Ditton. Your reference number is MLMBLJEG. Enjoy your meal!
Thank you that is all the info I need.|Thank you for choosing Cambridge TownInfo centre.  Have a nice trip!
I want to find a cheap restaurant in the east part of town.|the missing sock is a cheap restaurant in the east .
What is the address and phone number?|Their phone number is 01223 812660 and their address is Finders Corner Newmarket Road.
OK, thanks. That's all I need.|You're welcome. Goodbye.
I am traveling to Cambridge and looking forward to try local restaurants.|We have many options available.  What type of food would you like to eat?
I actually need a train leaving kings lynn on wednesday.|That should be no problem do you have a departure or arrival time in mind?
I want to leave on wednesday after 09:30. I need seats for 6 people and the reference number please.|I can do that for you! Where would you like to go?
We need to go to Cambridge.|TR3225 leaves Kings Lynn 10:11 and arrives in Cambridge at 10:58. Do you want me to book this train for you?
yes and please include a reference number|Booking was successful, the total fee is 58.8 GBP payable at the station .Reference number is : USQHZNBW. May I assist you with anything else ?
I also need a place to dine. Can you help me?|Sure. There are plenty of places to eat. Do you have a preference for area, price, or location?
Yes, we love Korean food and want to try the expensive price range, please.|How about little seoul? It has gotten great reviews!
Sure, please book that for 6 people at 17:30 on wednesday.|It is not available for the time requested. Should I check different time?
Could you try Monday then?|I'm sorry those are not available.
could you try Monday @ 19:30 please?|thanks a lot i enjoyed your service
Pardon? Were you able to reserve our table, please?|It's not available. Would you like to try a different restaurant?
No, could you try that restaurant for later that evening?|I am sorry, I can't book anything for that restaurant at all that night. Is there a different restaurant I can try for you?
I don't think so.|We are having technical problems. Please call the restaurant directly at 01223308681. Anything else?
Thank you for your help. Good bye!|Thank you for using the Cambridge TownInfo Centre!
Can you find me an expensive restaurant in the centre?|There are 33 restaurants that meet that criteria. Are you looking for a certain type of food?
I want Chinese food and the restaurant needs to be located in the centre area.|There are four expensive chinese restaurants located in the centre. I recommend hk fusion. Would you like me to make you a reservation?
Excellent, lets try HK Fusion for 5 people at 19:15 on Friday.|I am sorry this booking was unsuccessful. Maybe another time perhaps?
Please, try booking anytime between 20:15 to 9:15 on Friday.|None of the times are available do you have another restaurant preference?
Any other place in the centre, same expensive price range.|I was able to book bedouin, reference number is 4ATMIYSC
Thanks, that's all I need. Have a nice day.|Okay great. I am glad I could be of help.
I would like an inexpensive hotel on the west side of town.|The Cambridge Belfry is a hotel on the west side and is inexpensive.  Their phone number is 01954714600.
Okay, how about Mexican food in the south? I'll be needing a table for 4 this Friday.|Chiquito restaurant and bar is in the south area, what time would you like me to book your 4 people for?
yes four people for Friday at 17:30|The table has been booked. Your reference number is PQPB99PP. Can I help you with anything else?
What can you tell me about Finches Bed and Breakfast? What area are they in?|finches bed and breakfast Is in the west, it is cheap, 4 star guesthouse, free internet and parking. Do you need anything else?
Can I get their postcode please?|Postal is cb30nd, and if you need to call them they can be reached at 01223276653, any thing else that I can assist with?
Yes, I'll also need a taxi to commute between the two places. I'll need to arrive at the restaurant by the dining time.|i booked your taxi. it will be a blue lexus coming. their phone number is 07566783718.
That's great. Everything is set. Thank you for helping me. Goodbye.|You're welcome, have a great day!
I'm planning a trip and I need a train departing from broxbourne on thursday.|What time would you like to leave?
I want to leave after 09:45.|The first available train from Broxbourne leaves at 10: 32. Would you like to make a reservation?
No, I just need the train ID, travel time, and price, please.|The train ID is TR5979. Travel time is 60 minutes and price is 17.90 pounds per ticket. Anything else?
Will there be available seats?|How many tickets do you need and I can check for you.
No thank you. I will worry about that later. I also need a lebanese restaurant in the centre.|Okay, Ali Baba matches your preferences. Would you like a reservation?
Can you make me a reservation for Thursday for 7 people at 19:00?|Okay, your Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.  The reference number is OXUW2L23.  Is there anything else I can help you with?
Thank you, that will be all.|Perfect, glad to have been of help. Thank you for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Have a great day.
i need a plcae to stay with free parking no interned is needed|Do you have a price range or a location in mind?
Yes, It needs to be in the east and be a cheap hotel.|The only places that meet your requirements are guesthouses.  Is that alright?
That is okay with me. What is one of them?|They are all cheap, located on the east, and get 4 stars. Allenball is located at 517a Coldham Lane. Would you like more information?
Does it have free wifi?|The Allenbell actually does have internet. Are you interested in booking a room?
book it for 7 people and 5 nights starting from saturday.|Okay, your books was successful and your reference number is E1WOL6YH.  Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Can you find a restaurant called riverside brasserie for me, please?|got it right here they serve modern european food would you like to reserve a table?
Yes, 11:15 7 people on Saturday.|your all set conf # is LXVWB431, anything else for you today?
That will be all thank you for your help.|You are welcome. Let us know if there is anything else you need.
Actually, I do need a taxi, please. I need to get from the hotel to the restaurant for that reservation.|Your taxi is book. The car is a black Tesla and the contact number is 07856554811. Do you assistance with anything else?
No thank you that will be all|We hope you enjoy your time in the city. Bye.
So I'm planning a trip and I need some information about where to stay in the North. I prefer hotels with free parking|sure, i have 11 options for you
north 2 star  and should include free wifi|Can I recommend the Lovell Lodge and make you a reservation?
Yes please. I need the reservation to be for 5 people and 4 nights starting on Friday.|Booking was successful. Reference number is : 8FI2LR0P.
Thank you. I would also like to find a Chinese restaurant in the same area. Can you let me know what is available?|You have your choice of Hakka or The Hotpot, in luxury options, or the moderately priced Golden Wok.
The Hakka sounds good. Can you book it for 5 people on friday?|What time would you like the reservation for?
I would like it at 18:45.|I was able to book the table for you per your request.  Your  reference number is : 1WEOP8WM. Is there anything else you need help with?
I also need a cab to get me to and from both places. I need the contact # and car type|Will you be going from the Lodge to the restaurant? And what time do you want to leave or arrive?
To the restaurant, I would like to arrive before the reservation time of 18:45.|OK, look for a grey Lexus. The contact number is 07361322317. Can I help with anything else today?
That'll be everything thanks!|Alright, have a lovely day. Goodbye.
i need a train out of cambridge|Okay! Where would you like to go?
I want to go to Stevenage.|These trains run every two hours, starting at 05:21. What time would you like to depart?
I want to arrive at stevenage by 20:45.|The TR2515 meets your criteria. Would you like to book some tickets?
Does that train travel on Friday? And can I get the total travel time?|TR8118 is your best bet. It will arrive in Stevenage at 20:10, and the travel time from Cambridge is 49 minutes.
Great. I actually don't need tickets yet. Could you tell me about a restaurant called the slug and lettuce?|sure it is a gastropub in the centre of town and is quite expensive
Ok.  Can you also tell me the postcode and address?|34 - 35 Green Street, cb23ju. Anything else?
No, I think that's about everything I need right now.  Thank you!|Glad to help, have a blessed day.
Thanks. You too. Good bye|Enjoy your stay !
I am looking for a place serving expensive indian food|There are 14 places that serve expensive Indian food. We could narrow it down more if you specified an area.  Do you have one in mind?
Let's try the west part of town.|There are 5 in the West. You might want to try Cocum on 71 Castle Street City Centre.
Okay, can you book for 7 people on Sunday at 14:00?|I am sorry there is no booking at this time, there are 2 other places would you like me to check booking for any of them?
Yes, if one is in the same area and price range as Cocum.|I was able to get you in at Maharajah Tandoori Restaurant. Your reference number is O9K319CU. Can I help you with anything else?
No, that is all I need thank you.|You are welcome. Have a nice day.
Can you help me find a specific restaurant that I'm looking for?|what is the name of the restaurant?
The name of the restaurant is City Stop Restaurant. Can you book a table for me?|I'd be happy to. Can you tell me what day for the reservation?
Thursday please, for 3 people at 15:15.|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : AWV50VGM.
Great I also need to find a place to stay with a star rating of 5 and includes free wifi.|There are no  stars but there are several stars. would you like a room in one of them?
I don't understand. I'm looking for a 5-star hotel. In the moderate price range, preferably.|There is no 5 star hotels in the area. There are 17 4-star hotels, though. Want to book one of them?
Yes that will be fine.|May I recommend the very popular 4 star Kirkwood House located in the north part of town with free wifi and parking?
Sorry, I'm looking for a 5 star hotel.|I'm sorry, but there really are no 5-star hotels in any part of town. How would you like to proceed?
Can you check for 4 stars instead please?|There are several with four starts. I would recommend the acorn guest house.
Thanks very much! What is their postcode and phone number?|Their phone number is 01223353888 and their postcode is cb41da.
Did they have free parking?|yes they have free parking
Okay, that's great to know. Thanks! I won't be needing anything else today.|You're welcome, have a great day.
I am looking for a restaurant in the moderate price range and in the north part of town.|There are two moderately priced restaurants in the north part of town. One specializes in Indian cuisine and the other is a Chinese restaurant.
I want the indian one. What's the address and phone number ?|The Indian restaurant is located at 7 Milton Road Chesterton and the phone number is  01223 360966
Thank You very much|Thank you for using the Cambridge Restaurant Phone System. Enjoy your meal!
Hello, I am looking for an expensive restaurant, located in the centre.|Are you looking for a particular type of food?
No, I am not.|I have the kymmoy located at 52 mill road city centre. Would you like reservations?
Yes please can you make a reservation for 5 people at 20:00 on Sunday.|I have your reservation for 5 people on sunday at 20:00, your reference number is HJ2OIWKI.  Can I help with anything else?
train. The train should be on the same day as the restaurant booking and should go to cambridge|I'd be happy to help with your request, but first I'll need to know where you're leaving from and what day and time you'd like to leave.
I'll be departing from birmingham new street and need to arrive by 13:45.|I booked you for 1 ticket your reference number is FCGNZKOW. It will arrive by 12:23
Thank you for booking it.|Can I help with anything else today?
I actually need 5 tickets - all of us eating at the restaurant will be coming in on that train.|OKay, I will work on booking this. In the mean time do you know what kid of food you want?
I'm sorry, I forgot we already made your reservation for the restaurant. Let me work on that train for you.|The booking of the restaurant is ready, and the reference number is : HJ2OIWKI.
Thank you! I appreciate all of your help today. Have a good afternoon.|Thank you for using our system!
I need help finding a place to eat that is moderately priced and located in the east.|I have three restaurants with that information,can I ask what type of food you are looking for to narrow it down?
I would like an Italian restaurant.|Pizza Hut Fen Ditton is the only moderate Italian restaurant in the east.  Would you like a reservation?
Yes, please, I would like a reservation for 4 people at 1:45 on Saturday.|Booking was unsuccessful. Want to find another restaurant?
Are there any other restaurants in the same area in the moderate price range?|Yes I have several Indian restaurants if you are interested.
Sure. Please book me at one of those.|I'd be happy to. What day and time would you like the reservation, and for how many people?
4 people at 13:45 on saturday, please.|I've booked you a table for 4 at 13:45 at Curry Prince. Your reference number is GE1NWVTX. Is there anything else I can help with today?
No, that's all I needed. Have a nice day.|Happy to be of service, and I hope you enjoy your meal!
Could you help me with some information please?  I am looking for a place to stay.|Of course, do you have a price range in mind?
no. it should free packing and located in the west|We have many great hotels.  Do you have a preference of star rating?
The star rating doesn't matter, thanks|If thats the case here is a nice hopital Addenbrookes Hospital
uhm, i definitely don't want to sleep in a hospital.|Sorry about that! how about a and be guest house?
Okay. Also can you help me find a restaurant in the same area that serves European food.|Sure thing what price range are you looking for?
The restaurant should be in the expensive price range|The Cambridge Lodge restaurant is in the west. The address is Cambridge Lodge Hotel 139 Huntingdon Road City Centre. Is there anything else to help you?
Yeah, please book me for 6 people, on saturday at 14:00|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.Reference number is : 7LDNJZEE. anything else?
Great. I also need a taxi to get me to the restaurant by the reservation time.|Where do you want to be picked up?
Picked up at the hotel and sent to the restaurant by the booking time please.|I have booked your taxi. Be expecting a grey Tesla. Please call 07177768413 should you need to reach them.
Thank you for your help.|Anything else today?
No that is it. Thank you.|Glad to have helped!
I am looking to go to a museum.|There are quite a few fantastic museums to choose from. Is there a specific area you are looking for?
I'm willing to go wherever the best museums are. Which would you recommend?|The cafe jello gallery is top notch. And there's no entrance fees. Or how about cambridge artworks their pretty nice as well. Both are in the west.
Can you tell me about the gallery? What's the address?|This gallery is located on the west side of town located at 13 magdalene street
What is the postcode there?  Also, I'll need a phone number.|The postcode is cb30af, sorry I do not have a phone number for the cafe jello gallery.
Well then, can you give me an address?|The address is cafe jello gallery, 13 magdalene street	, is there anything else you need?
Yes, I need information on a cheap restaurant in the centre of the city...whichever you recommend.|I would recommend golden house. It is a chinese restaurant at 12 Lensfield Road City Centre, postcode cb21eg, phone number 01842753771. Would you like me to book it for you?
No, thanks, I'll do that myself. You've been great, thanks for everything.|Thank you for contacting Cambridge TownInfo centre. Goodbye!
Yes, I'm looking for an expensive restaurant serving European Food.|How about eraina?
Does Eraina serve european food?  If so, what is the phone number and what area is it located in?|Eraina serves Modern European food in the centre of town. The phone number is 01223 368786.
Okay, thank you for the information.|Thank you, enjoy your meal!
I am looking for a restaurant. The restaurant should be in the south and should serve french food|There are none. Would you like to try a different cuisine or area?
How about a restaurant that serves modern european food?|Restaurant alimentum has gotten good reviews!
Great, I would like a reservation for 7 people on Friday at 19:00.  Please give me the reservation number.|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Reference number is : NCHJ21BD.
Thank you for your help|May I help you with anything else? Do you need a taxi?
No I'm good to go but thank you|Great, thank you for allowing me to help you today.
I am looking for an expensive restaurant that serves russian food.|there is no expensive restaurant that serves russian food can I help you with anything else
Yes do you have british type food?|Yes, there are 6 options.  Does the part of town matter?
I don't care.|I could recommend Graffiti in the west.Would you like more information?
May I have the phone number?|Their phone number is 01223 277977.  Is there anything else I can help you with?
Thank you goodbye.|You're welcome. Good bye.
I'm looking for a place to dine in the centre that serves international food.|We have two options available to you, would you like their names and addresses?
Yes and looking for moderate price range.|The Varsity Restaurant is located at 35 Sain Andrews Street in the centre, and Bloomsbury Restaurant is located at the Crowne Plaza Hotel at 20 Downing Street.
Can you book me a table for 1 person for Tuesday at 17:15 please?|Could not book. Do you want to try another time slot?
Can I book a table for one hour earlier instead?|I got you a table at the varsity at 16:15. Reference number is Z8WGAYFN.
I am looking for a 3 star hotel doesn't need to have free parking.|I have 4 guest houses and 2 hotels. Do you have any other criteria?
Yes, the hotel should include free wifi.|The gonville hotel has wifi, it's in the centre. Does that sound good?
As long as it has a 3 star rating, please book the Gonville Hotel for me.|What day would you like to start your stay at Gonville? And how many days are you wanting to stay?
I need it for Tuesday for 5 nights for 1 person.|Booking was unsuccessful. Would you like to arrange a stay at a different time?
Can you check to see if that hotel can be booked for 1 night instead?|The one night reservation was successful. Your reference number is AAWVSXC4
Thank you. That's all I need.|You're welcome. I am glad I could assist you.
You definitely did, thanks so much!|You're welcome. Have a great day!
I'm here to visit some colleges, can you please help me find the addresses of some of them?|Sure, I can get you the addresses.   There are five different colleges.  Did you have specific ones in mind?
Nothing in particular. Just give me the area, postcode, and phone for one of them.|Churchill college is located in the west postcode cb30ds. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I will need the phone number for them as well please.|Their phone number is 01223336233	.
I also need a place to eat called tandoori palace.|The tandoori palace is on the East side. Would you like me to reserve for you?
No thank you. I would just like the phone number and address.|Sure, the address is 68 Histon Road Chesterton, and the phone number is 01223506055.
Thank you for your help. Have a great day.|you're very welcome. you have a good day too.
I want to find an expensive restaurant serving mediterranean food. What is the address and phone number?|La Mimosa, at Thompsons Lane Fen Ditton, is expensive and serves mediterranean food.
What is their address and phone number?|Their address is Thompsons Lane Fen Ditton and their phone number is 01223 362525.
I need a restaurant in Cambridge that is expensive  and also in the centre of town.|Bedouin at 100 Mill Road City Centre meets your criteria.  Would you like a booking made for you?
Does Bedouin serve German food?|No, it serves African style food. Would you like to find a restaurant that serves German?
Yes, if there is one available.|I don't have any expensive german restaurants in the centre.
Are there any Japanese restaurants in the same area and price range?|Wagamama is a Japanese restaurant in the centre area in the expensive price range.
Great! I'd like to make a reservation for 6 people at 17:15 on Tuesday. And I'd like a reference number, please.|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Your reference number is ZMGYWSSO. Is there anything else that I could help you with?
I'm looking for a train on the same day that arrives by 19:15 and departs from Norwich (going to Cambridge, of course).|There are 13 trains the latest is an arrival at 18:35 would that work for you?
I'm sorry I mean to say 9:15. I need to arrive by 9:15.|TR0339 leaves Norwich at 07:16 and arrives in Cambridge at 08:35. Would you like me to reserve your tickets, and if so, how many will be traveling?
Yes, please reserve six tickets for us.|I have booked your tickets. The reservation number is 8IIV469O. The fee is 105.6 GBP payable at the station. Is there anything else I can do for you?
No, that is all, thank you.|It's my pleasure! Thank you for contacting us. Goodbye!
i want somewhere that serves traditional food.|There are no traditional restaurants in the city. Can I help you with a different type of cuisine?
How abou asian oriental food|There are 5 restaurants meeting your criteria. What area and price range did you have in mind?
What is the address and phone number?|The dojo noodle bar serves asian oriental food.  They are located at 40210 Millers Yard City Centre and their phone number is 01223 363471.
thank you. good bye.|Good bye
i am looking for a cheap restaurant in the centre part of town.|You have a lot of great choices. Can we narrow your search with a type of cuisine you'd like or would like to avoid?
Thank you. I would really like african food if possible.|Bedouin is the only African restaurant in town, but they're not cheap. Would you like to try a different type of cuisine?
would you like me to book it for you ?|would you like me to book it for you ?
yes, please. 7 people at 17:00 for saturday|Ok, your table has been booked and will be reserved for 15 minutes. Your reference number is 12UC21E9. Can I assist you further today?
Thank you. Yes, I am also looking for an attraction in the same area of town.|There are many to chose from in that area, might I recommend all saints church? Or are you looking for something specific?
That attraction works, can I have more information?|Sure! It is located on Jesus Lane, CB58BS. The entrance fee is free and their phone number is 01223452587.
Okay, great. I'll also need a taxi to commute between the two places. I'll need to arrive at the restaurant by the booked time.|Your taxi is booked. Be expecting a blue Volkswagen. If you need to contact the company, please call 07745957950.
Thank you for all your help.|You're welcome! Bye!
I'm looking for a moderately priced restaurant in the centre.|There are over 20 results. Is there a certain type of food you'd like?
I'm in the mood for some Mexican food. Is there a restaurant of that type in the center of town? If so, I'll need address and postcode.|It doesn't look like there are any Mexican restaurants in the centre at all. Would you like to try any other kind of restaurant?
Well let's try another type of food that is moderately priced. What do you suggest?|Bloomsbury Restaurant is an international restaurant that offers a variety of food. It is located at Crowne Plaza Hotel 20 Downing Street CB23DT. Their phone number is 08719429180.
Im also looking for some entertainment near the restaurant.|I'm sorry, there isn't any entertainment in the centre.  Could you be more specific as to what you are looking for?
Could you help me find a nightclub, please?|Yes I have many. Would you like me to suggest one?
Yes, that could be great.|How about Club Salsa. I hear that it's pretty great for a night out. Would you like more information about it?
Yes, I would also like to get a taxi too. I would like to know the contact number and car type also.|Club Salsa is located at 1 Station Road and their entrance fee is 5 pounds. From where to where do you need a taxi?
I want to book a taxi to commute between the two places.|What times were you thinking about leaving and arriving?
I'd like to leave Club Salsa by 21:30, definitely don't want to be there when things start to get exciting!|What about an arrival time to your destination?
It doesn't matter.|I was able to book a red skoda phone number 07453096254
thank you that will be all|Glad to be of service. Have a great day.
For sure.  Goodbye now.|good day and welcome again
Hi, I am looking for a restaurant that is expensive and serves European food.|I show 5 listings. Would you like a certain area of town?
No specific area, but I would like it for Friday.|Okay, I recommend City Stop Restaurant. What time would you like the reservation for and for how many people?
I'd like to make reservations for 7 people at 11:15 on Friday please.|You have a table reserved for 7 on Friday at 11:15.  Your reference number is V2IWL8VW.
Thanks, I'm also looking for a train for Friday that goes to Cambridge and arrives by 08:15.|And where will you be coming from?
I'll be coming from Peterborough. All 7 of us will need tickets for the train.|TR0035 arrives by 08:09. Does that work for you?
Yes, please include the reference number.|Yes of course, the reference number for the train is MU82CCWU.
Thank you, that is all for today. Goodbye.|Have a great day!
Hello, I am looking for a Scottish restaurant on the west side of town.|I can help you with that.  It looks like there aren't any restaurants like that in my database.  Can I help you find a different restaurant?
Is there a restaurant that serves Indian food in the west part of town?|I found several Indian restaurants in the west part of town. Were you looking for an expensive or moderately priced restaurant?
Expensive|I found several in the expensive price range in the west part of town, can I help you with anything else?
Can you please give me that phone number?|Cocum is the first expensive indian restaurant in the west part of town on the database. The phone number for cocum is 01223 366668.
What is the food type they serve ?|They serve indian food .
Can you please give me the address?|Cocum is located at 71 castle street city centre. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, thank you, that is all I need.  Goodbye!|Thank you. Good day!
I'd like to dine for expensive british cuisine.|Of course, let me help you with that. In which area of town would you like to eat?
Any area is fine. Can I have the postcode for your favorite one?|Sure! I recommend travellers rest. Their postcode is cb30df. Is there anything else I can help you with?
That's all for right now, thanks for your help!|You're welcome. Have a nice day!
Hi, I am looking for an upscale restaurant in the Centre.|I can certainly help you. Do you have any preferences regarding the type of cuisine?
I would like on that serves chinese food.|I found four options- one is the ugly duckling. Would you like the other choices?
The Ugly Duckling sounds fine. Could you reserve a table for one  on Wednesday at 12:00?|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Reference number is : T1LQED6V. anything else?
Yes, I want to find a place to visit in the same area. Are there any cinemas?|Vue Cinema is located in the centre.  Would you like the phone number or address?
How much is the entrance fee?|I am sorry I don't have that info, anything else today?
That's alright, I don't need anything further. Goodbye! Thanks!|Thank you and enjoy your stay!
I need to find a 4 star hotel in the north|I found several guesthouses.  There are many in the moderate price range, and one in the cheap range.  Do you have a preference?
A moderate price range is fine and I need it to have free parking as well.|How about the Acorn Guest House? It's moderately priced and has free parking.
Yes please book it for 4 people for 2 nights starting monday for me.|Booking was successful! Your reference number is  DXD1MDA6.
I'm also interested in finding a good Chinese food place near the hotel. Can you help me find one?|There are three choices.  Hakka and the hotpot which is expensive and golden wok which is moderate, do you have a preference?
I'll take Hakka. Can you book me a table on Monday at 15:00 for 4 people?|I've reserved your table at Hakka on Monday, 15:00, for 4 people. Your reference number is K6D87RRX. Can I help with anything else?
Yes, I will need a taxi to take me from the hotel to the restaurant and back to the hotel.|You are booked to arrive at the restaurant by three, look for a blue ford, the driver can be contacted by phone at 07232608741
Thank you, that will be all.|Okay, have a great day!
I need some helping finding a train that leaves after 15:15.|Where will you be leaving from?
The train should depart from birmingham new street and should go to cambridge|What day were you planning to travel?
Wednesday please.  I'll need the train ID.|Here you go TR5567.
How long does the train trip take?|The train will arrive by 18:23 and take approximately 163 minutes. Would you like me to book that for you?
Yes please and I'm also looking for a cheap Portuguese restaurant in the centre part of town. I'd like to book a table for 5 @20:30 on the same day|It sounds like you want Nandos City Centre.  Should I go ahead and book a table?
Yes please, on Wednesday at 20:30 for 5 people.|I was able to book a table for you. The reference number is 9H6N0M1C. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Is there anything else you need?
Great that was all I needed today, thanks!|I wasn't able to finish the train booking yet. How many tickets do you need?
I don't need you to book it. I just need the travel time, train ID and arrival time.|Train TR5567 is 163 approximately and arrives at 18:23
May I get the reference number?|The reference number of your trip is 4SUWDUY9. Thank you
Hello, I am looking for some places to go in the centre of town.|There is a lot to do in the centre. Is there a certain type of attraction you'd like to see or do?
I was thinking something related to multiple sports|We don't have any multiple sports facilities in the centre of town. Do you want to look for something else?
How about a theatre? I think we would enjoy seeing a show!|May I recommend Cambridge Arts Theatre located in the centre of town?
That would be great. Can I have the postcode, address, and entrance fee please?|I don't have any information about admission, but you can call them to get more information.  The number is 01223503333. The address is 6 saint edward's passage cb23pj
Ok.  I also need info on the restaurant Darrys cookhouse and wine shop.|Darrys Cookhouse and Wine Shop is a modern European restaurant located in the centre of town.  It's in the expensive price range.  Would you like to make a reservation?
Yes, that would be great. I'll need a table for 7 on Friday at 18:00.|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Reference number is : BT75ESXM. Can I help you with anything else?
I don't think so.  Thanks for all your help.|Hope you have a great time during your trip.
That was so nice of you to say thanks so much.|You're very welcome! Take care!
I am looking for a restaurant called HK Fusion.|Would you like a reservation?
Yes, I would love a reservation for Tuesday for 3 people at 19:15 please.|Your booking is taken care of, your reference number is AMF28NF1.  May I help with anything else?
Wonderful. Yes, can you also help me find a cool place to check out in the west?|Absolutely. There are some wonderful attractions in that area. Would you like something free?
Sure thing. And could I get the postcode for it too?|I would recommend The Museum of Classical Archaeology the post code is cb39da. Would you like a reservation?
I would like a booking and the reference number.|How many tickets do you need?
I'll need tickets for three and I will also need you to book at taxi for us as well.  We want to be sure we make our dinner reservation.|If you want tickets to the museum, I suggest calling because my system cannot book tickets there. However, I did book you a red honda taxi. Contact # 07125574680
Thanks so much! That will be all for today.|You're welcome.  Thank you for calling the Cambridge TownInfo Centre. Have a great day!
I am looking for a park east of town with a playground.|Cherry Hinton Water Play is a park which matches your requirements, would you like directions?
could you kindly tell me of the entrance fee?|It's free to enter!
Perfect, I also need to find a moderately priced restaurant.  Can you help me with that too?|May I suggest Rajmahal, it is an Indian Restaurant in the same area as the Park you will be visiting. Shall I provide you with more information?
Does it serve North African or bristish foods?|It serves Indian food.  Would you like me to search for North African or British?
British food please and thank you|I only have italian food in that area.
Ok that will have to do then.  Please give me the reference number and have the taxi commute between both places, car type and contact info please.|Where do you want to leave from? The park or the restaurant? What time do you want to leave and arrive by?
I would only require arriving to the restaurant by the booked time.|We have actually not completed a restaurant booking yet. Can you repeat your criteria as it got a little confusing before. Once I reserve it, we can do the taxi.
I want British food at a moderate price.|There are no British restaurants.
North American food? I need a reservation for 7 at 19:30 on Friday. Also a taxi to arrive to the restaurant by the booked time, car type and contact number.|What time would you like to leave?
I just need to arrive at the restaurant by the booked time.|Okay your booking is as follows: a white Tesla will pick you up and your contact number is 07715015033.
.
Thank you. That is all I need.|There are several British food places at moderate price in centre town and one in the west. Should I recommend one and which area do you prefer: centre or west?
Can you tell me whether there are colleges open to sightseers in the city center?|There are several places, churchill college is available.
What is the address?|Churchill College is on storey's way.
Can you give me the phone number also?|Churchill College can be reached at 01223336233. Is there anything else I can help with today?
I'm also looking for a cheap Indian restaurant, can you recommend one for me?|Sure, I would recommend Kohinoor Indian restaurant in the Centre. Would you like a reservation?
Sounds good. Can I get their phone number and address?|Their address is 74 Mill Road City Centre and the phone number is 01223323639. Can I help you with anything else?
No, you've taken care of everything for me today! Thank you!|You're welcome.  Enjoy your visit to Cambridge!
Hello, what can you tell me about de luca cucina and bar?|De Luca is a moderately-priced Modern European place at 83 Regent Street in the center of town. Would you like to book a table there?
Yes, I need it booked for 7 people on Tuesday at 19:30.|You are all set! Your table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Your reference number is 5R3GSQVS. Do you need anything else?
Thank you so much. And yes, I also need to find a train to Bishops Stortford, please. I will be leaving from Cambridge on Tuesday.|There are 10 trains to choose from. Do you have a preferred time to leave after or arrive by?
I want it to arrive by 16:00.|There are 5 trains matching your query. The latest arrives by 14:07. Do you want to book it?
Yes please book tickets on that train for 7 people and send me the reference number|Your booking was successful, your reference number is WT2VB50O.
Thank you thats all I need for now.|You're welcome and enjoy your trip.
I am looking for a place to stay.|We have 33 options, any preference in options such as area or price?
I would like to stay in the east and I am looking for a 4 star rating.|What type of pricing would you like?
I want a cheap guesthouse.|There are 3 that fit the bill. Can I recommend Leverton House? 4 stars, cheap, in the east, and they offer complimentary parking and Internet.
That'll work. Please book me a room for one, checking in Monday for 2 nights|I can book you a room at the Allenbell.  How many people will be staying?
One person for two nights and need the reference number. Also want to reserve a table at Travellers Rest for one on Monday at 13:45, the reference number as well.|Okay. I have your reservation for the hotel and your reference number for this booking is JAS1X0DX.
Thank you so much for your help, that is all I need.|Thank you i enjoyed serving you welcome again
I want a nice park to visit while i'm in town.|Great! You might like Milton Country Park in the north. It has free entrance. Would you like more information?
Can I get their address please?|Their address is milton country park, milton, postcode cb46az. Can I help you with anything else?
Thank you. I also need your help finding a moderately-priced place to eat in the south part of town.|Of course. Would you prefer Italian at Pizza Hut Cherry Hinton or Restaurant Alimentum that serves modern european?
I want Italian, so let's go with Pizza Hut Cherry Hinton.|Great, they are located at G4 Cambridge Leisure Park Clifton Way Cherry Hinton. Would you like me to reserve a table for you?
Could I get a postcode and a phone number?|The postcode is cb17dy and the phone number is 01223323737.
Thanks! I also need a taxi to get to the attraction by 10:15. Can you help?|What will be your departure site?
I'd like to leave Milton Country Park by 10:15 and go to Pizza Hut Cherry Hinton.|Just to clarify, would you like to arrive at milton country park by 10:15 or leave the park by 10:15?
I want to leave the park by 10:15.|Thank you, I have booked you a grey ford taxi, the contact number is 07348401469. Is there anything else I can help you with?
That's all I need now. Thanks.|Thank you for contacting Cambridge TownInfo centre. Goodbye!
I'd like a european food place in the west please.|Then you want the cambridge lodge restaurant. Would you like me to book you a table?
Yes, please.  I would like a table for 2 on Thursday at 20:00.|OK, I made your reservation. Do you want your reference number now?
Yes, please. And then I will need you to help me find a place to stay.|Reference number is : IA42WAOZ.  What type of place are you looking for, a hotel or a guestroom?
Actually, either is fine. But I would like something moderately priced that offers free wifi.|I would recommend the Ashley Hotel, it is in the north, and moderately priced.
What amenities does the Ashley Hotel have?  I need free parking, free wifi, and 4 stars.|It has free parking and wifi; however it is only a 2 star hotel.  Would you like me to search for a different hotel?
Yes please search for something that is four stars.|There are no 4 star hotels matching your criteria. I can however book you a 3-star or 2-star hotel if you want
No, I would like for it to be 4 stars. Is there another area you can check?|I'm sorry there are no matches.
Okay, how about a 3 star?|I am sorry there are no 3 star hotels that match your criteria. There is however a few 3 star guesthouses. Would you like to book a guesthouse?
I would have liked a hotel but if there is none then a guesthouse works for me|There are 3 star guesthouses in the south, north and west.  Do you have a preference?
I don't really have a preference. Can you recommend one?|Sure! I recommend the Hamilton Lodge. Would you like for me to book a room?
I need their info. Address and phone number.|Their phone number is 01223365664 and their addres is 156 Chesterton Road, postcode CB4 1DA. Anything else I can help with?
Yes, I need a taxi from the hotel to the restaurant, please. I need to get there by the reservation time.|You got the blue toyota enjoy the ride.
thnks alot. you have been of help|Glad to be of your service. Is there anything else?
I just need the contact number for the taxi, please.|Booking completed!
Booked car type	:	blue toyota
Contact number	:	07013802794
Can I help you with anything else today?
No, that should be all for today.|thank you for choosing us
I like you no problem.|Thanks for using our service today!
I want to find a restaurant in any part of town and serves seafood.|Loch Fyne is a restaurant in the city centre that serves seafood. Would you like more information?
What is the phone number and price range?|The phone is 01223 362433 and it is in the expensive range.
That sounds great. Thanks!|You're Welcome. Goodbye!
I'm looking for a latin american restaurant in the moderate price range.|we don't have that in our records. can you change the type of food?
Can you help me find a moderately priced resaturant in the south that serves latin american food?|There are no restaurants available matching what you mentioned.
How about Italian food. You do have Italian restaurants don't you. Moderately priced and in the south area would work fine for me.|The only moderately priced Italian restaurant in the south part of town is the Pizza Hut Cherry Hinton. Would you like a reservation?
Yes, please book a table for 1 people at 18:30 on sunday.|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.Reference number is : AM10LQ20.
That's great.  Thank you.|Was there anything else I could help you with today?
Yes, can you help me find a place to stay, a 4 star hotel?|yes and which area would you be interested in ?
The area does not matter. But, I need it to be an actual hotel and have 4 stars.|Sure there are a few options.  Did you have a price range you were looking for?
No particular price range, but I would like free parking.|How about huntingdon marriott hotel?
Sure, I need the reservation to be for 4 people.|And what nights would you like me to reserve for you?
Four nights starting Sunday|Your booking was successful. Your reference number is : LNRXN5ZT.
Thank you, can I also book a taxi?|Yes, where would you like to go to and from?
I need it to go from the restaurant to the hotel.|I can book you a taxi from Pizza Hut to Huntingdon Marriot, what time would you like the taxi to pick you up?
I need to be at the restaurant by 18:30 for my reservation, the pick up time doesn't matter to me.|I'm sorry I need clarification. Do you need a taxi to the restaurant or to the hotel?
it should be to the hotel|Okay. Then to book I will need to know what time you want to either leave the restaurant or what time you'd like to arrive at the hotel by.
I'm sorry. Let me clarify. I need a taxi to pick me up at the hotel and I want to arrive at the restaurant by 18:30.|Booking completed!
Booked car type	:	blue bmw
Contact number	:	07611077714
I'm sorry for all the confusion on this call, and I appreciate your patience. Thank you. Goodbye!|No worries. You have a great day. Goodbye.
I'm hoping to find a moderately priced korean restaurant.|I'm sorry, we don't have anywhere that matches that description.  Is there somewhere else I can try and find for you?
Can you run one more search for korean cuisine in the centre area please?|There is only one Korean restaurant in all of Cambridge, but it's expensive, not moderate.
Okay what about spanish cuisine then?|la tasca is a spanish restaurant located in the centre. Can I book that for you?
Please.  I need a reservation for 8 people at 12:45 on Sunday.|Alright, the table is booked for 12:45 and will be reserved for 15 minutes and your reference number is GIBFWDNM. Can I help you with anything else?
Yes, I would also like a hotel with free wifi in the moderate price range.|Do you have an area in mind?
no, it should be a guesthouse though.|a and b guest house is in the moderate price range. Should I book it?
Yes for 8 for 3 nights starting sunday|Booking was successful. Reference number is : EI63A77M. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No that is all the help I need today. Thank you|Sure thing.  Enjoy your stay
Hi. Can you help me find a restaurant?|What type of cuisine would you like?
Modern European, please.|Sure, do you have an area or price range you are looking for?
I don't have a preference on price range, but would like it to be in the Centre.|I would recommend the De Luca Cucina and Bar, located at 83 Regent Street. Would you like to reserve a table?
I need a table for 7 people.|Sure I would be more than happy to help you with that when would you like to book the table for?
tuesday at 18:45|I have your table booked for 7 people on tuesday at 18:45, your reference number is L440UJKD.  Can I help with anything else?
I also need a train from Cambridge to London Liverpool Street.|What time will you be leaving?
i need to arrive there by 17:30.|What day do you want to travel?
I'll be travelling on Wednesday.|TR2815 arrives at 17:27. Does that work or is it cutting things too close for you?
Yes. I need 7 tickets please.|I will book it for you now.
Can I please get the reference number?|Okay i have booked you and your reference number is UZBRLH3F.
Thank you for your help today.|Did you need anything else?
That was everything. Thank you!|Have a great time.
I am looking for a restaurant. The restaurant should be in the expensive price range and should be in the centre.|Fitzbillies restaurant serves British food, is located in the centre and is expensive. It's address is 51 Trumpington Street City Centre.
Is there any chinese restaurants around?|Yes there are a few. Can I recommend Tang Chinese. Would you like me to book that for you?
Do they have availability on Sunday at 13:00?|Yes they do. How many people are in your party?
We will have 7 people in the party.|I have you booked at Tang Chinese. The reference number is P04KA65H. Is there anything else that I can do for you today?
That will be all, thank you.|Happy to be of help, and I hope you enjoy your meal! Goodbye!
I would like to stay at a hotel in the east, please.|express by holiday inn cambridge meets your criteria.
Does it have 4 stars?|I am sorry, but that hotel does not have a 4 star rating, would you like another option?
Is there a 4 star guesthouse in the east?|there are 5 four star guesthouses in the east
Can I book one of them for 8 people for 4 nights starting tuesday and get the reference number?|Great, you're booked with reference number Y5Z7GN2R. Anything else I can help you with?
Yes, I am looking for a gastropub near the hotel.|How about Royal Standard? It's a gastropub located at 290 Mill Road City Centre
Excellent. One more thing: is that in the expensive price range?|Yes, royal standard is an expensive gastropub.
Terrific. Can you book a table for the same group of people at 11:45 on the same day and provide me with the reference number?|Booking was successful for the royal standard. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Your reference number is : 4W94X4GE. Is there anything else I can help with?
Thank you I also need a taxi between the two places please to get to the restaurant by 11:45|I've booked you a taxi from "a and b guest house" to "royal standard." The car is a blue audi and the Contact number is 07009978153.
Great! I think that's all I need today. Thank you for you help!|Thank you for using our service. Please contact us again if we can be of further assistance.
I'm looking to eat at a place that serves british food in the east part of town.|I have found the Grafton Hotel Restaurant  at 619 Newmarket Road. Would like a reservation?
Is the restaurant in the expensive price range?|Yes it is in the expensive price range.Do you want the address ?
What does Cambridge offer as far as expensive cantonese restaurants?|I'm so sorry but we don't have any expensive cantonese.  Would you like to try another type of food?
How about british food instead.|There are 6 British restaurants. Do you have a particular area of interest?
No, but I want the most expensive one.|I would suggest  Fitzbillies Restaurant. Would you like me to book a table now?
I'll be dining alone so please make a reservation for 1 at 19:30 or 18:30, perfer 19:30 on wednesday.  Reference number please?|All set. Your reservation for one is confirmed for Wednesday at 19:30. Your reference is HB2TWWH0. Is there anything else I can do for you today?
I'm also looking for a hotel with free parking.  It will be for just one person, like the restaurant booking.|how about acorn guest house? i hear it's lovely
That would be perfect.|I booked the Acorn Guest House in the north, the address: 154 Chesterton road. How many days are you going to stay?
I will be staying 2 days.|I got you booked for the Acorn Guest House for 1 person for 2 nights starting on Wednesday. Your booking number is 2NFSNMZP. Is there anything else I may assist you with?
Can I just confirm it has free internet as well|The guesthouse has free wifi and parking
Great, that will be all thank you.|enjoy your stay!
Good morning, I need help finding a restaurant that serves bistro in the moderate price range.|I couldn't find a restaurant with the attributes you are looking for. Would you like something else?
How about one with british food?|There are 5 restaurants serving british food. Do you have a preferred area?
I do not have a preferred area.  Which ones have a table available for 6 people at 12:30 on Tuesday?|Is there a price range you would prefer to stay within?
No I do not need to stay within a price.|I have Restaurant One Seven in the moderate price range. Would you like me to book a reservation?
Yes, please.|The booking was unsuccessful, do you have any other preference?
I just need a restaurant in the same area and has the same price range.|Sure. I booked you a table in the oak bistro which is in the center part of the town. Your reservation number is CMJ6WM0Z.
Great, thanks for that. See you!|Sure, I'm here to help you. Bye!
Can you tell me if there is a restaurant named Kohinoor in Cambridge?|Yes there is one listing, it serves indian food,it is in the centre,and has a cheap price. Would you like me to give you the information?
Just go ahead and book a table for 7 on Saturday at 12:45 please.|I apologize, I am unable to book at that time. Is there another time you'd like me to try for?
11:45 will be Ok.|I found Indian restaurant called Kohinoor 74 mill rd ,which is in center . Is that good for you?
Yes that is perfect. Can I get the reference number please?|The reference number for your reservation at Kohinoor is HB7JSPFK. Your table will be reserved for no longer than 15 minutes.
I also need to find a 4 star guesthouse that is located in the north, can you help me book one please?|Avalon has good reviews and is in the moderate price range would you like to book that?
Can you let me know whether they have free parking and what the postcode is?|Sure, the Avalon has free internet but no free parking. The postcode for them is: cb43pd. The archway house has both free internet and free parking.
Thank you for your help!|No problem! Enjoy your trip here in Cambridge!
I would like a cheap restaurant that serves vietnamese food|I found Thanh Binh in the west part of town.
What is the address and phone number?|Thanh binh can be reached at 01223 362456 and it is located at 17 magdalene street city centre.
Thank you goodbye.|Thank you and goodbye!
Yes I am looking for a train that arrives by 20:00 that is going to ely|I have one that will arrive by 18:07. Do you have the day you would like to travel?
Yes, I'd like to travel on Tuesday, departing from Cambridge please.|Okay, how about TR7733, leaving at 17:50 and arriving by 18:07? Would that work for you?
Yes, that's exactly the sort of thing I'm looking for. Thank you.|Perfect! I hope you have a great time!
Can you also help me find a Chinese restaurant on the north side?|Golden wok is a chinese place in the north part of town, would that work for you?
Great, is it considered to be expensive it's my anniversary and I want it to be high quality food|Happy Anniversary!  Golden wok is a moderately priced restaurant. Would you like me to find an expensive restaurant?
Yes, I would prefer an expensive one.|In expensive restaurants, I have two options in the north. There is Hakka and there is The Hotspot. In my opinion, Hakka is a great chinese restaurant.
postcode, phone number, and area|They are in the north, postcode is cb41ep. Expensive and their phone number is 01223568988. That was for Hakka.
Can you go ahead and make that reservation for me please. for 6 people at 14:30|Thank you for all your help.  We should have a nice anniversary.
What? Could you please make the reservation?|Which day would you like this reservation?
I'd like that reservation for Tuesday, as well.|I have that table reserved for you. The reference number is HFSFXR46. May I help you with anything further?
No, that's all for me. Thanks! Bye!|It was a pleasure to assist you. I hope you have a Happy Anniversary!
I'm looking for malaysian food.|sorry i cannot find any malaysian restaurants. can i offer you something else?
How about asian oriental type of food?|There are five search results.  Are you interested in a particular area or price range?
No particular area, but I'm looking for an expensive restaurant.|there is saigon city at 169 High Street Chesterton Chesterton, phone 01223 356555.
Is there anything else?|There is also Kymmoy in the centre of town, at 52 Mill Road City Centre. Their phone number is 01223 311911.
Thank you, goodbye|Thank you, and enjoy your meal!
Are there any eritrean restaurants in town?|No, there are no eritrean restaurants in town. Would you like a different restaurant?
How about Chinese food?|There is a wide variety of Chinese restaurants, do you have an area preference or a price preference to narrow it down?
I would like the East part of town.|Yu Garden is a chinese restaurant in the east area.
Could I get the address, phone number, and postcode of Yu Garden?|Phone is 01223 248882, address and postcode are 529 Newmarket Road Fen Ditton C.B 5, 8 P.A
Thank you.  That is all the information I needed.  Bye bye!|Bye!
I am looking for an Italian restaurant located in the centre of Cambridge.|There are nine of them. What price range do you prefer?
I think something cheap.  If not, go up to moderate.|I suggest pizza hut city centre, it has a cheap price range. Would you like me to book it or would you like more information?
Yes, Please book the reservation.|I'd be happy to book a table for you. Please let me know the day, time, and the number of people in your party.
I would like the post code and phone number for the restaurant please, and I would like to book a train.|The post code is cb21ab and the phone number is 01223323737. Where would you like to book a train to?
I need to go to Stevenage on Sunday.|Where are you departing from?
I'm leaving from Cambridge.|Do you have a time in mind?
Yes, after 8:30 would be best.|I have booked you a train ride on TR6488 which will depart at 09:21 and will arrive at 10:10. The total fee will be 10:24GBP. Would you like the reference number?
What is the total travel time?|The total travel time will be 49 minutes.
Great, thank you. That's all I needed.|You're welcome. Is there anything else I can do for you today?
No thank you. Thanks for your help.|Good day to you.
Can you please help me find guesthouses that offer free parking in Cambridge?|sure, i have 21 options for you
I need it to include free wifi please.|There are still 21 options. What price range would you like?
No matter. Could you make a recommendation? I will need a room for 1, for 5 nights starting Sunday.|I would suggest Hobsons House in the west. Your booking was successful. Reference number is : X5GMNTU5. Anything else I can help with?
Yes, I'm looking for an expensive Chinese restaurant.|Do you have a location preference? Perhaps in the west where you would be staying?
No, but I need the address.|hakka is located in the north on milton road chesterton.
I want to  book a taxi to commute between the two places.|Is there a time you would like to be picked up?
I want to leave the hotel by 19:00.|You all set, look for a light blue ford pinto.  Kidding, your cab will be a black skoda, they can be reached at 07738544250, can I help with anything else?
No thanks, have a good day.|Is there anything else I can help you with?
no am ok, thanks|welcome all the time
Thank you, that was all I needed.|have a good day
Thank you. You've been a big help. Good-bye.|Thank you for using our service today.
I want an expensive restaurant in the South.|I found a  few choices for you. Would you be interested in Chinese, Indian, Italian, or Mexican cuisine?
Mexican will would great. I need a reservation for 2 at 19:30 on Monday.|Your reservation is booked at Chiquito Restaurant for 19:30 on Monday. The restaurant is located at 2G Cambridge Leisure Park, Cherry Hinton Road in Cherry Hinton. Your reservation number is SLYNF4LH.
Thank you! That's all that I needed.|Wonderful. Have a good visit.
Actually, I am also looking for places to go in the same area as Chiquito Restaurant is.|We have several. Would you be interested in a museum, a park or a theatre?
A museum would be great. Could I have the address of one you suggest?|the byard art museum offers free entrance fee
That sounds great. May I have the address, please?|The Byard Art Museum is located at 14 King's Parade. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes can you book me a taxi to take me to the restaurant from the museum?|Your taxi reservation has been confirmed on a white skoda. Their contact number is 07558835298. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, will there be any theater performances on the next night, Tuesday?|If you want to stay in the south, there is the Junction on Clifton Way. There are also 4 theatres in the center of town. Do you want more information?
Actually that is all I need. thank you for you're help.|You're welcome, have a great day.
I'm looking for a certain hotel called the cityroomz. Can you tell me more about it?|Yes Cityroomz is located in the centre and is on sleeperz hotel, station road. Would you like me to book a reservation for you?
Yes thanks.  There will be 2 of us arriving for 5 nights on Sunday.|I booked you a 5 night stay for two, beginning on Friday.  Enjoy your stay!
I need the reference number please.|Reference number is : 3CJPO87U. Is there anything else you need?
Yes I need to find a restaurant serving Irish food in the center of town that is expensive.|I don't have anything meeting that criteria. Can I try something else?
Aww, that's a bummer. I was really wanting Irish food. How about Indian food? I could go for some good curry.|Okay, how about Curry Garden?
That sounds great. Can you book a table for 2 Sunday at 15:00?|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Reference number is : AIAOBIM7.  Is there anything else?
I also need a taxi to take me from the hotel to the restaurant.  I need it to arrive by the booking time.|Your taxi reservation on a yellow Volvo is complete. You will be picked up at CityRoomz and dropped off at Curry Garden by 15:00. Will that be all today?
Yes, thank you, that will be all.|I hope you enjoy your trip! Goodbye.
I'm looking for a british restaurant in the east.|The Grafton Hotel Restaurant is a British restaurant on the east side of town and it is in the expensive price range. Would you be interested in booking a reservation there?
Yes, please book a table for 2 at 19:00.|Ok.  What day and time would you like me to book a table for 2 at the grafton hotel restaurant?
That should have been for 7 people at 18:00 on Wednesday. Sorry bout that.|Okay. 7 people at 18:00 on Wednesday at the gafton hotel restaurant. I will book a table for you.
Please do that.|Booking was successful they will hold the table for 15 minutes. The reference number is X4Q5EFX1. Do you need anything else?
I also need a train to Cambridge. Leaving after 13:00.|Yes where will you be leaving from?
I am actually leaving from Cambridge and going to Broxbourne.|Okay there are quite a few. When would you like to arrive by?
Anytime is fine, can I have a reference number?|I have booked you for TR5094, it leaves at 14:01, arrives at 15:01 and the cost is 17.90 pounds, the reference number is VMDV3HHZ
Great! I think that is all I need today. Thank you for all your help!|Thank you have a great day.
Thank you, you as well.|It's been a pleasure. Thanks for using our service. Goodbye.
I need a place to eat in the cheap price range.|I see there are 110 restaurants in the cheap price range for you. Is there a certain type of food you are wanting?
Let's see what's near the east area, first.|The Missing Sock is a fantastic international restaurant located in East in your price range.  Would you like further information?
Can you book me a table for five people on Monday at six fourty five?|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Can I please have the reference number?|Your reference number is S31VX69C. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes.  I am looking to visit Ely on Monday and needing to book a train seat to get there.|Yes I will book it for you and get a reference number ?
I would like a mediterranean restaurant, and I don't care what part of town it is in.|Are you looking for something more or less expensive?
The price range does not matter.|la mimosa is a nice Mediterranean restaurant in the centre.
That sounds good.  May I have their phone number?|La Mimosa's phone number is 01223 362525. May I help you with anything else?
Thank you goodbye.|You are very welcome. Have a nice day, goodbye.
I'd like to dine at a restaurant in the west part of town. Can you help me find one?|I would be happy to help you.  There are several restaurants located in the west part of town.  Would you prefer a expensive, moderate or cheap restaurant?
Moderately priced.|There is a very tasty Indian restaurant in the moderate range. It is called Meghna. Would you like their information?
yes please give me the phone number and address of it .|Meghna is located on the west side of town at 205 Victoria Road Chesterton and the phone number is 01223 727410.  Is there any other information you needed?
No, thank you goodbye|Your welcome, goodbye.
Bye!|Thank you for using  the Cambridge restaurant system. Good bye,
I am needed to find a cheap place to dine that serves Indian food.|There are 4 restaurants that meet your needs - 3 in the center of town and 1 in the north. Are you interested in any of these?
I am interested in the one in the north.|That would be Royal Spice then. Would you like me to book it?
Yes, please for 19:00 on Saturday.|For how many people is this booking?
Book a table for 1 person please.|I have confirmed your reservation at royal spice for one on Saturday at 19:00.  Your reference number is 3RFA2T98.  Can I help you with anything else?
I am looking for a place to stay.|There are many hotels in the area, did you have a price range or area you wanted to stay in?
I am looking for an expensive hotel with free parking in the north part of town that is a guesthouse.|I was not able to find any hotels that met those requirements.
How about a guesthouse that is in the cheap price range?|May I suggest the Worth House? It's a 4-star guesthouse located in the north. Alternately, the City Centre North B and B is a 0 star-option. Do you have a preference?
Worth house sounds much nicer. That is cheap correct? If so could you please try and book it for me for 3 nights? Same day and people.|You are booked for Worth House for 3 days starting on Saturday.  Is there anything else I can help you with?
I need the reference number|Your reference number for the Worth House room is RA8UPYY3. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, thank you for your help.|Alright, no problem. Have a nice day!
I need to find an expensive restauant that's in the south section of the city.|There are several restaurants in the south part of town that serve expensive food. Do you have a cuisine preference?
No I don't care about the type of cuisine.|Chiquito Restaurant Bar is a Mexican restaurant located in the south part of town.
What is their address?|There address is 2G Cambridge Leisure Park Cherry Hinton Road Cherry Hinton, it there anything else I can help you with?
What is the food type they serve ?|They serve Mexican food .
Nope, that's what I was looking for. Thanks a lot!|Thank you very much for using the Cambridge Restaurant System.
Please I want to book an expensive restaurant. First however help me find a place to go in town. Is there a nice park?|Yes there are 5 parks to visit, would you prefer one in the north, south, east, or in town centre?
It doesn't really matter, just whatever you recommend.|Milton County Park in the north is free and my humble suggestion.
Could I please have the postcode and area to Milton County Park?|The postcode is cb46az and the area is north.
Are there any restaurants that serve Romanian food in the centre of town?|I'm sorry, there are no Romanian restaurants in the centre. Care to try a different cuisine?
What about Indian food?|There are 5 restaurants that serve indian food in the centre. Any specific price range?
Any of the restaurants is fine. But, can I get a postcode and price range for the one you choose please.|The Golden Curry is expensive and delicious. The postcode is cb12az. Would you like me to make a reservation?
No, thank you. But can you book a taxi from the restaurant to the park?|Yes, do you have a time in mind?
I just need to be leaving the restaurant by 06:15.|I have successfully booked you a White Audi. Would you like their contact number?
Yes, I would like their contact number please.|The contact number for the taxi is 07629467335. Would you like help with anything else?
Nope, that's all I need. Thanks a bunch!|You're welcome. Goodbye.
Can you help me find somewhere to stay in the south? I want it to be moderately priced please.|there are 2. one with 4 star another with 3. which one do you prefer?
Either is fine but I would need to have wifi included, this is a business trip.|I have 2 that offer free wifi. One is rated 3 stars, the other is 4. Do you have a preference?
How about the 4 stars one.|That would be the Aylesbray Lodge Guest House. Would you like to make a booking?
Not right now.  I'm also looking for a restaurant in the same price range that serves Indian food.  Can you help me with that?|I have many to choose from. Can you specify the area?
I would like it in the south.|It looks like there aren't any in the south.  Would you like to try a different area?
No, how about indian food?|rajmahal is in the west and moderately priced, shall I book you?
Yes, please. I would also like a taxi to leave the hotel by 21:00.|Alright, and what is your destination?
First, may I have the address for the rajmahal restaurant? Then, I want to get from the hotel to the restaurant, please.|Rajmahal is located at 7 Barnwell Road, Fen Ditton in the east side. I've also booked your taxi, departing by 21:00. You'll be taking a yellow VW, the number is 07875116115.
thank you that will be all|I'm glad I could assist you today. Have a good rest of the day.
Hi, I'm looking for a hotel in town with free parking and free wifi.|The Ashley Hotel is a 2 star hotel and has free internet and parking. Would you like to book a room there now?
Is it a guesthouse?|No, it's a hotel. Would you prefer a guesthouse?
Yes, I definitely want a guesthouse.|There are 21 different guesthouses in the cambridge area. Did you have a certain area you wished to stay in?
The area doesn't matter as long as I can book it for 8 people for 5 nights starting Friday|There are 21 guest houses that meet that criteria. Do you have a price range or star rating preference?
I would prefer at least three stars, please.|I'm sorry, but there seems to be an error in my system. Could you please restate your requirements?
I am looking for a gueshouse type hotel with at least three stars for 8 people for 5 nights starting Friday.|Rosa's Bed and Breakfast is a four star guesthouse at extremely reasonable rates. Would you like me to see if I can book you there?
Yes, please. Can I get the reference number, please?|Alright, your room has been booked for 8 people, 5 nights starting Friday. Your reference number is CKLFOESQ. Can I help you with anything else?
I would like to book a taxi to commute|Where would you like the taxi to take you, and when would you like to be picked up?
Well I suppose I should choose a restaurant first. Do you know of a seafood restaurant on the west side of town?|I'm sorry but there are no seafood restaurants in that part of town. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I'd like to find a restaurant that serve italian food and book a table for everybody at 14:45 the day i leave|I'm sorry there are no tables available for 8 at that time. Would you like to try a different time?
No, I need the same time. Are there other Italian restaruants on the west side?|Yes there are 2 italian restaurants in the west side, one is prezzo, the other la margherita.  Do you prefer cheap or moderate price?
Let's go with the moderate price. Can you please make the reservation for 8 people?|Unfortunately the booking was not successful.
Can you please try to make a reservation at the cheap location then for 14:45 for 8 people on friday?|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : L09JJ3XT. Is there anything else I can help with?
Can you help me book a taxi from Rosa's B&B to the restaurant that will get me there by 14:45 when my table is ready?|Sure, I have booked your car a blue ford Contact number 07599887198. Can I help with anything else?
No, that should be it.  Thanks.|Great! Have a wonderful day and enjoy your meal!
I would like inexpensive Turkish food.|I'm sorry I do not show anything available. Would you like to try something else?
Ok, how about an Italian restaurant?|There are 5 listings matching your criteria. Do you have a preference on the area?
I do not have a preference of area as long as it's cheap. Please make a suggestion.|Ask is an Italian restaurant in the cheap priced category, and is the centre of town.
Can I get the address and phone number?|Ask is at 12 Bridge Street City Centre and can be reached at 01223 364917. Can I help you anything else today?
No, thank you. Good bye.|You're welcome, enjoy your food.
I need help finding a place to eat called curry garden.|Curry garden is an expensive restaurant that serves Indian food. Do you want me to book it for you?
Yes can I make a reservation for 1 people at 16:15 on wednesday?|I'm sorry, there are no available tables at that time. Would you like me to look for a different restaurant?
How about a different place to eat in the same area and price range? Can you book it and I need the reference number.|I have booked the Kymmoy restaurant for 1 at 16:15 pm on Wednesday.  It is an expensive asian restaurant in the centre. Your reservation number is N08TP996.
Wonderful, thank you.  That is all I need for today.  Bye.|Your welcome. Have a great day.
I'm looking to go to Cambridge and need an indian restaurant in the east.|I have several. I have two options that are moderately priced and two that are expensive. Did you have a preference on price range?
Price doesn't matter. What is your favorite?|I like Curry Prince, its on 451 Newmarket Road Fen Ditton.
Thanks! please make a reservation for 5 at 12:45 on saturday.|It was all booked, reference number is 44HT5TVB.
Great, thanks! Can you help me with train schedules too? I need to travel on the same day from Bishops Stortford.|There are a few trains that day depending on when you'd like to depart. How's 9:29 and arriving at 10:07?
Does that train head to cambridge?|Yes, it is 38 minutes of travel and costs 8.08 pounds; would you like to book a ticket?
Yes please.  Book it for Saturday for 5 people as well.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 40.4 GBP payable at the station. Reference number is : JFGE7RPD. Is there anything else I can help with?
No that is all you done a great job thank you.|Thank you for contacting us and you have a great day.
What are my options for cheap restaurants in the city center?|There  are 15 options to choose from.  Is there a particular style of food you would like?
I don't have a style preference.|Well how about Asian oriental? I have several good but cheap options.
That sounds wonderful, can you book a table for 5 on Tuesday at 15:15?|Certainly! I have made a reservation at dojo noodle bar for the time specified and number of people in your party.  Enjoy the restaurant!
I am looking for a cheap restaurant in the west part of the city please.|There is an Italian or Vietnamese restaurant. Which do you prefer?
It doesn't matter. I need to be able to seat 8 people on Tuesday at 17:00.|I was able to book you at thanh binh, your reference number is H0K8XFPQ.
Ok great thank you. Have a great day!|Thanks! I hope you have a great day!
I am looking for a moderately priced restaurant in the centre.|There are 21 options for moderately priced food in the centre. What type of food are you looking for?
I'm hoping to have some european food.|There are 4 restaurants that meet your specifications: Hotel Du Vin and Bistro, Galleria, De Luca Cucina and Bar, and Riverside Brasserie. Do any of these meet your liking?
The first one sounds nice. I'd like to make a reservation for 2 people at 13:30 on Thursday.|Great. I'll make the reservation for you at the hotel du vin and bistro. Is there anything else I can do for you?
Could I have the reference number please?|Your reference number is 2AIO16E6, is there anything else you need?
I am also looking for a train that goes to Stevenage.|What other information can you give me about this train ride?
I'd like to leave on Friday and get there by 15:30|There are 5 trains leaving Cambridge with that arrival time. What time would you like to leave?
The latest departure time would work best. thank you.|Ok great, can you please confirm your departure location?
I'll be departing from Cambridge. What will the ticket cost me?|Your train trip would cost you 12.80 pounds. Would you like me to book it?
No thanks. That won't be necessary. Have a great day. Thanks. Bye.|You're welcome. You have a great day as well. Bye!
I'm looking for a place to dine that serves expensive european food.|There are five restaurants that meet your criteria. 3 are in the center of town, 1 is in the north, and 1 is in the west. Do you have a preference?
Any of those should be fine. Can you see if you can get me a table for 2 at 14:45 on Saturday?|Booking was unsuccessful for all restaurants. Would you like to try for another day or time slot?
I would like for you to find me one on Saturday after 12:00. Can you please book me for one with that time in mind?|This time slot was also not available.  Was there another day or time I could try to book for your restaurant visit?
Are there any times which are available on Saturday?|I'm sorry, but I'm experiencing some system errors. Can you please restate your preferred time for your reservation?
I would like a reservation at an expensive european restaurant anywhere in town at 13:45 on Saturday. Can I please have a reference number?|Thank you for restating your requirements clearly. Your table is reserved, and your reference number is DMIEPETY. Can I help with anything else today?
I'm looking for a train from Leicester to Cambridge leaving on Saturday and arriving by 10:00. I need the train ID, travel time, and departure time for that train.|Train TR2969 leave Leicester at 08:09 and arrives at 09:54, travel time is 105 minutes and the cost is 30.24 pounds.  Would you like me to book it?
Yes please and thank you|Of course! How many tickets would you like?
I only need one ticket for myself.|Sure. Reference number is VM04EL37 and the fee is  30.24 GBP
Thank you so much. That is all I needed.|Thank you. Have a good day.
i need information about colleges in the centre part of town.|There are 13 colleges in this area. Maybe we can narrow your search. Are there certain colleges or is there certain information I can help you with?
I have no preference but can I get a phone number to one of them?|Corpus Christi is my favorite, and well worth the 2-pound admission fee. Their phone number is 01223338000.
I am also looking for a moderately priced restaurant in the same area as Corpus Christi.|There are 21. What kind of cuisine would you like?
I am looking for Asian Oriental.|yippee noodle bar meets that criteria!
Great. Can you please make a reservation for 4? We'd like to arrive around 18:45 on Wednesday.|Ok.  I was able to book that table for you.  Your reference number is V0XV1NRC.
thanks so much for all of your help!|Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
That is all thank you|I am glad we can help. enjoy your stay !
Thank you, that is all I need.|Ok, good bye enjoy your day.
Hello, I am looking for a restaurant called hotel du vin bistro.|I have the Hotel Du Vin and Bistro located at 15 - 19 Trumpington Street. Their phone number is 01223227330. Is there anything else you'd like to know?
Yes, do you happen to know what their price range is?|It is a moderately priced restaurant.
Thank you, I am also looking for colleges in the west area, can you give me more info on those?|sure, there are five in that area.
Okay can you please give me the address and phone number to one that you recommend?|churchill college is in the west. it is free. their address is storey's way and their phone number is 01223336233. is there something else i can help you with?
I'll need a taxi to get to the restaurant from the college|When would you like to depart or arrive by?
I want to leave the college by 17:45.|look out for  blue audi and the contact is  07704105675
Thanks so much for all of your help today.  I won't be needing anything else.  Bye.|Thank you for contacting the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Goodbye
I'm looking for a Chinese restaurant.|There is a moderately priced one in the City Centre, a noodle bar.
Are there any in the north side of town?|I have three can I get you price range?
any price range is fine with me. please book for mea table for 8 peopleat 13:45 on friday. please get me  the reference number|Okay, I've booked a table for you and your guests at Haaka on Milton Road in Chesterton. Your reference number is U47769KH.
Thank you! I also need a train going to Broxbourne.|Sure, I can help you with that.  Where were you wanting to depart from?
i'm leaving from cambridge|a train leaves every hour from cambridge to broxbourne.  Is there a particular day and time you need?
I need to leave on Saturday.|What time do you need to arrive at your destination or depart?
I need to arrive at Broxbourne by 16:45|Can you book it for me and get a reference number ?
Can you help me find an expensive restaurant in the town centre?|There are many high class restaurants in town centre, is there a particular cuisine you'd prefer?
I was thinking maybe trying something european.|Eraina is an expensive European restaurant in the city centre, would you like me to book that for you?
That sounds great! Can I book a talbe for 7 people at 17:30 on Wednesday?|Your booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. The reference number is 0UD63QC0. Can I assist you with anything else today.
No, that's it.  Thanks.|Thank you for contacting us. Have a great day.
I am trying to plan my trip in Cambridge and need a place to dine.   I need something kind of moderate for price and on the west side.|We have three restaurants.  Do you prefer British, Indian or Italian cuisine?
How about thai?  Are there any thai restaurants in the west of the moderate price range?|I'm sorry, there aren't any moderately priced Thai restaurants in the West.
That is okay. An Indian restaurant would be great, which place do you recommend?|we still cant find any of that criteria. can we change location?
Yes try a different location.|I can't find any indian places in the moderately priced range. Can I try something else?
maybe you could check any price range.|kohinoor is a cheap indian restaurant located in the centre.
May I have the phone number for that place?|The phone number is 012233236939.
What is the departure time?|7:00 , dop you need anything else ?
Can you give me information on hotels in the centre?|What price range are you looking for?
Not interested in the price, but I would like it to be a 4-star hotel.|We have two. I recommend the alexander bed and breakfast guesthouse.
I'm sorry. I needed a hotel, not a guesthouse.|The University Arms Hotel meets your criteria. Would you like to make a booking or more information?
Yes please. I need it to be for 1 person for 2 nights starting on Friday.|Your reservation at university arms hotel this friday for 3 days 2 nights for 1 person was successful. Your Reference number is : ZUWP7UJK.
Great, can you also find me a Japanese food restaurant in the expensive price range?|Wagamana is good fit. Would you like me to make a reservation for you?
Yes.  Can you please book a table for one at 12:45 on Friday?|I have completed that booking. The reference number is A2Q5X07S. Can I do anything else today?
Thanks so so much! That's all now, bye!|You are very welcome! Take care!
I'm looking for an inexpensive African restaurant.|Sorry, no matches matched your search. Do you want a different price range?
No thank you. Is there any inexpensive restaurants that serve Asian oriental food?|Yes, Dojo Noodle Bar and J Restaurant in the city centre both have what you're looking for. Would you like to book a table at one of them?
That sounds great. Would you book either of those for me for Wednesday at 20:00 for 6 people?|I was able to book at J restaurant for you. Your reference number is 3KVIT5AR. They will only hold the table for 15 minutes. Is there anything else?
Nope that sounds great, thank you|You're welcome. Enjoy your meal!
I'm looking for a restaurant recommendation.|I would love to assist. Do you have a price range in mind?
Yes, I am looking for a expensive scottish restaurant.|Sorry there are no records matching your request. Would you like to change your request?
Okay, let's try for an expensive Italian restaurant instead.|I have 5 different ones. 4 are in the centre of town and 1 is in the south. Do you have a preference?
No, I just need a resrvation for 7 people at 17:45 on monday.|Okay. Your booking was successful. Your reference number is 42WW4454. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Thank you. Could you help me find a museum that is in the east?|Yes, you might want to try the gallery at twelve a high street in fulbourn.
Thank you so much. Do you know if there is an admission charge?|Great news, admission is free for that museum. Anything else I can help you with today?
Can you also tell me the phone number and postcode?|Their phone number is 01223295264, and postcode is cb15dh.
Great! Thank you for all your help.|Thank you for allowing me to help you, have a great day.
You too! Thanks.|You are very welcome.
I'm looking for a particular hotel called "rosa's bed and breakfast".|I've located Rosa's Bed and breakfast, would you like me to assist you with booking a room?
Yes, please. I would like to book a room for 3 people for 2 nights, starting from Sunday.|I have made your reservation.  The reservation number is BNNZYCCS.  Can I help you with anything else?
Yes, I am looking for molecular gastronomy restaurant located in the Centre that is expensive.|I am sorry. We don't have any expensive molecular gastronomy restaurants in city centre. Would you be  interested in a gastropub instead?
Actually, how about Chinese?|We have 4 great places. I'm partial to the Ugly Duckling, myself. Would you like to book a table?
Sounds great. I need that for 3 people on Sunday at 13:30 please.|Would you like me to make the reservation for you?
Yes, please!|I'm sorry, I am unable to book the table for that time. Is there another time, or restaurant you would like me to try?
Oh, that's a shame. Okay, can you try the same time on Friday instead, please?|second time is a charm, you are booked for friday, the reference number is YJR4PW5V, any other questions?
No that is all. Thanks!|You are quite welcome.  Have a wonderful day.
I need the address and phone number of a restaurant in the south part of town.|There are nine restaurants in the south part of town. What kind of food would you like?
I don't care.|Chiquito restaurant bar is in the south part of town. It's address is 2G Cambridge Leisure Park Cherry Hinton Road Cherry Hinton, and it's phone number is 01223 400170.
Can you tell me what kind of food they serve?|Chiquito restaurant bar serves Mexican food.
I want one in the moderate priced range. What is the price range of Chiquito restaurant?|I'm afraid Chiquito restaurant bar is expensive. Pizza Hut Cherry Hinton is a moderately priced Italian restaurant in the south.
What is the address for Pizza Hut Cherry Hinton?|Their address is G4 Cambridge Leisure Park Clifton Way Cherry Hinton.
sorry what is the area again?|it is located in the south part of town
Thank you, goodbye|Have a nice day.
I am planning a trip to Cambridge|Do you need a train? Or would you like information on restaurants, attractions, or hotels?
I need a train for friday?|There are hundreds of trains I can book for you. Where are you going and what time do you need to be there?
I'm going from Cambridge to Broxbourne, departing after 20:45 on Friday.|The first train after that time is TR8966. It leaves at 21:01 and arrives in Broxbourne at 22:01. Would that work or do you prefer a later train?
That is fine, can I also get the total travel time for that?|The travel time for that route is 60 minutes. Did you need any tickets?
no thanks, i'm also looking for an italian restaurant|Okay! What part of town would you like to dine in?
I don't care, should be in the cheap price range.|La Margherita is a great place located in the west. Would you like a reservation?
No reservation for now. But, can you please provide me with the address and postcode please?|Sure. It's located on 15 Magdalene Street City Centre and the postcode there is cb30af. Would you like the phone number as well?
Yes. please thank you.|The phone number for La Margherita is 01223315232. Can I assist you with something else?
That is all, thank for your help.|That's wonderful. Have a great day and let me know what I can do for you if you need me in the future.
Are you able to find me a french expensive restaurant?|There are 2 expensive French restaurants. Restaurant Two Two, and Cote. Which would you like to book?
I like the sound of Restaurant Two Two, could you give me their postcode, address and phone number?|Restaurant Two Two is located at 22 Chesterton Road, Chesterton. Their postcode is cb43ax. You can reach them at 01223351880. Any other information I can provide?
No, that's everything I needed today. Thank you.|You're quite welcome! Thanks for contacting the Cambridge TownInfo Centre and have a great day!
I'm looking for a restaurant in the center of town that is in the moderate price range.|There are 21 restaurants available in the center of town in the moderate price range. Do you have a preference on the type of food?
I want a russian food restaurant.|We have no russian restaurants with those criteria. Another type of food perhaps?
What about one that serves italian food?|I have two that fit this criteria. Pizza Express at Regent Street City Centre and pizza express Fen Ditton at Jesus Lane Fen Ditton. Would you like any other information?
Yes, may I please have the postcode, address, and phone number of the Pizza Express at Regent Street?|The postcode is cb21db, phone number is 01223324033, and address is Regent Street City Centre
Thank you! I'm also looking for a hotel in the same area.|Certainly, I have 5 hotels in the Centre area one is moderately priced, are there any other criteria such as price, or type?
I would like one that includes free wifi please|There are 4 that have free wifi, the Alexander Bed and Breakfast is a guesthouse that is cheaply priced in that area, would you be interested in that?
Yes that would be great do they have free parking?|Yes, they have free parking and free wifi. Would you like to book a room?
That's not necessary, could you just give me their phone number please?  I also need some help finding a taxi to commute from the hotel to restaurant.|The phone number for the guesthouse is 01223525725.  What time do you want the taxi to pick you up to take you to the restaurant?
8:15 please is when I want the taxi to pick me up.|Okay I have booked a taxi for you.   It will be a gray ford and the contact number is 07939411352 in case you need to make any modifications.
Okay great. That is all I need.|Thank you for using our service. Have a great day!
I am looking for an Italian restaurant in the west part of town. Could I also get the phone number and address of the restaurant?|There is La Margherita and Prezzo. Which one were you looking for?
I dont care.|Prezzo is an Italian restaurant in the west of town, and is in the moderate price range. The address is 21 - 24 Northampton Road and the phone number is 01799 521260.
Thank you.|You're welcome. Let us know if we can help you with anything else.
I am looking for some Italian food today.|We have several Italian restaurants in town! Do you have a certain area or price range in mind?
Are any located in the Centre?|There are 9 Italian restaurants located in Centre, would you like a recommendation or do you have a particular price point in mind?
I'd love a recommendation. I'm looking to book a table for 4 at 17:30 on Saturday.|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes at the stazione restaurant and coffee bar. Address is Market Hill City Centre
Reference number is : OHN98K8U.
Thanks. can you help me with a cheap place to stay also in the centre of town?|I have 2 cheap hotels that are cheap in the centre.  Would you like to book one of them?
Yes, but the place will also need to have 4 stars and free parking.|I am sorry but I did not find one with your request, with free parking and 4 stars, can I help you find one in a different area?
Really? Can you try again? A 4 star accommodation (type doesnt matter) that is cheap and in the centre with parking|I have found one result, a guesthouse. It is alexander bed and breakfast.
Okay. I'll need that booked for 4 people and 5 nights beginning saturday. Please send a reference number.|Your booking at the Alexander Bed and Breakfast for a party of 4 for Saturday for 6 days 5 nights was successful.  Your Reference number is:X8LLFDAV. Anything else today?
Thank you, but that is all I need for now.|Thank you for using our services.
I would like a restaurant that serves world food. It should be a really good restaurant, and it's OK if it's expensive.|There are no matching restaurants
How about Italian ? I would like to go to nice place with great atmosphere and expensive, I would like the address, phone number and area|Caffe Uno is located at 32 Bridge Street City Centre and their phone number is 01223 448620.
Thank you goodbye|enjoy your meal!
I am looking for a place to eat in expensive price range that serves Turkish food.|I have the Meze bar restaurant in the centre of town, would that be good?
That sounds great, can you book a table for 3 for me?|Of course, when would you like that reservation?
Yes, for three people at 13:45 on Tuesday. Thanks!|Unfortunately there is no availability at that time. Would you like to try another time?
Let's try 12:45.|I was able to book you, your reference number is 0AK1Q2QD, can I help with anything else?
Yes, I'm also looking for an attraction called the cafe jello gallery, can I get their phone number please?|Cafe Jello Gallery's phone number is 01223312112. Is there anything else we can do for you today?
Can you book me a taxi between those two locations?|I sure can! Which is your departure site (the restaurant or the gallery), and what time would you like the car?
I would like arrive by 12:45|Alright, I was able to book you a car to go from the Cafe Jello Gallery to the Meze Bar Restaurant where you will arrive by 12:45.
Great. Can i have the contact number and car type?|It is a black ford, and the contact number is 07140981001
Fantastic, thank you, that should be all.|you are welcome to use our services any time
I'm looking for a good Chinese place with a cheap price range.|There are four Chinese restaurants in the cheap price range. What part of town do you prefer?
The south area please.|The Lucky Star is located in the southern area. Did you want me to book you a table?
Yes, please. I'd like to make a reservation for 8 people at 12:30 on Tuesday. Can I have the reference number for the reservation?|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Reference number is : 8TES0QAT. Anything else today?
Thank you. I'm also looking for a two star hotel near there with free parking.|There is no hotels that are 2 stars and offer free parking in the south. There is one in the east if you are interested. But it is expensive.
The east is OK, is that one a guesthouse style?|No, the only 2-star locations with free parking are all hotels, not guesthouses.
Oh well then. Can I ask what 4 star guesthouses with free parking are around?|Sure. On the south side of town we have the Aylesbray Lodge guest house is a moderately priced 4 star hotel. or Rosa's Bed and Breakfast, which is also 4 star, but has cheap rates.
Alright, let's go with Rosa's Bed and Breakfast then, that's a guesthouse at least?|What day do you want the reservation and for how many days and how many people?
I would like the reservation for 2 nights starting Tuesday. It will be for 8 people.|Great! You're booked with reference number 0E530A7J. How else may I assist you?
That's all I needed. Thank you!|Okay. Glad I could assist. Please call us anytime.
Thank you . Have a good day.|Thank you for using our system.
I need a morrocan food place. Are there any around here?|unfortunately, there isn't any moroccan restaurants in town, would you like something else?
Please look for something Asian Oriental instead.|I have several. Is there an area of town you prefer?
No it doesn't matter, what do you recommend?|I would be happy to recommend one. There are five possible choices. Their prices range from cheap to expensive. What is your price preference?
Cheap price range is what I neeed|Dojo noodle bar is in the cheap price range. Do you want me to book it for you?
Yes, please book a table for 6 people on Wednesday at 18:15, please.|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : K361YCMI. Will there be anything else today?
That's great, I need a train for the same day, arriving at 11:45 from london kings cross to cambridge.|TR3810 would fit your needs. Can I book it for you?
can i get the ticket price and the departure time please?|How many tickets would you like?  The train departs at 09:17.
I actually don't need a ticket. I just need the departure time and price.|Sure! The departure time is 9:17. Is there anything else I can do for you?
How much does that cost?|The cost is 23.60 pounds, shall I book it for you?
Not at this time but thank you.|Are you sure there isn't anything else you need today?
No thank you.|Thank you for contacting us and have a nice day.
Really would like to find a place that serves Indian food in the North|I have the nirala whch is moderate priced and the royal spice which is cheap. Do you want to make a booking at one?
How about the cheap one?|Certainly, and on what day would you like to reserve a table at royal spice?
no i would like the postcode and address|Their address and postcode is Victoria Avenue Chesterton, cb41eh. Will that be all?
i am also looking for a train that goes to cambridge|Ok, where will you be coming from?
I'll be leaving Stevenage. I'd like to arrive by 19:45, if possible?|Ok, what day would you like to leave?
Would be traveling on Sunday.|There are 7 trains, starting at 05:54, and departing every two hours. The ride is 49 minutes long. Which train would you like? All get you there by 19:45.
I would like the first train.|Train TR1542 is the first train. Would you like me to book it?
That would be great. Ill need 6 tickets|Booking was successful, the total fee is 61.44 GBP payable at the station .
Reference number is : 0U82YPD7.
Great, thank you! That's all that I need. Have a great day!|Have a nice day.
Hi, I am looking for information on places to go in town.  Can you suggest some things?|Sure, I can help you with that.  Is there a specific kind of attraction or part of town you were interested in going to?
I would like to visit a college in the centre of town please.|There are several colleges in the centre of town, I recommend corpus christi it does cost 2 pounds to visit but it is beautiful.
What is the address for that?|Corpus Christi College is located at King's Parade, postcode is cb21rh. Anything else I can do for you today?
Yes, I am looking for a restaurant someone recommended. It's called la raza? Do you have any information on that?|It is located in the centre of town,serves spanish food and is on the cheap price range.
Do you have the postcode for that?|The postcode for la raza is cb2311. May I help you with anything else today?
That's all I need for now thanks for your help.|Thank you for contacting us today. Have a nice day.
Hello, I am looking for a Lebanese restaurant in any area. Could you please provide me with a phone number and postcode? I'm very hungry and need food!!|Ali baba is a lebanese restaurant in the centre of town. Their phone number is 01462 432565 and the postcode is C.B 2, 1 N.T
Thank you, goodbye!|You're welcome!
thank you goodbye|Thank you, goodbye.
I need a restaurant in the centre that serves British food.|I have about 7 different ones available. Are you looking for a certain price range?
Yes, cheap. I am not looking for anything expensive.|I'm so sorry, but they all fall into the moderate or expensive price ranges. Would you be interested in any of those?
Yes, I would be. Can you list out several of them for me so I can pick?|restaurant one seven is located at De Vere University Arms Regent Street City Centre and is moderately priced, the oak bistro is at 6 Lensfield Road and is also moderately priced
I apologize, disregard what was said before, I will actually just need the expensive british ones, in the centre area|fitzbillies restaurant, the cambridge chop house, and midsummer house restaurant. do any of those interest you?
Fitzbillies will be fine. Can I get the contact information, please?|Phone, 01223352500. Anything else?
I also need the postcode and address please.|The address is 51 Trumpington Street City Centre. The postcode is cb21rg.
thank you that will be all good bye|Okay. Glad I could be of help.
I want to find a restaurant serves corsica food please.|We have no matching results.
How about gastropub?|What part of town would you like?
I do not care|Does the price range matter to you?
Nah, whatever you can find is cool.|There are four results matching your query: backstreet bistro, royal standard, the cow pizza kitchen and bar, and the slug and lettuce.
What is the address of Backstreet bistro?  Phone number and post code?|The Backstreet Bistro's address is 2 Sturton Street City Centre, postcode is C.B 1, 2 Q.A and the phone number is 01223 306306.  Anything else I can help you with?
That is all. Thank you, goodbye.|Enjoy the restaurant and have a nice day. Good bye.
I'm looking for a restaurant that offers British food in a moderate price range, can you help me with that?|Yes I have many in the center of town and on in the west. Do you have a preference for area?
Let's try the west.|I have one in the west called Saint Johns Chop House. Would you like  a reservation here?
For now, can I just get the phone number and postcode?|Their number is 01223353110. Postcode is cb30ad.
Thanks, that's everything I need.|Thank you for choosing Cambridge TownInfo Centre.
Can you please help me find a cheap italian restaurant?|I show five that fit your criteria. May I ask the location you are in? This would help refine our search.
It doesn't matter what area. Can you book a table for 2 people at 11:00 on Wednesday.|Would you like more details on any of the available restaurants before booking a table?
If there is one that you know of that you recommend, that would be fine. I don't know any, so some guidance would be great.|How about la margherita?
Okay as long as it's in the same price range.|La Margherita was unavailable. I was able to book you at Zizzi Cambridge which is in the same price range. Your reference number is QRJ5MP30. Is this acceptable?
Great Yes it is and thank you.|Will you be needing anything else today?
No, that's all. Thanks again for your help.|Thank you for using our service.
Hi I would like to find a moderate priced place to stay with free parking.|There are 14 results which fit your request. Do you want information for the places with a 4 star rating?
I'd like a 4 star hotel in the south, yes.|The Aylesbray Lodge Guest House fits your needs. It's a moderately-priced, 4-star guesthouse in the south. I can book a room for you, if you like!
That is a guest house?|Yes this is a moderately priced guesthouse.
Thanks so much.  Also can you provide me information about a restaurant called the copper kettle?|I have that here. What would you like to know?
what area is it in?|South would you like me to book it for you ?
I am looking for a gastropub in the south.|I'm sorry I couldn't find any Gastropubs in the South. Is there another type or area which you would like to try?
Are there any Gastropubs in town?|As a matter of fact, it appears all of the gastropubs in Cambridge have closed. Is there anything else that interests you?
How about a modern European cuisine in the south area?|There is a restaurant called restaurant alimentum that meets your criteria.
Let's book that for 12:45 on Tuesday. It will be for 7 people.|I am sorry but that time is not available. Would you like to try another time or day perhaps?
Could you try 11:45 please?|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : 8HB62Z6W. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, I'd like to see some entertainment near the restaurant. Could you recommend me something good?|How about Tenpin in the south?
Is it located near Alimentum? I'm looking for something in the same area as the restaurant.|Yes, it is. Nusha is in the South as well.
That will do. Please get me their address.|The address is cambridge leisure park, clifton way. Can I do anything else for you?
Yes, I would like to book a taxi from the restaurant to the entertainment.|Sure. What time would you like to leave the restaurant?
It doesn't matter, I just need to get there.|It's all booked, you're looking for a black volkswagen and their contact number is 07263669645.
Great, thank you so much for your help! That's everything I'll need today!|Thank you for contacting Cambridge TownInfo centre. Goodbye!
Splendid!  Thank you for all your help.  That's all I need.  Goodbye.|Have a great day!
I am looking for a local restaurant in the south that offers modern European cuisine|I found one for you called restaurant alimentum. Would you like me to book it for you?
Yes!|What day would you like to book your reservation?
Two people at 11:15 for 2 people.|For which day shall I book the table?
Tuesday, please.|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : IMSY2GMJ. Is there anything else I can do for you today?
No, thank you|Have a great day!
I need to book train tickets.|sure, where are you headed?
I need a train that is headed to london kings cross and i need to arrive by 20:30.|I can help with that. What day will you be travelling?
I will be leaving Saturday.|We have 8 trains to London Kings Cross that day. Is there any particular time you'd like to leave by?
i would like to leave at 16:20|The TR8134 leaves at 17:00. Will that be okay?
Yes, that would be fine. I don't need tickets, I just need the travel time, price, and train ID.|The train id is TR0427, it leaves cambridge at 19:00 and arrives at london kings cross at 19:51. The cost is 18.88 pounds. May i be of further assistance.
Thank you! I also need to find a moderately priced restaurant in the centre of town. Do you have any suggestions?|There are quite a few to choose from. Do you have a cuisine preference?
No but I need it for 7 people on the same day.|the oak bistro is a moderately priced british restaurant in the centre. Would you like me to complete a booking there?
Sure! It will be 7 people at 16:00 on saturday. Please give me the reference number.|Unfortunately, I am unable to book at this time.
Thank you for your time.|I was able to reserve a spot for you at Restaurant One Seven. Here is your reference number, 3HSTWXS7.
That's all I need assistance with today. Thank you.|You are welcome enjoy.
I'm looking for a local restaurant to dine at that serves english food and is moderately priced.|Oh no!  There no english restaurants that I can find right now.  Would something else work?
I'm looking for something with a moderate price range near the centre.|Like I aid there are no listings for english food,another type of food?
Are there any restaurants that serve british food?|There are four restaurants that serve British food near the centre that are moderately priced. Do you want more information on these restaurants?
Yea can you recommend one and get my the phone number please?|it is called restaurant one seven and there phone number is 01223337766
i'm also looking for a train.|Where would you be departing from and when would you like to leave?
Im leaving Cambridge at 11:00|What is your destination?
nevermind, i'm going to cambridge not from it. i'm leaving from norwich|I have booked you on TR8662 which leaves Norwich at 11:16 on Friday and takes 79 min to get to Cambridge for 17.60 pounds. Reference R42CEKG8
Actually, I am traveling on Tuesday. I need to leave after Norwich after 15:45. I need a booking for 7 people.|So you want to cancel the other booking?
No i will keep it|Okay thank you for calling.
Actually, sorry. Do cancel the other booking because I didn't ask for it. Make the booking for 7 people on a train leaving after 15:45 from norwich to cambridge on tuesday|Your tickets have been booked. Your new reference number is 8XIKH0Z9.
Perfect. Sorry about all the confusion and thanks for your help. Have a great day.|Glad to have been of help. Thank you for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Have a great day
I'm looking for places to go in town. Can you search in the area of south?|We have several great options. The Byard Art museum is popular and has free admission.
That sounds lovely. What's their phone number?|Oh they really are lovely. And the number is 	01223464646.
Thank you. I am also looking for an expensive Italian restaurant.|Sure, there are 5 expensive Italian restaurants for you to choose from. Is that a specific area you would like the restaurant to be in?
I'd like one near the museum in the south.|We only have one listing for an Italian restaurant in the south.  It's located at Cambridge Leisure Park Clifton Way Cherry Hinton.  Does this interest you?
Yes.  I need a table for 8 at 11:00 on Tuesday.|I was able to book the table for eight on Tuesday 11:00.  The reference number is  R8O6B9DF.  The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Thank you, can I also get a taxi between the two places?|Absolutely! When would you like to arrive at or leave by?
I'd like to get to the restaurant by my reservation time.|I was able to book a black honda contact number is 07790378961
Thank you so much. You took care of everything. Thanks. Bye.|Thank you for using our service. Have a great day! Goodbye.
I am looking a hotel to stay in. Could you find me one on the more expensive side? But it doesn't need free parking.|Sorry, nothing falls under those categories. Shall I check one WITH free parking?
Yes, give that a try please. I also need free wifi.|May I recommend the express by holiday inn cambridge? I'd like to know how many people are staying as well.
That sounds good.  I need to check the number of people before I book.|I have 5 different lovely hotels. How many are we booking for please?
I'm not sure yet, but I'll probably only need one room. I forgot to mention, the hotel needs to be located in the centre of town.|There are two expensive hotels centrally located with free WIFI and parking.  The University Arms Hotel has a 4 star rating, would you like more information about it?
Yes. I am interested to know the postcode, and if it is a hotel or guesthouse.|It is a hotel, and it has the postcode of cb21ad. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Yes, I'm looking for a chinese restaurant in the same part of town as the hotel. What's around?|We have many Chinese restaurants in the center of town, ranging from cheap to expensive. Does price range matter?
No, it does not. Please give me the address, phone number, and postcode of any 1 restaurant that matches my criteria.|Let's go with jinling noodle bar. The address is 11 Peas Hill City Centre, the phone number is 01223566188 and the postcode is cb23pp.
That's great. Thank you so much for all of your help today.|Okay. Glad I could be of assistance.
I think that will be all|Have a wonderful trip.
I'm looking for a particular restaurant called michaelhouse cafe.|Michaelhouse Cafe is an expensive restaurant in the center of town. It serves european food and is located at St. Michael's Church Trinity Street City Centre.
I would like to book a table at this restaurant for 5 people at 15:00 on monday.|Sure thing you're all set. Your reference number is 8P12NA4L. Can I help you with anything else today?
Yes, I am also looking for a hotel. I think it is called the Cambridge belfry.|The cambridge belfry is a cheap hotel in the west area. Do you want to book any rooms?
First can you give me the postcode, star rating, and a more specific price range?|The postcode is cb236bw and star rating is 4. I can only tell you that it is in the cheap price range.
Well thank you very much. I think that's all I need for now!|Absolutely. Enjoy your trip!
Yes, I need to take a train from Kings Lynn on monday, can you help me?|We have 19 trains going that route monday the first departure is at 05:11AM and going hourly from there, what time did you have in mind?
I need to arrive in Cambridge by 16:00. What are my options?|There are two that arrive closest to your requested time; TR2257 arrives by 14:58 and TR1863 arrives by 15:58. Would either of those work best for you?
Can I have the price, travel time, and departure time for the TR1863, please?|The price for this train is 9.80 pounds.The departure time is at 15:11 and the trip is a total of 47 minutes.
Thanks. I'm also looking for Peking Restaurant.|Peking restaurant is expensive chinese food in the south area. The address is 10 Homerton Street City Centre. Would you like me to make reservations for you?
Thank you! Will you please book a table for 4 people at 20:30 on the same day?|Your table has been booked for 4 people on Monday.  Reference number is Z7TQCT8F.  Is there anything i can help you with today?
That will be all. Thank you.|I hope you have a good stay in town.  Please feel free to call back with any questions.  Goodbye.
I would like a moderately priced steakhouse restaurant.|There are no moderately priced steakhouse restaurants. Would you like to change your query?
How about moderately priced British food?|There are four options in centre and one option in west. Do you have a preference on the area?
Can you give me the phone numbers please|Do you want the phone numbers to Restaurant One Seven?
Okay, so may I have the number please?|Restaurant One Seven's phone number is 01223 337766.
Thank you, goodbye|Have a nice day
Can you check if there are any moderately priced restaurants in the centre of town?|Yes, there are several. Do you prefer Asian or British food?
i will do modern european food|Okay we have the de luca cucina and bar and the riverside brasserie. Which one would you like?
Let's do the riverside brasserie. What about a table for 3 at 15:00 on Saturday?|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : TYDEG9IJ.
Great I also need a train that should depart cambridge and head to ely.|Sure, what day do you want to travel?
I would like to leave on a Sunday.|Do you have a preferred time frame ?
I want to arrive by 11:15.|TR3177 will arrive by 10:07 and leaves at 09:50 would you like me to book it for you?
Yes, please. Include the reference number please|You are set, the total fee is 3.52 GBP payable at the station, your Reference number is WVJC995L.  May I help with anything else?
No that is all. Thank you. Goodbye|Ok. Thank you. Goodbye.
Hello, I need some assistance with finding a nice Italian restaurant in centre of Cambridge.|How much money did you want to spend?
I am interested in cheap restaurants.|Great! How about Ask restaurant, at 12 Bridge Street City Centre? May I book you a table?
Yes please, just me on Tuesday, at 15:30.|Your booking was successful. Your reference number is ASSBU60Y. Can I help you with anything else today?
Yes, I'm also looking for a place to stay for the night, and I can't break the bank on it either.|We have many inexpensive hotels. Did you have any area in mind?
Any area is fine as long as it is 4 star and a guesthouse.|I recommend the Alexander Bed & Breakfast in the center of town. It's a cheap, 4-star guesthouse.
That sounds great! Can you book a room there for 3 nights? Just me, and I'll be arriving on Tuesday.|Your booking was successful, the reservation number is JPAQ0BHO. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I need a taxi to take me from the hotel to the restaurant.  I need to make sure I get there by 15:30.|Your booking is completed. The car is a blue honda and the contact number is 07653774441. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No. I think you took care of everything. Have a nice night. Bye.|Enjoy your time! Goodbye!
Would you be able to tell me where to find a moderately priced, Halal restaurant?|Unfortunately, we do not have any restaurants in town that offer halal food. Is there another type of cuisine you would be interested in?
How about British food?|We do have five moderately priced British restaurants, such as the Oak Bistro in the city center. Does location matter?
i don't care about the location. which one would you recommend?|Restaurant one seven is a good place. Would you like me to book a table?
yes please book me a table thank you|What day and time would you like to book and for how many people?
I need a table for 1 on tuesday at 14:45.|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Reference number is : H17X6OU3. anything else?
Are there any good architecture places in the west?|I am sorry there are no architecture attractions in the west. Would you like to try a different area or type of attraction?
How about a museum?|I recommend the Lynn Strover Gallery, it has free admission. Would you like more information?
I'd like the phone number and address, please.|Phone number is 01223295264.  And the address is 23 high street, fen ditton.  Is there anything else I can help you with today?
no thanks|I hope I've been helpful. Thank you for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Have a great day
I am looking for a restaurant in the cambridge area that serve cuisine for a moderate price.|Yippee noodle bar at 40428 King Street City Centre meets your needs.  Would you like a booking?
I need the place to serve a Turkish food. I'll need an address and post code also.|I have two that serve Turkish food, both in the moderate price range: Anatolia and Efes Restaurant. Would you like addresses for both?
Yes please. I'm also looking for a train if you can help me with that.|Of course, where is the departure from? And at what time?
I'll need to leave from kings lynn sometime after 21:15.|The first train out of kings lynn after your specified time is TR0672, leaving at 22:11.
Ok I'd like to book 7 tickets for monday. And can I get the reference number?|That has been booked. The reference number is RJFFMS3C. Anything else I can do for you?
Great, thank you! That is everything I needed.|Your welcome.  Please let us know if we can be of assistance in the future.
Can you find me a restaurant that is located in the centre and is in the moderate price range?|Of course! There are 21 such restaurants available. Do you have a preference for the type of food?
Yes, Australian, please.|I actually do not have knowledge of any moderate Australian restaurants in the centre. There are some British restaurants I could inform you about.
Actually, could you look up some turkish restaurants instead?|There are 2 Turkish restaurants, the Anatolia and Efes Restaurant. Would you like me to make a reservation at one of them for you?
Yes,I need to book a table for 6 people at 17:00 on Sunday, please.|I have made a reservation at Efes Restaurant for 6 people on Sunday at 17:00.  The reference number is 8NR6PAIM.  Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, that is all, thank you good by.|Thank you, let me know if you need anything else, bye.
Could you help me find a restaurant that's moderately priced, and services sri lankan cuisine?|I'm sorry, I don't see any moderately priced sri lankan restaurants. Would you like to try another sort of cuisine?
Yes, are there are restaurants with lebanese cuisine?|No, I'm sorry, there are no Sri Lankan restaurants in the moderate or the expensive price range. Can I help you find something else?
Do you have a moderately priced restaurant serving lebanese food?|Yes. Ali baba serves lebanese. May I book a table for you?
yes see if there is booking for 6 people at 11:15 on thursday.|I'm sorry, I was unable to book the restaurant. Would you like to try a different restaurant?
Yes, is there another restaurant serving lebanese food that you can recommend?|No I am sorry the ali baba is the only one. Another place maybe?
Yes, please try a different restaurant in the same area and price range.|I was able to book you at the oak bistro. your reference number is 11WH7X3K. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Nope, that should do it! Thanks!|Okay great! Enjoy your lunch.
Yes, may I have the address for restaurants in the south part of town. Preferably something moderately priced.|There are two options.  Pizza Hut Cherry Hinton serves Italian food and is located at G4 Cambridge Leisure Park Clifton Way Cherry Hinton.  Restaurant Alimentum serves Modern European food and is located at 152 - 154 Hills Road.  Anything else I can help you with today?
That'it. Thank you, goodbye|You're welcome, enjoy your food.
I am looking for an Italian restaurant in the west part of town|Okay I have found 2 restaurants. One is in the moderate price range and one is in the cheap price range.
I want the cheap one please|La Margherita fits the bill.  Great place.  Can I make a reservation for you?
Yes, Please. I'd like it for 3 people at 6:45pm on Saturday.|That booking was successful. Your reference number is 3LWL9XAA.
Thank you for all your help. Have a great day.|Happy to be of help, and I hope you enjoy your meal!
I am looking for a restaurant that serves Catalan food in any price range.|Where would like it to be located?
It does not matter.|Do you have a certain price range?
no, I don't care|I'm sorry, but there are no restaurants serving Catalan food.
Is there a restaurant that serves international food? Can you give me the address?|There are three. How about the varsity restaurant, their address is 35 Saint Andrews Street City Centre
I will try that one.  Thank you and good bye.|Thank you for calling this system. Goodbye.
Find me a moderately cheap restaurant in Cambridge that serves russian food|There are no listings with those criteria. Do you want to change some criteria?
How about British food instead?|There are 5 restaurants which match your requirements. Are you looking for a restaurant in a particular part of town?
No any part of town will work.|Would you like me to book you at The Oak Bistro at 6 Lensfield Road?
Can I just get the area, phone number, and postcode of it?|The Oak Bistro is in the area of centre, the phone number is 0122332361, and the postcode is cb21ab.
Thanks. Also I am looking for a guesthouse hotel with 2 stars in the north.|I'm very sorry but there are no results matching your criteria. Would you like to change the star rating, or try a different area?
Can you see if there is just a normal hotel in the north? It still needs to be a 2 star.|Yes, I have 2 hotels in that area and with that rating. The Ashley hotel or Lovell Lodge. Would you like me to book one of them?
Yes, please. I need a room for 1 person, 3 nights. I'll be arriving on Saturday. The Ashley is fine.|I have book it for you. Your reference nummber is:  KKCAOAA4
Thank you, that should be all.|Wonderful. Have a great day!
Do you have any trains leaving after 15:00 on Thursday?|Yes, there are many.  What is your destination?
My destination is Norwich departing from Cambridge.|TR8604 leaves at 15:36, would this one work for you?
Yes, that would be find. I'll need to book tickets for 7 people. Can I have the reference number please?|Booking was successful, the total fee is 123.2 GBP payable at the station .
Reference number is : KSHHCWCE.
Thank you! Can you help me find somewhere to eat now?|Sure, I can help you with that. Do you have a preference in food type or price range?
Yes, do you have a place that serves corsican food? I also need it to be on the cheap side.|No, unfortunately, I do not have any cheap Corsica restaurants. Would you like to look for another restaurant?
Bummer! I guess I'll try some asian oriental food then|I have two that fit your criteria!  Dojo Noodle Bar, and J Restaurant are both in the city centre area.  Do you have a preference?
can you suggest one and I need the address, postcode and their phone number too please|I'd recommend the Dojo Noodle Bar. The address is 40210 Millers Yard City Centre. The postcode is cb21rq. The phone number is 01223363471.
Wonderful! I think that's all I need for now, thank you so much for your help!|You're welcome, have a great day!
I need a South restaurant with british food.|I'm sorry but I cannot find any british food located in the south part of town.
Is there a chinese restaurant in the south part of town?|I've found three Chinese restaurants in the south part of town. Does price range matter to you?
No, any price range is fine. I would just like to know the address and price range of one of the restaurants.|Peking Restaurant is an expensive Chinese restaurant that is located at 10 Homerton Street City Centre. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No, thank you.|Thank you.
Hi, I need to find a hotel in north area that includes free wifi.|The Ashley Hotel and Lovell Lodge meet your specifications, would you like to book one of them now?
Are either one of them a guesthouse?|No, they are not. I do have 33 guesthouses that fit your needs.
Can you give me the star rating of your top three guesthouses along with a price range?|They are all 4 star guesthouses that are moderately priced.
Can you give me the phone number for your favorite of those?|The avalon is my personal favorite. Their phone number is 01223353071, anything else I can assist you with?
I am also looking for information about a restaurant called The Hotpot. Can you help me with that?|Yes, I found it. It is in the expensive price range in the north area. The phone number is 0123366552. Would you like me to book a table?
Yes please. For 1 at 16:45 this Saturday.|You are all set, the reference number is, can I help with anything else?
What was the reference number?|Your reference number is JK25TFX6. Is there anything else that I can help you with today?
That would be everything.  Thank you|Alright, thanks for contacting Cambridge TownInfo centre, have a great day!
Thank you, you too!|It's been a pleasure. Have a good day. Goodbye.
I'm looking for a restaurant my friend recommended, I think she called it the Curry Prince.|Yes, I found what you're looking for. Would you like the address?
Sure, and can you book it for Friday at 12:00 for 3 people?|The address is 451 Newmarket Road Fen Ditton. Unfortunately, the restaurant is fully booked. Do you have another restaurant or type of food in mind?
Something in the same area and price range would work.|I have rajmahal which is in the same area and price range.  Would you like me to book a table there?
Sure thing. I'll need a reference number too.|Your booking was successful, the reference number is FYFXWH1Z. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Great. Thank you so much.|You are very welcome. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No that will be all for today. Thank you so much for your help.|You are welcome. Have a lovely day.
I don't care about the price range. Just recommend me a restaurant that serves European food. I would also like to get the phone number and directions.|What area of town would you like?
I don't care about the area.  Anywhere.|the cambridge lodge restaurant is located at Cambridge Lodge Hotel 139 Huntingdon Road City Centre and their phone number is 01223 355166.
Thank you, goodbye|Have a great day and enjoy your food.
Are there any moderately priced places to eat with British styled food?|Yes, I have 5 places. What about cotto?
Cotto is fine. I want to book a table for 1 person at 12:00 on Sunday.|Cotto is completely booked for Saturday at noon. Could I direct you to a different restaurant?
Yes, please book me a different restaurant in the same area and price range.|Restaurant one seven is also British cuisine, moderate priced, in the center of town and they are able to accommodate your reservation.
Thank you that sounds like a great place.|I have booked your reservation for restaurant one seven on Saturday at 12:00. Your reference number is DYSZRX2B. Do you need any other assistance?
no, that will be all. thank you very much.|Have a great day!
Can you help me find a place to stay in the moderate price range. It doesn't need parking.|I have 4 but need to know what area you would like to stay in?
Well I would like a guesthouse. Does that limit what area I can book in?|The east and the north.
Can you tell me if they have free internet and the star rating for each?|There are moderately-priced guesthouses in 4 areas. Most have free parking, two don't, but if parking doesn't matter, any of them should do; Archway House in the north is very nice.
I also need a restaurant.|There are nine restaurants in the north area.  Do you have a preference of food type?
Actually, I have a certain restaurant in mind. It's called Royal Standard. Can you tell me about it?|I'm sorry but it must have closed as I am not finding any information on it. Can we look up another venue for you?
That's unfortunate. Are you certain you can't find it? I was sure it's still operating.|Ah, here it is. It's an expensive gastropub restaurant in the east. Would you like to make a reservation?
Yes. I need a table for 4 people at 19:15 on Sunday.|I was able to book that, reference number is GTZ8UVJO.
Thanks! I also need a taxi to take me from Archway House to the restaurant for that reservation, please.|I've booked a black ford with a contact no. 07568876193. It should arrive by 19:00 15 minutes before the booked time.
thanks. i need to get going so, its time to say goodbye. have a good one.|Can I look up anything else for you today?
Need a place to stay, free wifi. Needs to be a hotel.|Please tell me your price range and whether or not free parking is important to you.
I don't require free parking, but I would like the hotel in the expensive price range.|There are 5 all across the city that meet your needs. Is there are certain part of town you'd like to stay in?
Downtown would be best.|University Arms Hotel meets your needs.  Would you like me to book a room for you?
Great can I get the phone number of them?|Absolutely. Their phone number is 01223351241. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
I am looking for the India House restaurant. I will need to book a table for 1 person at 16:30 on Tuesday.  Please give me the reference number.|Your table at India House is all set, reference #GCAE8HPF. Can I help you with anything else today?
I'm looking to book a taxi between the two places.|Which site will you be departing from, and which will you be arriving at?
The hotel to the restaurant.  I want to make sure that I get to the restaurant by the time we booked please.|The taxi is booked it's a grey bmw the contact number is 07585544024.
Fantastic, thank you, have a good day.|Thank you! You as well! Enjoy your stay!
Please find me a guesthouse that offers free parking|Sure, what area would you like to stay in and what is your price range?
What can I get thats a 4 star?|There are quite a few. 16 to be exact. Are you looking for a certain price range or area?
I need a place that will have space for 6 people staying 4 nights starting from Wednesday.|The acorn guest house has availability for that time.
Yes. Please book it for me, in the perimeters I stated above.|okay your all set ref # is KWN1JAD4, anything else today?
I need a place to eat in the south and VERY expensive for 6 people on wed at 19:00|Is there a certain type of food you'd like? The options are Chinese, Indian, Italian, and Mexican.
Just pick a place (as long as it's expensive) on the south side and make the reservation and give me the reference number. After that, I'm going to need a taxi.|I have booked your party of 6 at the Peking Restaurant. You are booked for Wednesday at 19:00. Your reference number is  0Z92M9D7.
Ill need to taxi to go from the hotel to the restaurant by 19:15.|Booking completed!
Booked car type	:	black skoda
Contact number	:	07463823856
You have been extremely helpful, thank you so much.  I am all set.  Have a nice day.  Bye.|Thank you for using our system today!
Hi.  This might be a long shot, but can you help me find a restaurant that serves Swedish food?  I don't care about price.|There are no restaurants serving Swedish food.
How about asian oriental type of food?|Dojo Noodle Bar serves Asian Oriental food in the centre of town. Would you like their number?
No thank you.  I just need the address and postcode, please.|Dojo Noodle Bar is located at 40210 Millers Yard City Centre and their postcode is C.B 2, 1 R.Q. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
No, thank you, goodbye.|Thank you for using the Cambridge restaurant system.  Good bye.
Can you help me find a place to eat?|What sort of food are you looking to eat?
I'm looking for an expensive indiian restaurant in the west part of town.|There are 5 options to choose from, I recommend the tandoori palace. Would you like me to make reservations for you?
That sounds great. I need a table for 1 on Wednesday at 19:45.|Your booking was successful. Your table will be reserved for 15 minutes. The reference number is DGO6TW9S.
Okay I also need a train that leaves on Thursday.|Sure where are you departing from?
I need to get to London Liverpool Street by 09:00.|Ok, your best bet to get from cambridge to liverpool street is TR4127, leaving at 05:59, arriving at 07:27. Would you like me to book a seat?
Yes for 1 person. i'll also need the reference number.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 16.6 GBP payable at the station .
Reference number is : QGJMVZR4. anything else?
That will be all. Thank you for your help!|Great. Have a nice trip. Good bye.
I want to eat chinese food in the centre.|How about Charlie Chan?  It is a cheap chinese restaurant in the centre.
Sure. I would like to book a table for 5 people at 11:00 on Saturday.|I'm booking you a table for 5 at 11:00 Saturday at Charlie Chan. What name should I place this under?
Book it for XXXX, can I please get a reference number?|Booking was unsuccessful. Would you like to find another restaurant?
Are there any other cheap restaurants in the area?|Not in that criteria, perhaps another area or price range?
Are there any in the same area and price range but not Chinese?|I don't know what I was thinking earlier, we actually have a lot of cheap restaurants in the centre. J Restaurant serves Asian Oriental. Should we try that?
Yes, please try J Restaurant. Asian Oriental food sounds good.|I was able to book you into the J restaurant and your reference number is 87G7FWZM.
Thank you for your help! That will be all. Good Bye.|You're welcome, have a great day!
I am looking for information in Cambridge.|Sure I can help you. What kind of information were you looking for?
I am wondering if you have any restaurants in town that serve eriterean food.|Yes, there are three restaurants that serves Mediterranean food.
Umm, actually I had asked about Eriterean food, not Mediterranean.|we got none that serves that kind of food. will you change the kind of food?
No, I really want Mediterranean food.|Okay I have three restaurants serving this. Would you like me to choose one for you?
Yes please do.|I like the gardenia.  Need me to make a reservation?
Yes for 2 people on monday at 12:15 please.|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Reference number is : K8YAC7SK. Can I help with anything else?
I also need help finding a train going to Cambridge|Okay! From where?
I need to leave from birmingham new street|Great, what day and time do you prefer?
Monday and I'll need to arrive by 08:30 in Cambridge.|The first train leaves at 5:40.
What time does it arrive?|it will arrive by 08:23. is that fine with you?
Yes that will work. I need 2 tickets for monday please.|what day will you be travavelling
Monday. As I said before, 2 tickets for Monday.|I have booked two seats on TR3888  arriving in Cambridge at 08:23. Reference number is : 5DPBKIY1.  Can I be of further assistance?
No, that will be all for today.|excellent, have a great day!
Can you help me find a 4 star expensive hotel please?|I found two that fit your description; huntingdon marriott hotel and university arms hotel.
OK iLL GO WITH THE FIRST CHOICE THE  huntingdon marriott hotel|That's a great hotel. Would you like me to make you a reservation?
Yes please for 7 people for 4 nights starting thursday and I need the reference number.|I've got you booked with reference number L7WTALJT.
Thank you.  I am also looking for a Chinese restaurant in the same area as the Huntingdon Marriott Hotel.|There are no chinese restaurants in that area,any other type of food I can check with?
Are there any Chinese restaurants within a short distance outside the area which are in the same price range as the hotel?|I would recommend the Ugly Duckling in the center of town. That's an expensive Chinese restaurant right in the middle of everything.
Excellent, can I get the address of the Ugly Duckling?|Of course!  The address is 12 St. Johns Street City Centre and the postcode is 	cb21tw.  Would you like me to make a reservation for you?
No, but I would like to book a taxi between the restaurant and hotel. I've like to leave the restaurant by 17:30.|I was able to book your taxi. Be looking out for a yellow BMW. If you need to reach them, please call 07101227577. Is there anything else I can help with?
No, I do not think so. Thank you for your help!|You're very welcome!
I'd like a moderately priced restaurant in the east part of town.|There are 3 restaurants in the moderate price range and on the east part of town. Would you like Indian or Italian food?
I don't have a preference. Either one is fine.|Rajmahal is a moderately priced Indian restaurant in the east part of town. Would you like more information?
Yes please. can i have the address, phone number and postcode ?|Here is the information you asked for. phone is 01223 244955 and address is at 7 Barnwell Road Fen Ditton, C.B 5, 8 R.G. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No, Thank you.|Your welcome good bye
I'm looking for a train. I want it to go to Stevenage and leave from Cambridge.|There are many trains available. What day and time do you want to travel?
It should leave after 18:30 on Saturday.|I have a train leaving at 19:21, is that okay?
How long is the trip and when will I arrive? Also need to know the price.|The trip lasts 49 minutes and is 12.8 GBP.
Okay, thank you for that information.  I also need to find a cheap restaurant.|We have many available. Do you have a certain type of food you would like?
Anything cheap in the centre of town please.|There are several places what type of food would you like?
Hello, I need some French food. Any price range is fine.|Cote is an expensive French restaurant in the city centre.
What is the address and phone number?|Cote is located on Bridge Street City Centre, and their phone number is 01223 311053. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Thank you, goodbye.|Thank you for calling the Cambridge restaurant system. Goodbye.
Can you recommend a restaurant in the city centre that serves light bites?|I'm sorry, we have no light bites restaurants in the city centre. Would you like to try another cuisine?
Then how about one that serves european food?|Yes, there are 8 restaurants that meet that criteria. I can recommend the Eraina.
Do they have booking available for 3 people at 11:15 on Friday?|I am sorry I am not able to book that for you. I was able to get a table for you at michaelhouse cafe. Your reference number is VUH4CST4.
Thank you for your help.|Have a great day.
I would like a moderately priced restaurant in the north part of town|golden wok is  a moderately priced restaurant in the north part of town
Is there anything else?|The Nirala is moderately priced restaurant in the north of town as well.
What kind of food does The Nirala serve?|The Nirala serves Indian
What is their phone number?|The phone number for the nirala is 01223 360966.  Can I help you with anything else today?
No, thank you. I have all the information that I need now.|Thank you for using our system. Good bye
Good bye|Goodbye.
I need a place to stay in the east.|I have several guesthouses and one hotel to stay at.  Do you have a price range of star rating you're looking for?
No, I don't care about price or stars.|Ok, Leverton guesthouse is cheap and located in the east.  Can I get you some information on it?
Does it have wifi?|Yes it has both free internet access and parking. Would you like to make a reservation?
yes please, for 4 nights.|For what night and how many people?
I need it for 8 people for 2 nights starting on Wednesday.|Your booking is set, the reference number is DDIZEYL4.   Anything else that i can assist with?
Thanks. Could you help me find a restaurant specializing in Americas food, also in the east?|Were you looking for a particular price range?
Any price range will work.|Sorry, I couldn't find anything that matches that. Want to try for a different kind of food?
Try british food, please.|I have the grafton hotel restaurant serves british food. Would you be interested in that?
Yes. Can you get all eight of us a table?|What time would you like the booking for?
12:15 on the same day as the hotel please|What day would that reservation be needed and number of people?
that would be for Wednesday and 8 people please|Booking was successful is there anything else?
No, thank you for your help.|You are welcome. Have a great day.
I want to find a decent place to eat in the centre of town.  My budget is a little constrained so moderately priced would be ideal.|You're in luck, we have several great restaurants that are moderately priced. What type of food would you like?
Do you have anything that serves international food?|Yes, there are 2 restaurants. There's The Varsity Restaurant and the Bloomsbury Restaurant. Would you like any additional information?
Let's do the varsity place for 3 people 11:00 on tuesday.|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : 1JB0JK8C.
I need a train departing Cambridge on Wednesday.|OK, where are you headed and at what time?
I need to be in Birmingham New Street by 13:15, if possible, please.|Train TR9781 will arrive at your destination at 13:51, would you like me to book it for you
I am visiting Cambridge soon and am looking for someplace to go to while there, can you look up attractions for me?|One of the best things about cambridge is all of our attractions! Did you have an area in mind or an attraction type so I can narrow my search?
I'm looking to have a little fun at a nightclub.|The entrance fee of The Fez Club is free.
Fez Club is good need postcode and phone number for it,also I want to go to expensive Chinese restaurant.|The fez club is located in the center 8 market passage cb23hx, phone number 01223519224. Now, I am searching for the expensive Chinese restaurant.
It doesn't matter what area it's in and I'll be needing a table for monday.|I have about 17 different chinese restaurants. To narrow it down, do you have a preferred price range?
Yes, expensive please.|Okay. I have 9 restaurants in the expensive range. Do you have a particular area you would like to be? Hakka is in the north and is very popular.
That would be perfect can I get a reservation for 12:30 on Monday for 3 people?|I am unable to make a reservation. Would you like to try a different time or date?
How about 11:30?|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : FSXM0KAQ.
Thanks! I would also like a taxi between the two places.|I was able to book that taxi for you. Be looking for a yellow Honda. If you need to reach them, please call 07598905692. Anything else I can help with?
no, thank you very much|You're very welcome. Have a great day.
I'd like to find a restaurant serving Christmas food.|I'm sorry, there is no restaurant listed serving Christmas food.  Would you like to try something else?
How about indian food?|cocum serves indian food, in the expensive price range and in the west part of town
What's the address for cocum?|Cocum's address is 71 Castle Street City Centre. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No, thank you. Goodbye.|You're quite welcome.  Goodbye.
I am looking for a danish restaurant in the centre of town.|I'm sorry, I don't have anything matching that description. Would you be willing to expand your area to see what we can find?
No I think I'd rather find something European in the center of town that is cheap. Can you help me with that?|I'm sorry, but I don't have anything matching that description. Would you like to expand your food type to find more?
Sure, how about about one that serves Indian food?|There is a restaurant called Kohinoor that serves cheap Indian food in the centre area. Would you like to book a reservation?
No thank you, but can I please have the address, postcode, and phone number?|Yes certainly their address is 74 Mill Road City Centre and their postcode is cb12as. Their telephone number is 01223323639. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, I don't need further help. Thank you.|You are welcome. Please contact us again soon. Have a good day.
I would like a moderately priced restaurant located in the south part of town.|Pizza Hut Cherry Hinton is an Italian restaurant in the south of town in the moderate price range.
What type of food are they. What is their address?|They serve Italian food. The address is G4 Cambridge Leisure Park Clifton Way Cherry Hinton.
Thank you. Good bye|You're welcome.  Enjoy!
I would like a cheap restaurant in the west part of town|La margherita is in the west part of town, and it is in the cheap price range. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I would like to know the phone number please|It is at 01223 315232.
Thank you goodbye.|Thank you. Goodbye!
I'm looking for a place to stay. A 0-star hotel is fine with me as long as it fits my moderate budget|I have 2 0-star guesthouses as well as Cityroomz, a 0-star hotel. Cityroomz is in the moderate price range. Would you like a room there?
Yes, could you book me a room there please?|I certainly can. When do you want to stay?
Actually, can I have the hotel type, phone number, and address instead?|Sure, it's a hotel located on sleeperz hotel, station road. Phone number is 01223304050
Thanks! I've also heard great things about a restaurant called Anatolia. What can you tell me about them?|Anatolia is a moderately priced Turkish restaurant in the centre of town. They are located at 30 Bridge Street City Centre.
That sounds perfect.  Can you book me a table there for 3 at 14:45 on Friday?|I have made your reservation for 3 at 14:45 on Friday. Your table will be held for 15 minutes. Your reference number is YK1UPI4J. Is there anything you need?
Thank you so much!|You are welcome! Have a good day!
Hi there, can you help me find a restaurant in the centre of town? Someplace with British food?|I've heard great things about cotto. Want a reservation?
What price range is that restaurant?|Cotto  is in the moderate price range. Would you like me to make a reservation for you?
No that won't be necessary, could you just give me the address and postcode please?|Sure, the address is 183 East Road City Centre and the postcode is cb11bg.
Great, that's all for now. Thanks!|You are very welcome. Have a great day!
Are there any expensive restaurants in the city centre you could recommend?|There are many expensive restaurants in the city centre. Do you have a cuisine preference?
I would like to eat Indian food.|There are 5 Indian restaurants available in the centre. What day are you looking to dine?
I need a reservation for Thursday.  There will be 1 person at 11:15.  Any of the 5 restaurants would be fine.|I was able to get you a table at The Golden Curry. Your reference number is 7DD4DK3N and they'll hold your table for 15 minutes. Can I help with anything else?
Thank you and goodbye.|You're welcome. Goodbye.
I want to get a place to eat in the north.|Saigon City, which is Asian oriental cuisine and is expensively priced, Golden Wok is Chinese and moderately priced. And Royal Spice is Indian food and cheap.
I would like one in the moderate price range.|I have the golden wok, which is chinese or the nirala which serves indian. Would you like to make a booking at one?
No. Just get me the Golden Wok's phone number and address please and I'll take it from there|Okay, their address is 191 Histon Road Chesterton and their phone number is 01223350688. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Thank you. I also need a train that will leave Cambridge on Saturday. I want it to arrive at 12:30 to Ely.|okay, the TR0721 leaves at 11:50 and arrives at 12:07. Would you like me to book this for you?
Yes, please! I will need a booking for 6 people.|I will work on getting this booked and be right back with you.
thank you. can i please get the refrence number?|You're all set. TR0721 leaves cambridge on saturday at 11:50 and arrives in ely at 12:07. Your total is 21.12 GBP and your Reference number is : 9SI6A16E.
Thank you very much. This is all I need for now.|Your welcome, have a great day!
looking for a place to dine. The restaurant should serve british food and should be in the expensive price range.|Fitzbillies restaurant at 51 Trumpington Street City Centre fits your request.  Would you like me to book a table for you?
I would. It's a party of 6 for Monday at 15:45. Can I get the reference number when you're done?|Your reservation has been made. The reference number is GK4F8AFS. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, that's everything. Thanks for your help.|welcome next time
Thank you for your help|You are more than welcome!
Hello, I'm sight seeing in Cambridge and I'm looking for somewhere to eat on the westside.|There are 14 restaurants on the west side. Are you looking for a restaurant with a particular cuisine?
Any cuisine is fine, but I would like it to be in the moderate price range.|Ok, how about Meghna? It is a moderately priced Indian restaurant in the west side.
Please book a table for 2 at 19:15 on Saturday with a reference number and l need a theatre in the same area as the restaurant.|Okay done I have booked you a table for two and your reservation number is 6X0OV3JV. I have many theaters in the same area. What about Cambridge Arts?
That sounds great.  Can I get the phone number?|The phone number for the Cambridge Arts Theatre is 01223503333. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
What is the entrance fee to the Cambridge Arts Theatre?|I apologize but the entrance fee for the Cambridge Arts Theatre is unlisted. Would you like their phone number instead?
That's okay, can I get a taxi from cambridge arts theater to Meghna by 19:15?|Your booking is complete! Your taxi will be a yellow ford. The contact number for your driver is 07755954404. Is there anything I else I can help you with?
No, thank you.|Okay great.  Enjoy your time in Cambridge and please let us know if there is anything else we can do to help!
I would like a moderately priced restaurant in the north part of town|There are two moderately priced restaurants in the north part of town. One Chinese and one Indian. Please specify the desired cuisine type.
Can I have the phone number of the Chinese place please?|Golden Wok is located in the north side of town, serves chinese food and is in the moderate price range.   Their phone number is 01223 350688.
OK,  Thank you|Goodbye.
Hello, I am looking for a restaurant by the name of Royal Standard. Do you know where it is?|Yes, royal standard is in the city centre at 290 Mill Road.
Great.  Could you please book a table for 1 at 16:30 on Saturday?|I was able to make a reservation for 1 at the royal standard. Your reference number is: FZP2XK9Q. Do you need anything else today?
No, that is all I needed, thank you so much.  Bye.|You're welcome. Thanks for allowing me to help. Goodbye!
I want to eat gastropub food.|Do you prefer an expensive or a moderate priced restaurant?
I'd prefer moderately priced please.|I have one available. It's called The Cow Pizza Kitchen and Bar. It's located in the center of town. Can I offer to book you a table?
No, thank you. Can I have the postcode?|Their postcode is cb23qf
Thanks. That's all I need to today. Goodbye!|Have a nice day.  Bye.
Hi, I'm looking for a Persian restaurnt in the north part of the city.|Unfortunately there are no Persian restaurants in the city. Would you like to try a different cuisine?
How about asian oriental food?|Saigon city serves Asian oriental food, is in the north part of town and in the expensive price range.
Could you tell me the address and phone number please?|Of course. Their phone number is 01223 356555 and they are located at 169 High Street Chesterton Chesterton. Is there anything else I can help you with?
That's it. Thank you, goodbye|Thank you for using the Cambridge restaurant system, goodbye.
I want to go eat so please find me a restaurant in the South. Money is no object so something expensive please|Sure, I found Chinese, Italian, Indian and Mexican restaurants.  What sounds good?
Any of those sound good what do you recommend? I just need the address and type of food they serve.|I'd recommend the Good Luck Chinese Takeaway. They serve Chinese cuisine at 82 Cherry Hinton Road Cherry Hinton.
Also need a hotel in the same area and same price range.|Okay, I have one match. It's The Lensfield Hotel and it is 3 stars. Would you like me to make a reservation for you?
Does it have free wifi?|It certainly does. Shall I book it for for you, then?
No, I just need the address, thank you.|The address is 53-57 lensfield road. Do you need anything else?
Nothing else. Thank you for researching the restaurant and hotel. Goodbye.|Welcome again it has been a pleasure to serve you
I'm looking for an entertainment attraction please.|There are five entertainment attractions in town. What area of town do you want to visit?
The area doesn't matter|My favorite is the Funky Fun House in the east. Would you like their address or phone number?
That sounds great, yes please may I have their phone number and postcode?|their phone number is 01223304705 and the postcode is cb58hy
Thanks for that. Please find me a Welsh restaurant in the center|There are no Welsh restaurants in the centre would you like another area or type of food?
How about international food?|Yes I have two international restaurants that are both in the moderate range. Would you like me to pick for you?
yes and book for me a table for 8 people at 19:30 on wednesday|You are all set, the reference number is BXFB7UEY, any further questions?
No, that's it. Thank you so much.|Enjoy your evening! Let us know if we can be of any further assistance.
I want to find a restaurant in the south part of town and serves scandinavian food.|There are no scandinavian restaurants in the south part of town.
How about italian food?|Yes, we have two Italian restaurants in the south area.  Would you prefer the moderately priced or the expensive one?
I do not have a preference.  Please make a suggestion.|Pizza Hut Cherry Hinton is an Italian restaurant, it is on the south part of town, and it is in the moderate price range. Would you like the address and phone number?
And postcode?|Post code is C.B 1, 7 D.Y , phone number is 01223 323737, and address is G4 Cambridge Leisure Park Clifton Way Cherry Hinton.
Great, thank you|Thank you, have a nice day!
Help me find something fun to do in the centre.|We have the vue cinema that's in that area.  Would you like more information about that?
Sure! Can I get the address?|The address is the grafton centre, east road, postcode cb11ps. Would you like the phone number?
yes i will appreciate.|The phone number for Vue Cinema is 08712240240. Can I help you with anything else?
Thanks. I am also looking for a restaurant that serves seafood. I'd like it to be in the expensive price range.|I have the loch fyne. Would you like me to make a booking for you?
Is the loch fyne in the same area as the Vue Cinema?|Loch Fyne is located in the centre as well, yes. Would you like me to make a booking for you?
Yes please book that for 4 people at 20:00 on wednesday.|the booking was a success. your reference number is FR7FACKD. anything else i can help you with?
No thanks. That looks like everything. Have a good day. Bye.|Have a nice day.
im looking for  a place to dine, it should be in the  south serving morden global food|I don't have anything that meets those specifications. Can I try something else?
it is ok provided that it is cheap|I found a chinese restaurant and a portuguese restaurant.  Do you like either one of those?
Portuguese should be fine.|Okay, Nandos serves Protuguese in the South of town with cheap price range.  Would you like to book a table now?
No, I'm not ready to book today.  Can I just get a phone number and postcode please?|Nandos postcode is cb17dy and the phone is 01223327908.  Can I help with anything else?
I would also like to find a place to stay.|What area would you prefer to stay in?
The area doesn't really matter too much. I would like something with 4 stars and free parking though.|There is acorn guest house located in the north it has 4 stars. Would you like me to book it for you?
Please book it for 3 nights starting on Thursday. I want the booking to be for 8 people.|Okay, your booking at the Acorn Guest House was successful. The reference number is MO3PC3QP. Can I help you with anything else today?
That would be all. Thank you for your time today.|You are welcome.  Enjoy your stay in Cambridge.  Bye.
Hello, I'd like to dine at an expensive restaurant in the centre. Any suggestions?|We have an expensive restaurant in the centre of town that serves African food, called bedouin. Would that be of interest?
That sounds wonderful. Can you book me a table for 5?|Certainly.  What day and time would you like to dine?
Tuesday at 16:00.|I have your booked for the Bedouin Tuesday at 1600 for 5 people. Your reference number is PET3GU9H. Thank you for allowing me to assist you.
I'm also looking for a train on Tuesday as well. Can you assist me with this please?|Okay, no problem. There are many trains available. I just need to know where you are departing from and going to, as well as the preferred time.
should be on the same day as the restaurant booking and should depart from leicester to cambridge. arriving at 13.30. train id, price and departure time please|TR6224	would be your perfect fit.
Okay, what time does it depart and how much is it?|TR6224 leaves at 11:09, arrives at 12:54(105 minutes), and is 37.80 pounds per person.
Great, that is everything I needed! Thanks!|You're welcome! Have a great day!
I need a train to Cambridge, leaving from the Birmingham New Street station.|I have a train leaving from Cambridge on Friday leaving on 05:40 and arriving at 08:23. The ride is 163 minutes.
I need a train leaving on Thursday at 10:45|When could you like to arrive?
Anytime is fine as long as I leave after 10:45. I'll need a booking for 6 people and a reference number.|I suggest TR2613. It'll get you there the soonest after 10:45 but not soon enough to where time is tight. It is 450.6 GBP and the reference no. is 5VNL3K87
I will take it. Also, I am looking for a place that serves thai food in the west area.|Sala Thong is on the west side- it is on the expensive side.
Thank you, that sounds just right.|Great. Would you like me to make a reservation for you?
could you give me the address, postcode, and phone number please?|They are found on 35 Newham Road Newham, their postcod is cb39ey and their number is 01223323178.
Thank you that is all I need today.|You are more than welcome. Have a wonderful afternoon.
Great. You can help me pick out a restaurant go to.|Yes, there are many great restaurants to chose from, what kind of food would you like? Do you have a price range?
I would like to eat Italian food. I'm looking for something in the moderate price range please.|There are five moderate priced Italian restaurants is there any area you prefer to eat in?
No, any area would work, is there one that is available at 13:15 on thursday? I need a reservation for two people.|I've reserved you a table for 2 at one of my faves: Prezzo. Reference number OOAMXI99. Can I help with something else?
I also want to find a multiple sports place in the east area.|The Cherry Hinton Village Centre is the spot you're looking for. They're on Colville Road. Can I help you with any other info?
Yes, I would like the phone number adderss and entrance fee.|I don't have any information on the entrance fee, but the phone number is 01223576412 and it is on Colville Road, Cherry Hinton.
Are you certain the entrance fee isn't listed?|Yes I am certain, I am sorry.  Is there anything else you needed to know?
If you're certain then I guess not. Thank you for all your help.|You're welcome. Have a great day!
I'm hoping you can help me find a restaurant.|sure, what kind of cuisine are you looking for?
I'd like Persian food.|I'm sorry I have no restaurants serving Persian food.
Okay how about chinese food?|There are a lot of chinese restaurants in town. Do you have a preference on area or price range?
Any type is fine can you just give me the postcode of it?|Rice House is in the center, is cheap, and post code is cb12bd.
i am also looking for a train. The train should leave on sunday and should go to bishops stortford.
The train should depart from cambridge and should arrive by 17:30.|Okay the TR3600 leaves at 15:26 and arrives by 16:07.
That's perfect. Can you book for 4 people please?|Booking was successful, the total fee is 32.32 GBP payable at the station .
Reference number is : 4YOCRING.
Thank you. That is all the information I need.|Is there anything else that I can assist you with today?
No thank you that will be all|Thanks for using our services, have a lovely day.
Hi. I would like help finding an indian restaurant to eat at.|I have 22 potential restaurants that serve Indian cuisine. To narrow it down, in what area of the city would you like to eat?
east or south|I have 5 restaurants that meet those criteria. How about Taj Tandoori in the south or Curry Prince in the east? Are you looking for a specific price range?
I am looking for something expensive. If the Taj is expensive I would like to make a reservation there for 8 people on Thursday at 14:00.|I have made a reservation for 8 people at Taj Tandoori, your table will be held for 15 minutes.  The reference number is 5ABCTF0J.  Anything else?
Yes could you also find me information on things to do in town that involve colleges?|There are 18 colleges, do you have a preference on which area it is in? Churchill college is in the west with free entrance.
I would like the college to be somewhere near the restaurant you booked for me. Can you also give me a postcode for the college.|We have 5 colleges on the west end of town. Clare Hall seems a good fit and is at cb39al.
That sounds great, thank you for your help.|We are happy to help. Do you need further assistance?
No, that was everything, thank you.|Awesome. Have a great rest of your day!
Are there any Danish restaurants on the east side of town?|There are not any Danish restaurants on the east side. Is there another search I can do for you?
What about Chinese?|the yu garden is in the east side.
Book it! Friday, 13:15, 3 people.|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.Reference number is : R6HQVD9O. is there anything else i can do for you?
I am also looking for the hotel, Autumn House. Do you know of it?|Yes I do. The Autumn House is a 4 star guesthouse in the East area with both parking and internet. May I help you book your stay?
Yes, that would be great. Please book for the three of us for 3 nights starting on Friday.|Booking was successful, and they will hold your  table for 15 minutes. Your reference number is R6HQVD9O. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Thanks so much for your help today. That's all I need. Goodbye.|Have a wonderful day and a great trip. If there is anything else I can help with just let me know.
Hello, could you please find me a place to dine?|Did you have a certain area or price range you would like to dine at?
The restaurant should be in the west and should serve expensive kosher food.|I do not have any restaurants meeting that description. Would you like to try a different type of food?
Do you have one that serves British food?|There are 2 restaurants that serve British food, the Graffiti and Travellers Rest. Would you like me to book one for you?
Sure, either as long as it is expensive and in the west.  Can you book a table for 1 on Tuesday at 17:45?|Ok, I have you booked at Graffiti on Tuesday at 17:45.
Can I get a reference number please?|Sorry, apparently that booking didn't clear. I got you a table at Travellers Rest instead. Reference number is: BRTYJSC8. Can I help with anything else?
No, Thanks for all your help|Enjoy your meal and have a great day!
I am looking for a restaurant that is moderately priced and serves Cantonese food.|There are no restaurants that serve Cantonese food in the moderate price range.
How about chinese type of food?|the Golden wok serves chinese food and is in the moderate price range.  Would you like their location?
Their phone number please.|Their phone number is 01223 350688.
What is the area?|it is located in the north part of town
Thank you for your help. Good bye.|Goodbye.
i am looking for a particular restaurant. Its name is called restaurant two two.|Restaurant Two Two is an expensive french restaurant on the north side.  Would you like to make a reservation?
Can you book a table for 8 people at 11:00 on thursday?|Yes, your ref. # is E7D8F4SM. Can I help you with anything more?
No thank you! That is all!|Have a great day!
I'm trying to find a restaurant called The Slug and Lettuce. Do you know where that is?|Yes it is in the centre area.
I'd like to book it for 3 people at 16:45 on Saturday.|Certainly. I have booked you for Saturday at 16:45 for 3 people The Slug and Lettuce. Will there be anything else I can assist you with today?
Could I get a reference number please?|I am sorry.  I went to get the reference number and now the system is not providing a reference number.  I can look for another restaurant.
Can you help me find an expensive restaurant please?|Sure, I have 57 options for you!
i feel like chinese|i can reserve at the the good luck chinese food takeaway which is an expensive Chinese restaurant.
Great! I need a table for 8 on Friday evening.|Is there a specific time in the evening that you would like?
How about at 18:45?|Booking was successful. The Reference number is  KVKIZQT9
Thank you! I'm also looking for a guesthouse that's cheap.|I have a few cheap guesthouses in town, do you have a specific area that you would prefer to be in?
Yes, the west area, please.|I have one finches bed and breakfast. Would you like me to book it for you?
Not right now, but could you give me their address and postcode? And do they have free parking?|You can contact the finches bed and breakfast. their address is 144 thornton road, zipcode cb30nd. Parking is free.
thank you for all of your help|thank you for using this service goodbye
Hello any restaurants suggestions ? I am also looking for nice 4 star hotels with wifi.|Two hotels in the West, Huntingdon Marriott and The Cambridge Belfry, and one in the Centre, University Arms Hotel, meet your specified needs.
Could I please have more information about the West? Is it an actual hotel or a guesthouse?|I have two hotels the huntingdon marriott and the cambridge belfry.
Okay may I get the price range for those hotels with the postcode also?|The Huntingdon Marriott is an expensive offering at postcode pe296fl.  The Cambridge Belfry is a cheap offering at postcode cb236bw.
Thank you. I'm also looking for for a place to dine, I'd prefer an expensive place please.|Do you have a particular cuisine in mind?
Italian food please in the cheap price range|What area would you like to dine in?
In the centre please.  And make it Portuguese.  I don't care about price.  I have no idea where I got the idea of cheap Italian from, smh.|I have a cheap Portuguese restaurant in the Centre by the name of Nandos City Centre, would you like me to book you a table?
i apologize. my husband wants something expensive. do you have any portuguese places that are expensive?|There doesn't seem to be any. Do you have any other different criteria?
in that case what about french?|You have two options , one in  the north and one in the center. Which one do you prefer?
I'd rather the one in the center. What is it called?|I have the cote located in the centre it is a expensive french restaurant.
That sounds good. Can you get me the address, post code and phone number, please?|Cote is at Bridge Street City Centre, cb21uf. Their phone number is 01223311053. Would you like a reservation?
No thank you I do not need reservations.|Have a nice day.
Hello, I am looking for a cheap restaurant on the south side of town.|There is a place called Nandos that specializes in Portuguese food on the south side of town.
What is the address and postcode?|The phone number is 01223 327908 and the postcode is C.B 1, 7 D.Y
Thank you, goodbye.|Thank you for using our system!  Have a great day!
I would like to find a train that leaves on Friday and arrives by 19:30.|What location will you be departing from and what location will you be arriving at?
I need to go from broxbourne to cambridge by 19:30.|TR4322 will depart broxbourne at 17:32 and arrive in cambridge at 18:32. Would you like tickets for that train?
Can you give me the price and travel time on that?|The price is 17.90 and the travel time is 90 minutes
I also need a suggestion for a cheap restaurant in the centre of town.|There are several cheap restaurants what type of food do you prefer?
Can you give me the reference number for the train?  I would like cheap italian food in the center.|How many passengers should I book on the train? There are three cheap Italian places. I could suggest Zizzi Cambridge. Would you like to book a table?
Don't worry about booking the train.  I just need a reservation for Zizzi Cambridge for 8 people at 10:45.|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.  Reference number is : GAFY4UMT.  Is there anything else I can help with?
No, I'm good, thanks.|I'm glad I could be of assistance. Enjoy your meal!
I'm looking for a mexican restaurant in the south part of town.|Chiquito restaurant bar is located in the south part of town is in the expensive price range. Would you like additional information?
What is the phone number and price range|Chiquito Restaurant Bar is expensive. Their phone number is 01223 400170. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I would like the address please.|The address is 2G Cambridge Leisure Park Cherry Hinton Road Cherry Hinton.
OK thank you. That's all for today then.|Thank you and good bye.
I'm looking for a restaurant in the north part of town that serves Welsh food.|There are no Welsh restaurants in the north of town. Would you like something else?
Italian|Da Vinci Pizzeria would be your only option in the north. Would you like their address and phone number?
That would be great thanks!|da vinci pizzeria is located at 20 Milton Road Chesterton and their phone number is 01223 351707.  May I help you with anything else?
That's it, goodbye|Thank you, goodbye.
Thanks!|You're welcome.
I'm looking for a restaurant in the moderate price range in the east part of town|How about curry prince, they are in the moderate price range in the east part of town
Can I get the address, phone number, and postcode?|Their phone number is 01223 566388. Their address is 451 Newmarket Road Fen Ditton, postcode C.B 5, 8 J.J.
Thank you. Goodbye.|You're welcome. Thank you for calling. Goodbye.
I need to find an expensive restaurant in Cambridge located somewhere in the north.|What type of food would you like? There are asian oriental, chinese, european and french restaurants available.
I'm not particular on the type of food. Could you recommend something and book a table for 1 person at 19:30 on tuesday.|I can book you a table for Tuesday at a Chinese restaurant in the north named the Hot Spot. Shall I do that?
Yes please, book me a table for one at 19:30|Your reservation has been made. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Your reference number is 8JGOXQPX. Is there anything else today?
I would like to find a place to visit in the same area as the restaurant.|There are many attractions to choose from,what did you have in mmind ?
I don't really care, do you have any recommendations?|There are four attractions in the north. A boat, a park, and two swimming pools. Which would you like?
I'd love to go swimming.|There are two swimmingpool options in the north. I recommend jesus green outdoor pool.
Alright, please give me the entrance fee and postcode for jesus green pool|The postcode for jesus green outdoor pool is cb43px. I'm sorry I do not have the entrance fee.  Is there anything else i can help you with?
Does the other swimming pool say what the entrance fee is?|I don't have that information I am sorry.
I am also interested in the boat attraction.  What is the entrance fee and postcode for that attraction?|Okay I have the riverboat Georgina.  The post code is cb43ax and I have no information on the entrance fee.
Thanks for your help. That's all I need today.|Okay. I'm glad I could help. Have a great trip. Goodbye.
Hey! Looking for a hotel on the west side. Thanks!|There are 2 hotels in the west. Would you prefer cheap or expensive?
I would have to choose the less expensive one this time.|The Cambridge Belfry is a cheap hotel on the west side. Would you like more information?
Do they offer internet?|Yes free internet is included.  Is that what you are looking for?
I would like to make a booking for 2 people and 2 nights starting from friday.|I successfully booked you a room for 2 nights starting on Friday at The Cambridge Belfry. Your reference number is GPGCYPCU
Thank you. Do you have information on the Pipasha restaurant?|Yes it's an expensive Indian restaurant in the east. There address is Newmarket Road Fen Ditton and phone number is 01223577786. Would you like me to book it for you?
What is the postcode to that place?|The postcode is cb236bw. Do you need anything else?
I'd also like to book a taxi between my hotel and the restaurant.|what time would you like to leave or arrive?
I would like to leave the hotel by 01:00.|Your taxi reservation departing from the cambridge belfry headed to Pipasha Restaurant by 1:00 was successful. The cary type is a yellow skoda. Contact number: 07014062574
Thank you, that's all I need today.|You're welcome! Please contact our service if you need any other information about your visit to Cambridge.
Could you help me find a restaurant? I am looking for a place that serves quality Italian food an affordable price. I would greatly appreciate any help you can provide.|There are several italian restaurants that meet your needs. Would you like cheap or moderate price range, and do you have a preference as to the part of town?
It should be cheap and in the west.|la margherita is cheap and in the west
That will work for me. Can you book it for 16:30 on wednesday for 6 people? I'd also like the reference number please.|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : E2AMPTJ6. Is there anything else I can do for you today?
I also need a place to stay in the West. The hotel has to have free parking too.|There are four places that meet those criteria. Is there a particular price range you'd prefer?
I would like it to be a cheap place, I also need free wifi.|What day would you like to check in?
I just am looking for the star rating, phone number, and address of one and don't need a reservation at this time.|I have the Cambridge Belfry hotel with a 4 star rating and a guesthouse called finches bed and breakfast also with 4 stars.
Great thank you so much!|You are quite welcome! Enjoy your stay in Cambridge!
I am looking for a cheap local restaurant located in the centre of town|There are 15 cheap restaurants in the centre of town. If you have no food type preference, would you like to go to Charlie Chan's?
I am looking for one that serves Spanish food|Yes I have one Spanish restaurant matching your price range and criteria. Would you like their number and address?
Would you please book a table for 4 people at 15:30 on Saturday?|Your booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes and your reference number is L4BT0A1C. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, I am also looking for a college to visit in the center of town.|There are 13 entries. Do you require a certain entrance fee?
I don't care, but could you make me a suggestion but tell me the entrance fee along with their address and postcode?|Sure! Christ's College is located at saint andrew's street with a postcode of cb23bu, There is not entrance fee.
Thank you for your help.|Can I assist you with anything else today?
No, thank you very much for this!|You are more than welcome!
I'd like to find an expensive place to dine that specifically serves italian food.|Okay. Would you like to go to the centre or south part of town?
I would like the south part of town please.|Frankie and Bennys meets you criteria, would you like me to make a reservation for you?
Yes, please. There are 4 of us for this Friday at 16:00.|Booking was unsuccessful. Perhaps another day or time?
how about 15:00 instead?|Okay, that worked, and I've successfully booked your table. I can give you the reference number, if you'd like.
Yes, I will need the reference number.|Your Reference number is : VRU8VSG0.  Do you need any further assistance?
No that was everything I needed. Thank you for your help!|You're very welcome. Have a good meal!
I'm looking for a restaurant, somewhere not too expensive, but not bottom of the barrel either, something in the mid range.|There are 31. What kind of cuisine would you like?
I would like them to serve barbecue food.|I'm sorry but there are none that serve barbecue food. Do you have an alternate cuisine preference?
how about gastropub food?|All right, sir, the Cow Pizza Kitchen and Bar has gastropub food and it is in the moderate price range. Would you like to make a reservation there?
yes please.book for five, at 1700hrs or 1600hrs and get me the reference number|What day would you like to book for?
On Thursday please|Sorry, the restaurant isn't available at 17:00. Do you want to try a different time?
How about 16:00?|Yes, I have a reservation available for 16:00. Your reference number is GXV1UIFJ. Is there anything else you need?
That is all I need for today. Thanks for your extraordinary service!|You are very welcome. Please let us know if you need anything else.
Can you help me find an expensive restaurant in the north that serves African?|I'm sorry I have no restaurants serving African food in the expensive category. Is there another type of restaurant you would like to look for?
I am looking for a cinema.|I have located two cinemas. One is in the north; the other in the south.  Would you like additional information?
Yes, can I have entrance fee and address for the one in the south?|Cineworld Cinema is at Cambridge Leisure Park, Clifton Way in the south, but I don't know its entrance fee. We never figured out a restaurant for you, should we keep looking?
Yes. I need a restaurant the is moderate priced with Italian food in the west.|Great I have one called Prezzo. would you like a booking there?
Yes, that sounds great. Make a reservation for 3 people at 20:00 on Friday and provide the reference number.|Your reservation has been booked. The table will be reserved for you for 15 minutes after 20:00. Your booking number is LQSPGQ3I. Anything else I can help with?
Yes, I'll need a taxi to get me from the cinema to the restaurant in time for that reservation.|Alright! I have a taxi booked to get you to the restaurant in time for your reservation. It is a red skoda, the contact number is 07783655406.
Thanks for the service, that's all for today.|Thank you for contacting us and have a nice day.
My cousin told me about a place called the fez club.|The fez club is a nightclub located at 8 market passage in the centre area.  To enter the club it will cost you 5 pounds.
Can I get the postcode, address, and phone number for it? I also am looking for a place to eat.|Here's the information: cb23hx, 8 market passage and 01223519224. What kind of food would you like?
anything is good as long as it is in the centre|Well, the city centre has a lot of places to eat. Do you have a price range in mind?
I would like something moderately priced.|I have many options including Asian, British, Chinese, Italian and European food. Anything interest you?
I've never had British food. Let's try that. Can you tell me some info on that one?|Well I personally like The Oak Bistro which is located on 6th Lensfield Road.
Can you book that for me?|I'd be happy too.  Do you know when you'd like to eat?
Let's say 17:30.  Is there a reservation available at that time?|It looks like they have an opening. Can you tell me how many people will be in your party?
On second thought, I'm not ready to book yet.  I need to talk to my wife.  Can you just get me the post code for Oak Bistro?|Yes, it is cb23hx.  What else can I help you with today?
Great thank you. That will be all. Goodbye|Have a nice day.
Would you be so kind as to help me find a place to dine later?|I sure can.  What type of restaurant are you looking for?
I'm looking for Cuban food.|There are no Cuban restaurants unfortunately.
That's okay.  How about Indian?|Yes what area are you looking to dine in?
In the Centre as well please.|I have 9 restaurants available.  What price range would you prefer?
The range does not matter. Just the Indian place you think best.|I would recommend the The Golden Curry. Would you like to make a reservation?
Yes, let's make it for 1 person at 19:45 on sunday.|Your reservation is successful, they'll hold the table for you for 15 minutes. Reference number is 6CVKLM3F. What else can I help you with?
Thank you. I am also looking for a place to stay. It doesn't need internet and should be moderately priced.|What area of town would be your preference?
I don't have a preference. What would you recommend?|I'd recommend the Limehouse, it's in the north and has 4 stars. Would you like me to book a reservation?
Is that a guesthouse?|It is a guesthouse. Would you still like me to book it?
Yes, I love guesthouses when I travel alone. Can you book it for three nights please, starting on Sunday.|Yes, of course. How many people are in your party?
Limehouse for 1 person, 3 nights and starting on Sunday.|Booking was successful.
Reference number is : 2VEHCBYQ.
Thank you for all your help. Have a great day.|You're welcome, glad I could help.
I'm looking for a train that runs on Tuesday.|Sounds good, Where will you be arriving from and going to?
I will be departing from london liverpool street and arriving at cambridge.|I have many travel time to choose from. Do you have a preferred travel time?
I want to leave after 14:45.|The TR5245 leaves London Liverpool Street at 15:39 and gets into Cambridge at 17:07. Would you like me to book it for you?
That sounds great.  Will you make a booking for 5 people please?  And I'd like the reference number for my records.|Ok   I will book it for you for 6 people
Actually I only need it for 5 people and I will need a reference number.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 83 GBP payable at the station. Reference number is : 7F4OHHP6 Payable at the desk, any other questions today?
Yes, could you help me find a North American restaurant that is expensive.|The gourmet formal kitchen is a great choice. Shall I book it?
Yes, book it for 5 people on tuesday at 17:00. Do not forget to send my reference number!|Okay, you are booked. Ref no. IBI16V4A
Great!! Thank you for all your help.|Is there anything else I can help you with?
That was all, thank you!|You're welcome and enjoy your visit.
I will be traveling to Cambridge and would like to dine on the west side.|Okay, cool! What type of food are you in the mood for?
I am looking for expensive Brutish food.|I have two places. Would you like me to book one?
No. i would like you to choose one and then please provide me with the address and phone number.|The graffiti is located at Hotel Felix Whitehouse Lane huntington road postcode cb301x. The phone number is 01223277977.
Thanks. I am also looking for a place to stay. I prefer a guest house in the same area as the restaurant.|I'd recommend hobsons house. It's moderately priced and has free wifi and parking. Would you like a room?
No thanks, I'm just looking for information right now. I think I have everything I need for today.|Is there anything else I can do for you today?
Actually, can you tell me if the Hobsons House is 4 star rated? if it is, I would also need the address please.|It is 3 star rated. Would you prefer 4 stars?
Yes, I'm looking for a 4 star rated guesthouse in the west with free parking.|Finches Bed and Breakfast will fit your needs. Would you like to book a room?
I just need the info for the place. What is its address? As well as its price range|it is pretty cheap. also the address is 144 thornton road.
I need a taxi from the restaurant|Ok, are you looking for a taxi from the restaurant to the hotel? What day do you need it?
Yes. The taxi should leave the restaurant by 20:00|In order to book a taxi I need time of travel, arrival location and the departure location.
I need the restaurant by 20:00 and head for the hotel.|A yellow lexus will pick you up at Grafitti at 20:00 to take you to Finches Bed and Breakfast. Your driver can be contacted at 07239643979
Perfect. Thank you so much. That's all for today|Thank you so much for calling. Have a great trip to Cambridge. Goodbye.
I'm looking for an expensive restaurant in the centre. Thank you.|There are several restaurants in the price range what type of food would you like to eat?
The type of food is not important, but I would like a nice place that has tables available on Saturday evening.|Sure, I would recommend the Midsummer House Resaurant which serves British food.  It is a nice, expensive place located in the Centre.
Great I would like to make a booking for 21 person on a Saturday for 18:45.|I'd be happy to help with your request, could you please verify the number of people in your party?
just for one person. i'm a sad and lonely person. do you want to join me for dinner??|I have booked you at the midsummer house restaurant, your reference number is ZNN1RQ7E. You will have a great time, and I'm sure meet lovely people.  Enjoy!
I also need a train departing from cambridge leaving on sunday.|i got 5 trains on that day. what time do you need to arrive?
I would like to arrive by 15:00.|There are 99 trains leaving Cambridge Sunday. What is your destination?
I need it to go to bishops stortford and should arrive by 15:00.|TR2402 arrives at 14:07. Want to book?
Yes can you book that for 1 person as well?|Yes.  There is a train that leaves at 13:29 and arrives at 14:07, would you like to book this train?
Yes, that would be great. It will be only one person.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 8.08 GBP payable at the station .
Reference number is : TZXLECBZ. Can I help you with anything else today?
Nope, that's it for me today. Thanks a lot.|Have a nice day and enjoy your stay in cambridge
I am looking for somewhere to go in the centere of town.|there are lots of museums and churches to visit
Oh churches! Sometimes they are really beautiful inside. That sounds fun. Do you know of any that might be good?|How about holy trinity church? The entrance fee is free.
That sounds perfect. What is the postcode?|it is a type of a collage. postcode is cb21tq
Thanks. Is there a british restaurant near the church I can eat at?|There are 7 restaurants, would you prefer a moderate or expensive price range?
I would like it to be moderate.|May I suggest The Copper Kettle? It's very popular.
That sounds great thanks so much.|Okay! Would you like for me to make you a reservation?
Yes. Please make a booking for 3 people at 11:45 for Thursday.|I have your reservations set for 11:45 Thursday for a party of 3 at The Copper Kettle. Your reference number is YEXS7GMQ. Is there anything else I can help with?
No, that will be all. Thanks for your help!|You are most welcome! Enjoy your visit!
I'm looking for a high end Asian restaurant|There are two high end Asian restaurants, Saigon City and Kymmoy. Would you like more information?
Saigon City sounds great. Can you help me book a table for 8 people at 17:00 on Thursday?|Saigon City does not have any booking space available for the day and time requested.  Would you like to try another day or time slot?
Yes, could you please try for 16:00? I'd like the reference number for that as well please.|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Reference number is : G9ITHCS6. Do you need anything else?
I'm also looking for a place to stay. I'd prefer a 4 star guesthouse if possible please.|There are several options to choose from.  Are you looking to stay in a certain area?
I'm not concerned with area, but I would like it to include free wifi access, please.|I have about 18 different options. To narrow it down, is there a price range you prefer?
I am not worried about the price range. Go ahead and choose one you would recommend and let me know the phone number and price range please.|Saigon city is expensive and has a phone number of: 01223356555
Terrific.  You have been a great help!  Goodbye.|It has been my pleasure! Have a wonderful day!
I'm looking for some Chinese food, any good places in town?|Yes I have many options. What price range or area would you prefer?
Let's do expensive.|There are five expensive Chinese restaurants. Two of them are in the south.
I was hoping to find something located in the center of town. Are there any expensive Chinese restaurants there?|HK Fusion is an expensive Chinese restaurant located at 21 Burleigh Street, City Centre. Would you like more options?
This restaurant will be fine.|Would you like me to book a reservation for you?
Yes please, 2 people at 19:00 on sunday.|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Reference number is : MT2UHUCB.
Thanks! I'm also looking for a place to stay in the same area. Can you help me with that?|Yes i will find you one and inform you as soon.thanks a lot its a pleasure to serve you
Need a place to eat with moderate prices, but needs to have russian food.|Unfortunately, I wasn't able to find anything matching your request. Shall we look for a cheap restaurant instead?
What about a Turkish restaurant instead?|I have two in that range, in the centre. Is that area the right area for you?
Yes, that area's fine. Can you make a reservation for 6 people on Thursday at 5:30 pm with one of them?|Would that be at 5:30 pm (17:30)?
Yes, could I have the reference number as well please?|Sorry booking was unsuccessful. Can you try a different time or day?
Can you try 16:30?|I was able to make that reservation at 16:30 your reference number is AKF1B848.
I also need a train from Cambridge to London kings cross that leaves on Friday and arrives at 17:00.|The closest to that time is TR2420 which leaves Cambridge at 15:00 and arrives in London, Kings Cross at 15:51. Would that meet your needs?
Yes, it would. Can you book me 6 tickets for that for Friday please?|Ok, I've booked 6 tickets, reference number FFVH42H7.  Your total is 141.6 GBP payable at the station.  Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, I think that is all for today. Thank you for all your help!|You're welcome. Let me know if you think of anything else you need.
I'm looking for some attractions in the centre area.|i have booked you old schools type of attraction is architecture
I did not ask for a booking.|I'm sorry I canceled the booking. What type of attraction are you interested in, there are many?
What would you recommend?|There are many colleges. What type are you looking for?
As long as it is in the centre, any will be fine. Can you make a recommendation please?|I would suggest the old schools it's free admission.
I'm also looking for an expensive latin american restaurant to dine at.|I do not have anything that meet that criteria. Can I try something else?
Yes, do you have a restaurant that serves chinese in the same area? If so, can you please book a table for 6 at 13:00 on Saturday?|I have the hakka located in the north that is expensive.  Would you be interested in that?
Yes that sounds great. Can you make reservations for that?|I have made those reservations and your reference number is  KQ26B4U5.
Okay. Thank you for your help.|You're welcome. Have a great day.
I'm looking for a guesthouse with free parking, please.|Does acorn guest house on 154 chesterton road work for you? Should I book it?
Is it in the moderate price range?|Yes, it is in the moderate price range. Would you like me to book it for you?
Yes.  Please book it for 7 people and for 5 nights starting this Thursday.|I have made the reservations and your reference number JQUU393D.
thanks! i'm also looking for a hungarian restaurant.|I'm sorry, but I am not finding any Hungarian restaurants.  Would you consider another type of cuisine?
You can look for indian restaurants.|Is there a certain price range?
No, any price range will work.|I'd recommend curry prince in the east. It's a moderately priced restaurant. Would you like a reservation?
So, my group is going to need a table at 15:30 on the day we arrive at the hotel.|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.Reference number is : G7Z1RQ47.
Thank you. That is all that I need.|Thank you for choosing Cambridge TownInfo. I hope you have a great day.
Hello, I am planning a visit to Cambridge and would like to find out about Bloomsbury Restaurant.|Bloomsbury restaurant serves international cuisine, is located in the centre part of town, and is in the moderate price range. Would you like the address and/or phone number?
Actually, are you able to book me a table? I'd like it to be for Saturday. The table should be for 8 people, at 19:15, and please provide a reference number.|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : HSIINNN4. Did you need anything else today?
I would like a train, arriving by 1500 and departing from birmingham new street.|There are 63 different trains that leave Birmingham New Street and arrive by 15:00, where did you want to go?
Cambridge, of course! I need the make it to the restaurant booking!|Certainly, leaving birmingham new street on saturday would you rather leave at 10:40 to arrive by 13:23, or leave at 11:40 to arrive by 14:23?
I would like to leave at 11:40 please|Train TR4553 departs at 11:40 and arrives at 14:23. Would you like assistance booking a ticket?
Can you confirm that the train booing is for 8 people, please?|Yes, I was able to book 8 tickets on that train for you. The total fee due, payable at the station, is 480.64 GBP. Your reference number is G99GK4JT.
Wonderful! You have been incredibly helpful. That will be all I need today.|Okay! Glad I could be of help.
Hello, I would like to eat somewhere expensive in the North.|Saigon City is an expensive place in the north part of town.
Okay, I want to book a table for 6 people at 11:45 on saturday.|You are all set for a party of 6 on Saturday at Saigon City, reference #3IB3PPD0.  Is there anything else I could help you with today?
No thank you. That is all.|All right, enjoy your meal!
Are there any expensive european restaurants around?|I found 5 expensive european restaurants. Which area of town would you like to look in?
I don't have a preference, what do you recommend? I'll need the area, address and phone please.|City Stop Restaurant, 01223363270, post code is, cb41uy,Cambridge City Football Club Milton Road Chesterton. Anything else?
I also need a train leaving cambridge after 21:15.|What is your destination?
i need it to go to london liverpool street|I have several. Is there a time you would like to arrive by?
What times do you have available?|What day would you like to travel?
I want to travel on Tuesday|I would suggest train ID TR5722 which leaves at 21:59 and arrives at London Liverpool Street at 23:27.
That sounds like it would work.  Please make a reservation for 4 people on that train, please.|Alright, the booking was successful, the total fee is 66.4 GBP payable at the station. Your reference number is: RLF15GH7. Can I do anything else for you?
No thanks. I think that's all. Have a nice day. Bye.|Great! You're quite welcome. Goodbye!
Can you help me locate a restaurant called Pizza Express Fen Ditton?|Pizza Express Fen Ditton is located on Jesus Lane. The phone number is 01223324033.
thank you do you know if they take reservations? Do you know the hours of the business?|I am unable to locate the hours of Pizza Express; however, they do take reservations if there is a time you would like me to try to book for you.
I need a reservation for 3 people on saturday.|What time would you like to dine?
The train should arrive by 16:30 and should depart from cambridge.|There is a train that leaves 13:17.
what time does that train arrive?|What day do you want to travel?
I will travel on Sunday.|Where shall the train go?
The train should arrive by 16:30 and should depart from cambridge|A total of five entries found. How about TR7447? It arrives at 13:51, and leaves at 13:00? Then we can get back to the restaurant reservation we had been working on.
Yes, that will do. I need tickets for 3 people please.|Your train tickets are booked, ref #6QVPO3N3. Can I help you with anything else today?
Thank you, that's all I need today.|Great. Well, I hope you have a wonderful trip. If you need anything else, don't hesitate to contact us again. Goodbye.
I would like an expensive restaurant that serves afghan food|It does not appear there are any restaurants serving afghan food
How about asian oriental food?|Kymmoy is in centre, and Saigon City is in north.  Would you like more information on one of those?
Could you tell me the phone number of Saigon City?|The phone number for Kymmoy is 01223 311911.   Would you like any additional information?
Yes, I would like the number for Saigon City.|01223 356555 is the number.
Thank you. Can you also tell me the address for Saigon City, please?|the address for saigon city is 	 169 High Street Chesterton Chesterton
Which part of town it is in ?|it is located in the north part of town
thank you good bye|THANK YOU GOO BYE
I hope so. My brother recommended an eatery called Curry Prince. Can you help me find it?|Curry Prince is an Indian restaurant in the east part of town. It is moderately priced. The address is 451 Newmarket Road Fen Ditton.
Could I have their phone number as well?|Yes of course. the Curry Prince's phone number is 01223566388.
Thank you. I am also looking for places to go. Is there any swimming pool you can locate for me?|Sure. We have the Abbey Pool there in the same area as your restaurant. There are three others in other parts of town.
What is the entrance fee for Abbey Pool? Can I also get the address?|I'm sorry, my system doesn't tell me the entrance fee. Address is Pool Way, Whitehill Road, Off Newmarket Road. Anything else you need?
I also need a taxi that will let me leave the pool at 20:45 to take me to the restaurant.|I have booked you a Taxi that fits your needs. Would you like the Contact number or Car model?
Both, please! I can't wait to explore Cambridge.|A blue skoda will be picking you up at 20:45. Their contact number is 07775057511. Do you need any further assistance?
That will be all for today. Thank you for your help!|Have a great day!
I'm looking for a portuguese restaurant in the south side.|Nandos is a Portuguese restaurant at Cambridge Leisure Park Clifton Way cb17dy. Their phone number is 01223327908.
Sounds good can I make a booking for 7 people at 14:00 on saturday?|Yes great! Your booking was successful and the reference number for your booking is AKFP9F2B.
Beautiful, just need some info on the express by holiday inn cambridge.|Yes that hotel is in the expensive range on the east side and offers free wifi and parking. Anything else?
yeah i want to book that hotel too. for the same group of people.|For what day and time do you need?
I will need thursday at 17:00 please.|for how many days?
4 nights, please. Reference number, please.|The booking with successful your reference number is UHTGVMDM. Can I help you with anything else today?
Great, that will do it, I appreciate your help today.  Thank you.|You are welcome! I hope you enjoy your stay!
I need an expensive restaurant|What kind of food are you interested in?
I would like Vietnamese food|No restaurants matching your queries have been found. Would you like to search for another food type?
Is there any restaurants severing North American food.|Gourmet Burger Kitchen is an expensive restaurant that serves North American food.
Is that expensive?|Yes, it is listed as expensive in my database. Would you like more information on it?
Yes, I would like to have the phone number and postcode please.|phone number is 01223 312598, postcode is C.B 2, 1 A.B.
I'm looking for a restaurant that serves asian oriental food in cheap range.|I'd suggest dojo noodle bar on 40210 Millers Yard City Centre. Would you like a reservation?
Sure!  This is exactly what I need!|Can you give me more information about the booking the table?
What do you mean. Would you like me to book it?|I can reserve a table for you and give you a reservation number
Hi.  I'm looking for a restaurant that serves Irish food.  Can you help me?|I'm sorry, there aren't any restaurants that serve irish food. Would you like help with anything else?
Can i have a thai restaurant instead ?|There are two Thai restaurants. There is sala thong in the west area and bangkok city in the centre area
I'm planning my trip in Cambridge and I need a train. It should arrive by 20:15 and leave on Sunday.|Okay we've got a long list of matches. Where did you want to depart from?
I would like to depart from Cambridge, and I'm headed to Birmingham New Street.|There is a 16:40 that will arrive at 19:23.  There are also plenty of earlier trains if you would like to arrive much earlier.
That sounds great, could you make the reservation for me?|How many tickets do you need?
i need 15 tickets|Booking was successful, the total fee is 901.2 GBP. Reference number is : GLBY9VB9. Do you need anything else?
I need to get the train ID.please.|Yes the train ID is TR8297.
I also need an expensive place to eat in the centre of town.|What type of food would you like?
I'm not too picky. Can you recommend anything?|Loch Fyne has an excellent selection of seafood. They are expensive. Can I make a reservation for you?
Can I have the food type,  postcode, and address, please?|They have seafood.  The post code is cb21qy, and the address is The little rose 37 trumpington street.  Do you need me to book it for you?
No thank you, that will be all for today.|Thank you.  Please remember us for your future travel needs.
Help me find a restaurant called hakka please|That restaurant serves chinese food and is expensive.
I'd like to book a table for 3 people for saturday at 1815 please.|Great, I have booked that for you and your reference number is XDYJMTO7.
Thank you for your help, good day.|You as well. Thanks for using the service!
Of course! Thanks, good bye.|welcome again next time. enjoy our services
I'm looking to swim today. Is there anywhere I can go?|Abbey pool and astroturf pitch is in the east part of town if that would work for you?
No, I'm actually looking for something in the north. Is there anything available there please?|Sure, there are two in the north. Would you like their information?
Hi, few questions.  I am looking for a restaurant called the Little Seoul.  Also, could you give me the phone numbers, address, and entrance fees for both those places?|Sure!  Let me get the pool information first.  I found one that is an outdoor pool and one that is a learner pool.  Which would you prefer?
The outdoor pool would be best. For the restaurant I need to reserve it for 5 people at 14:30 on sunday. Please give me the reference number of the reservation.|the outdoor pool is called jesus green outdoor pool	located at between victoria road and the river	cb43px
Ok, thanks. Can you reserve the restaurant for me for 5 people at 14:30 on Sunday?|I've made the reservations for you. The reference number is NFKR3VXL.
Thank you so much for your help.|You are welcome.  Can I assist you with anything else?
Yes I need a taxi to get from the pool to the restaurant.|ok I have a black volvo booked for you
Can I please get the taxi company's phone number in case I need it?|you can reach them on 07704971911
Thank you.  That was all I needed. Goodbye.|enjoy your time in Cambridge!
I am looking for places to go in the north area.|I have a boat, park or 2 swimming pools in that area. Is there one you would like to try?
Give me more information about the boat please.|The address to riverboat georgina is cambridge passenger cruisers, jubilee house and the postcode is cb43ax. Can I help with anything else?
I'm looking for a place to eat that is in the same area. I want it to be cheap.|You've got 2 choices in the north for cheap places to eat: Royal Spice serves Indian food, and Da Vinci Pizzeria serves Italian food. Which would you prefer?
Da Vinci Pizzeria sounds good.  Thanks.|For how many do you need this reservation?
I need to book a table for 8 at 18:30 on Monday, please.|Your table is reserved at DaVinci, ref# 6U1JO0B2. Is there anything else I can do for you today?
I also need a taxi that will get me  to the restaurant in time for the booking you just made.|Excellent, I have booked you a taxi, a yellow skoda, and the contact number is 07262084765. Is there anything else I can help with?
No, I think this is all I need for today.  Thank you for your help today.|You're welcome. Enjoy the rest of your day! Goodbye.
Hi.  Can you please help me find a restaurant that serves food from singapore ?  I'd like it to be on the East side of town if possible.|There are no restaurants serving Singaporean food on the east part of town.
Can you help me find some Chinese food then?|Yu Garden is located on the east part of town. Would you like the telephone and address?
What is the address, phone number, and postcode?|Yu Garden is located at 529 Newmarket Road Fen Ditton, C.B 5, 8 P.A, and the number is 01223 248882.
Thank you, goodbye.|Thank you for using the Cambridge restaurant system. Goodbye.
I am looking to eat at Rajmahal.|Of course. Rajmahal is located in the east part of town, at 7 Barnwell Road Fen Ditton.
Can I get their phone number and postcode so I can pay them a visit. It sounds like a great place to dine.|Sure! Their phone number is 01223244955 and postcode is cb58rg. Is there anything else I can help with?
Nope, that was all that I needed to know, thank you.|You're very welcome. Feel free to let us know if you need anything else.
I am looking for a moderately priced restaurant please.|We have several moderately priced restaurants to choose from.  Do you have a food type or location preference?
I would like to try Jamaican cuisine.|I'm sorry but there doesn't seem to be any Jamaican restaurants available, do you have another food preference you'd like to try?
Sure, I'd be happy with some European food.|The Galleria is an excellent choice in the centre. Would you like a reservation?
No thank you, but I would like the phone number please.|Sure thing. The phone number is 01223362054.
I am also looking for a train.|Where are you leaving from and going to?
I'm leaving from Cambridge and going to peterborough.|And when will you be travelling?
I am looking to leave Cambridge on Saturday.|Do you have a time you want to leave or arrive by?
yes I need to arrive by 12:45, for 2 people|You have tickets on TR1615, reference number 3GF53QET.
Thank you so much, you have been very helpful.  That is everything.  Have a nice day, bye.|Glad to have been of assistance!
I'm looking for a Modern Eclectic place to dine in the Cambridge North End tonight.|I'm sorry, there are no restaurants that meet your criteria. Would you like to broaden your search?
I would not. I prefer this place to be expensive, have modern eclectic tastes, and be located north.|I'm sorry, there are no restaurants that meet your criteria. Would you like to try a different part of town?
How about a chinese restaurant in the same area, same price range?|No problem. I have Hakka at Milton Road Chesterton. How many would you like me to reserve for?
I only need the phone number and postcode.|The phone number is 01223568988 and the postcode is cb41jy. Is there anything else you would like for me to do?
Is Milton Road Chesterton the full address for Hakka?  I also need a train to cambridge.|Yes, that's the full address. For the train, where are you coming from and on what day and time?
I need to go from stevenage to cambridge on Friday, leaving after 8:00.|There are 8 trains the closest one to 8:00 leaves at 9:54, would this work for you?
Yes, that will work. Can you place a booking for 6 people on that train and provide a reference number?|Yes, you're all set on TR0601 at 11:54 with reference number CXZ3WY2N. The total fee of 76.8 GBP is payable at the station.
Great thank you very much that should be all|Thank You. Have a good day, goodbye.
I am looking for a restaurant in the city's center that is in th cheap price range.|I have several restaurants matching that criteria.  What type of food would you prefer?
I would like Mediterranean food please.|The gardenia fits that criteria would you like a reservation?
Yes, could you please reserve a table for 6 at 18:00 on Saturday?|Sure thing here is the ref number QB8LCY5R.
I'm also looking for a guesthouse that includes free parking.  Can you help me?|Definitely. Are you interested in a particular area or price range?
No, any area or price range will do. I just need free parking and wifi.|Acorn Guesthouse is nice do you want their info ?
Actually, could you book it for me for the same group of people for 3 nights?|Will you be arriving at the hotel before Saturday?
Please make the reservation for 3 nights starting Saturday, for 6 people.|Your booking was successful.  Would you like the reference number?
Well yes obviously I need the reference number!|Ok. Your reference number is : NVCVMFHF. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No that is all for today. Goodbye|Have a great day, goodbye!
I need a place to stay in the north that has free wifi.|There are 10 guesthouses and 2 hotels that fit your criteria. Do you have a specific price range in mind?
I need it to be in the north, and be an actual hotel and free parking.|i recommend lovell lodge which has a moderate price range. its located in 365 milton road, cb41sr. phone number 01223425478. can i book for you?
Please book for Saturday for 2 people.|I'm be happy to book that for you! How many nights shall I book for you?
Yes please, I'll need it for 2 people for 3 nights starting Sunday|I'm sorry, are we booking for Sunday or Saturday? You mentioned both days.
Sunday and if that fails can we do Wednesday? I will need the reference number and looking for a restaurant in the same area in the cheap price range.|Booking was successful for sunday. Your reference number is U44ODKGT. Do you need help with anything else?
Are there any good cheap places to eat in the same area?|Yes we have Royal Spice which is an Indian Restaurant and Da Vinci Pizzeria which is Italian.
Can you book royal spice for the same group of people at 16:45 on the same day?|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : XVHT7ZTH. Is there anything else?
No that's it. Thanks for all your help today. Goodbye.|You are welcome. I can also help you arrange a taxi or train. I can suggest one of many diverse attractions. Are you interested?
I was looking for a specific restaurant, please.|I can help you with that.  Do you know the name of it?
Yes, it;s called The Golden Curry.|The Golden Curry is an expensive restaurant in the Centre of town, at Mill Road City Centre, CB12AZ. Their number is 01223329432. Would you like to book a reservation?
Yes I need it booked for 8 people on Monday at 17:15.|I will book that for you now.
Thank you. If that one fails, Thursday would be good as well. Please provide the reference number. I also need a hotel, at least 1 star and include internet.|What area would you like the hotel to be in?
I do not mind the area. Just free wifi and I like to only have 1 star.|i can't find any hotels that fit your criteria, i'm sorry.
Can you find me a 4 star hotel then?|There are many! Would you like a hotel, or a guesthouse?
i prefer a hotel type.|There are three available. Two are expensive and one is cheap. Do you have a preference?
Are any of them in the Centre?|the university arms is in the centre, when are you planning your stay?
I would like to go to the hotel right after my reservation at the restaurant.|Okay, and what time would you like the reservation for?
The restaurant reservation is at 17:15|What day would you like to dine and how many people will be with you?
I have a restaurant reservation, I need a hotel now. 1 star hotel with free wifi.|I am sorry. There restaurant reservation was not completed. You are now booked at the golden curry. The reference number is 6EF50SVX. Do you want a hotel booked, too?
Yes 8 people, 4 nights on monday.|How many days will you need the booking for?
I will need it for 4 nights. Thanks.|Would you like me to book it for you?
Yes and please provide the reference number.|You're all set. Your Reference number is : OI8ROWNH.
That's all I need today. Thank you so much for all your help.|My pleasure. Do you need to arrange any transportation today?
No thank you that will be all|Would you like me to book it for you ?
I am looking for a restaurant in the expensive price range that serves Australasian food.|There are no restaurants matching your requests.  May I help you find a different type of restaurant?
I'd like to find some Mediterranean food and need to know their address and phone number.|There is an expensive restaurant that serves mediterranean food located at Thompsons Lane Fen Ditton. Their phone number is 01223 362525.
Thank you!|thank you goodbye
Sure, I want some help finding a restaurant in Cambridge, please.|I can help you with that. What's the name of the restaurant you're looking for?
I don't have a specific restaurant in mind. I'm looking for an Indian restaurant.|I have several Indian restaurants available.  What price range and part of town would you prefer.
I want an expensive one in the centre.|there is one called Curry garden, it is in 106 Regent Street City Center.
I need to book a train|Where will the train depart from?
It will depart from Cambridge on Tuesday.|I have several for Tuesday. What time were you looking for?
I need to get to Ely by 19:00|TR7733 is the last train of the day and can get you there by 18:07, would you like me to book you?
No I need to know the departure time for that ride.|Train TR7733 departs at 17:50. Can I help you with anything else?
Yes, I'd like to find an Indian restaurant in the west area also please.|How about tandoori palace?
Is it in the moderate price range?|Actually, tandoori palace is in the expensive price range. The only moderately priced indian restaurant in the west is meghna.
I'd like a booking for Meghna for 5 people at 10:45 on the same day, please. And include the reference number.|Ok, the booking is made. your reference number is E0OZR9AH.
Thank you. My visit is set with your help. Have a nice day. Goodbye.|You're welcome! Have a great day!
I need to book a nice expensive restaurant in the centre please.|There are several nice expensive restaurants in the centre area.  Is there a particular food type that interests you most?
I don't have a preference. I need a table booked for six people at 13:45 on Thursday, though.|I am sorry none of the listings have tables available for that time, is there another time that will work?
How about 12:45 instead?|Sure. Kymmoy, a good Asian Oriental restaurant has space. You are reserved and your reference number is L7HRCY1K. Can I help with anything else?
I am looking for a train that departs from Cambridge and leaves after 21:45.|I can help you with that. What is your destination?
It is stansted airport.|How about the 22:40 train? It gets in at 23:08. Does that work?
Yes I need the price also.|10.10 pounds, and it's TR3864
Thank you. That is all for now.|Are you certain I can't help with anything else right now?
No, that is all I need, thank you.|Thank you so much for using our service. Have a good day. Goodbye.
I need a train leaving on Saturday after 5:30 pm|What is your departure site and destination?
I am departing from stevenage and going to cambridge.|Just to clarify, you want to leave after 05:30 (am), or 17:30 (5:30 pm)?
After 17:30 please|There is a train that leaves at 17:54.
The train should go to Cambridge and should depart from Stevens. Once you find the train you want to make a booking for 8 people.|There are 4 trains that meet your specifications. They run every two hours. The first one leaves at 17:54 and the last at 23:54. What would you prefer?
I think I would be interested in the 17:54 and I need to book it for 8 people.|Okay TR2442 is booked for 8 people at 17:54 on saturday. It will cost 81.92 GBP in total, and your reference number is CCTYHUU8.
I'm also looking for a restaurant that serves north american food, in the expensive range.|gourmet burger kitchen is perfect for you. It is in the center and is in expensive  price range. Could you like a reservation?
Yes. That would be great. Make it for Saturday for 8 people at 20:30.|Table for 8 at Gourmet Burger Kitchen, arriving at 20:30. They can hold your table for up to 15 minutes, only. Your Reference number is : ACOVVEZM.
Thank you, that is all I needed.|Have a good visit.
Hi, I need a recommendation for a restaurant in town.|I know several great restaurants! Do you have a cuisine or location preference? Or maybe a price range preference?
The restaurant should serve chinese food and should be in the moderate price range.|I think xxx restaurant is good
Is there a Yelp rating for the restaurant?|I'm sorry, but I don't have Yelp ratings.
ok. book what you deem best and get me the reference number.|Does the Golden Wok sound good? I will need to know how many are in your party and what time you'd like a reservation.
The reservation is just for me this Saturday at 15:45, please.|Before reserving, I just want to confirm you want the reservation for the Golden Wok?
Yes, I would like a reservation for the Golden Wok, for one person at 15:45 this Saturday. Please give me the reference number as well.|OK, I have your table booked. Your reference number is 0IYMOQTN. Is there anything else I can help you with?
That is all, thank you.|Thank you for using our services.
I am looking for a cheap restaurant to have a meal.|Sure thing, do you have a type of food you'd like or a specific area you'd like to eat in?
The restaurant should be in the south, and should serve eastern European food if there is a restaurant like that.|I am sorry, there are no restaurants that meet that criteria. Can I help with anything else?
How about Portugese?|There is one, shall I book it for you?
What price range is that one?|This is a cheap one.
I need a table for 4 at 19:30 on Thursday. If that time is unavailable, please reserve for 18:30.|I have booked you a table for four people on Thursday at 19:30 at nandos. The reference number is X15NtNNN. Can I help you with anything else?
No, that is all the information that I needed. Thank you for your time.|Thanks for using our helpline. Hope you have a great day.
Thank you! You too! Good Bye.|Bye, and have a great time at nandos!
Could you help me find a thai restaurant?|I have two listed one on the west side and one in the centre.
Please one in the centre.|Bangkok City is located in the centre. It is an expensive Thai restaurant. Would you like a reservation?
Yes I am needing a table for 7 this Monday at 11:15 please.|Great, they had an opening, you're all set. Your reference number is 1K1NDD5T.
Great. I am also looking for something to do on the West side of town. Any suggestions? I will need the entrance fee and postcode and the type of attraction.|Cambridge has 13 attractions on the west side.  I would suggest the Cafe Jello Gallery, which has a free entry.  Would you like more information on it?
Yes, what type of attraction is it and what is the postcode?|The Cafe Jello Gallery is a museum. The postcode is cb30af.
I am also looking for taxi to take from the museum to the restaurant by 11:15. Can you give me a contact number and the car type?|Okay, I've booked you a black Lexus. The contact number is 07019239723.
Thank you very much. That's all I need today.|Wonderful! Enjoy your time in the city.
Can you help me with some information on a restaurant called luca cucina and bar?|Sure, what information would you like?
What type of food do they serve?|Yes, De Luca Cucina serves modern European food.  Would you like me to book it for you?
No thanks.  Can you tell me the address and postcode for De Luca Cucina?|It is located at 83 Regent Street with a postcode of cb21aw. Is there anything else I could help you with?
Can you also give me a phone number to a cinema?|Yes i can. the phone number for Cineworld Cinema is 00872208000. Can I help you with anything else?
Yes, can you tell me if Cineworld Cinema has an entrance fee?  If so how much is that fee?|Unfortunately I don't have any entrance fee information for Cineworld. Can I help you with anything else?
No I just needed the phone number. Thank You.|You're welcome. Have a great time in Cambridge!
I am looking for an expensive place to eat in the South,|Is there any particular cuisine you have in mind?
Not really. What would you recommend?|Taj Tandoori is a great place for Indian food. Would you like a reservation?
I don't need a reservation yet. May I have Taj Tandoori's address, postcode, and phone number, please?|Okay, sure. The address is 64 Cherry Hinton Road Cherry Hinton. The post code is cb17aa, and the phone number is 01223412299. Do you need anything else?
Yes!  Can you help book train tickets?|I sure can, which stations will you be traveling between?
I'm going to be headed to Cambridge from Birmingham New Street on Monday.|There are trains every hour starting at 05:40. Travel time is 163 minutes. Is there a time you want to depart or arrive by? How many people are traveling?
I's like to depart after 16:15.  I just need information, not a booking.|What information do you want in particular?
I need the train Id.|I have a 16:40 departure and the train ID is TR5349.
What time will it arrive?|It will arrive in Cambridge at 19:23.
I'm not good at maths so please give me the total travel time too.|No problem. The travel time is 163 minutes. Is there anything else I can do for you?
That is all I need.|Okay great I am glad I could assist you today.
Thank you so much. Goodbye.|Have a nice day.  Good bye.
Hello, I'm trying to take a train on Wednesday that leaves from Broxbourne. Can you help me book a ticket?|Sure I can help you with that. I have train TR0788 leaving at 05:32 and will arrive to cambridge at 06:32.
I really need one that leaves after 11:00.|I have 13, is there a time youd like to arrive by?
It doesn't matter, as long as I can book it for 6 people. I will need the reference number please.|Success! TR5953 departs at 11:32 and arrives 12:32. Your reference number is EQCLFB3Q.
Thanks, I'm also looking for an expensive restaurant.|Sure, which part of town are you interested in eating at?
I'd like to eat in the city centre, if possible. Got any reco on Chinese places?|We have four: HK Fusion, Sesame Restaurant and Bar, Ugly Duckling, and Tang Chinese.
Pick one for me. Book it for the same group of people at 18:45 on the same day.|I am sorry but I was unable to book you at any of those restaurants.  Would you like to try another time?
Are any of those expensive?|They are all expensive. Would you like to try an early time?
Try it for 18:45 on the same day Wednesday, and please give me the reference number. It will be for 6 people.|I have booked a reservation at HK Fusion. Your reference number is XO4S9CL7. Do you need anything else?
That should be it. Thanks for your help!|You are quite welcome!
I'm looking for Milton Country Park. Can you tell me about it?|Of course, it's a park located in the north area of town and has no entrance fee. The phone number there is 01223420060
What kind of attraction is it?|It is a country park? Would you like to find anything else today?
I am also looking for a restaurant that serves international food and located in the centre of town.|The Varsity Restaurant is your best bet. Would you like a table there?
Is that in the moderate price range?|It sure is. May i book it for you?
No thank you but I would like the full address and phone number please.|The address for the Varsity Restaurant is 35 Saint Andrews Street City Centre, cb23ar. The phone number is 01223356060. Can I help you with anything else?
Can you book me a taxi between the two places? I want to get to the attraction by 20:45.|Your taxi has been booked. Is there anything else I may help you with today?
Could I please have the contact number and car type for the taxi?|Yes. The contact number is 07874698505 and the car type is a Grey Skoda. Can I help with anything else?
No thank you, that was everything that I needed help with. Thank you very much for helping me.|Have a great day!
I am planning a trip to Cambridge  looking for a train.|Where are you coming from for your visit?
I am leaving Bishops Stortford.|I have the system up but still need the date and time.
I would like to leave after 18:00|The TR9891 meets your criteria. Would you like to book tickets?
Yes please for 1 person.|You have a seat reserved on TR9891, reference #6K7A74SN. Can I help you with anything else today?
Can you book me a table at nandos city centre for 21:00 and give me a ref number|I'd be happy to. Please confirm the day you would like the reservation.
Saturday please.|You are now booked for Saturday at Nandos City Centre.  Your reference number is RMJ6DTL. Can I help you with anything else?
No, that will do it for today thank you.|Thank you for using our service!
I'm hoping to book a train.|Where and when are you departing from?
I'm going to Ely from Cambridge on Sunday.  Thank you.|great, what is your preferred departure or arrival time?
I would like to arrive by 20:15.|The first train leaves at 5:50.
Do you have something that leaves later but still makes the arrival time?|There's a train that arrives at 20:07. If you don't want to cut it that close, there's an earlier train that arrives at 18:07.
Give me the arrival time and train ID of the earlier train. Also find me a cheap restaurant that serves north american food if available or Indian food.|The arrival time of the TR5389 is 18:07. There are four restaurants that meet your criteria. Would you like a recommendation?
Yes, any you choose will be fine. I'll need to book a table for the same day, at 15:30, and it will just be me.|I booked you a table at kohinoor! Here is your reference number ZTGXVBXU. Anything else I can do for you?
Great, that's all I need, thanks so much for your help! Have a great day!|Have a good day as well. Bye.
I am looking for an expensive restaurant in the south part of town.|There are five restaurants in the expensive category in that area. Would you prefer Mexican, Italian, Chinese, or Indian?
I would prefer Mexican|Chiquito Restaurant Bar serves expensive Mexican food in the south part of town.  Would you like more info?
What is the address and phone number?|The address for the Mexican restaurant chiquito restaurant bar is 2G Cambridge Leisure Park Cherry Hinton Road Cherry Hinton and their phone number is 01223 400170.
Thank you goodbye.|You're welcome. Good bye.
I need a restaurant in the centre of town.|I can book you a table at J restaurant.
I would like a restaurant that also serves indian food please.|There are 9 results. Is there a certain price range you are wanting?
Do you have a recommendation?|The Curry Garden is delicious but it is also expensive.
Great book for 2 on friday at 13:30. I need the reference number.  I need to get train tickets too then|I was able to book you at the restaurant.  The Reference number is : JWD13X11.
Great. Could you also help me with a train from Kings Lynn to Cambridge. I need to leave after 19:45 on Sunday.|There are four trains leaving kings lynn after 19:45. They leave hourly starting at 20:11 until 23:11. Would you like me to book one for you?
Yes I need a booking for 2 people.  Please book the one leaving at 20:11.|Train TR1120, departing Kings Lynn at 20:11 has been booked for 2 seats. Your reference number is O5BX1Y1G.
I'm so sorry, I misspoke, I need the train on Saturday. Is it possible to change the reservation?|The train is for Saturday you are all set
Oh ok, thank you.|Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
No, thank you. I think we've covered it all.|Ok great. Have a wonderful day!
I am looking for a train from cambridge to london kings cross.|I see several options, all leaving on Friday. Is there a time you prefer to leave at?
I need to leave after 17:45 on tuesday|There are 3 trains that match your request. They leave at 19:00, 21:00, and 23:00 respectively. Would you like to buy a ticket for one of these?
I'll take the earliest train. I need two tickets and the reference number.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 47.2 GBP payable at the station. Reference number is : 0KAR945K. Anything else I can help with?
I'm also looking for a restaurant. The restaurant should be in the expensive price range and should be in the centre|I have several restaurants located in the centre, what type of food are you looking for?
I'm open to restaurant suggestions. What sounds interesting?|I have 5 restaurant, choices of food are african, asian oriental and british. Which of the  restaurant you?
African sounds good. Can you make a reservation for two for the last seating?|I sure can but in order for me to make a reservation for you at bedouin for some yummy african food, I need a precise time and day
Actually...can you just shoot me the address?|Sure, the address is 100 Mill Road City Centre.  Is there anything else I can help you with?
No. Thank you that will be all. Goodbye|You're welcome, have a nice day!
I am looking for information in Cambridge. looking for a place to dine.|Do you have a particular area and food type or price range in mind?
I want somewhere expensive in the north|We have five restaurants to choose from. Would you prefer Chinese, French, European or Asian Oriental food?
I would prefer French.|restaurant two two is an expensive french restaurant in the north part of town. Can I help you with anything else?
Could you please book a reservation for me? We need a table for 8 at 12:00 on Wednesday.|Yes your reservation number is 1YR1NTHK.
Great, thanks. I also need to find a train to Stevenage.|I can help what day would you like to depart?
I would like to leave on Thursday.|No but would you like to try another location ?
I need a train, going to Stevenage on Thursday and it needs to leave after 12:45.|There are five trains that leave after 12:45. Do you have a time in mind that you would like to leave at?
Please book 8 tickets on the first train leaving after 12:45 on Thursday.|Alright, I booked it and your reference is BIL1S6PI. Anything else I can do?
Thanks for your help, that will be all.|You are very welcome! Goodbye now!
I would like to book a table at a turkish place and is moderately priced.|You have your choice of Anatolia or Efes restaurant.
I will choose Anatolia . Address please ?|The address is 30 Bridge Street in the centre.
Can you book me a table for 7 at 12:30 on thursday?|I got a table at efes instead for you. Your reference number is 2J5AEMRI. Is there anything else?
That will be all thank you.|Thank you for using the system,goodbye.
Can I get a train to Cambridge on Friday?|There is a depature at london kings cross at 7:17 am.
Actually, I need to depart from leicester after 12:15.|Yes, there is a train that departs at 13:09, arriving in Cambridge at 14:54. Would that work for you?
Yes. Could you give me the Train ID?|The train ID for that one is TR4625.  Can I help you with more?
I need to find a cheap modern European restaurant.|There is a restaurant called the river bar steakhouse and grill that fits that criteria. It is located in the city centre.
Can I please have the phone number and postcode?|The phone number is 01223307030 and the postcode is cb58aq.  Can I help you with anything else?
No, that should be all.  Thank you for all your help.|You are very welcome. Travel safely!
Hello, I am looking for a restaurant in any area that serves danish food.|I'm sorry but there is no matching records found that fits your requests .
what about international food?|There are three restaurants that serve international food. Would you like a specific price range?
I do not have a preference.|bloomsbury restaurant is in the centre and serving international food and it is a moderate price is there anything I can help you with?
Can I get the phone number and postcode, please?|bloomsbury restaurant's phone number is 0871 942 9180, their postcode is C.B 2, 3 D.T
Thank you bye bye|Have a nice day!
Is there any place that serves BBQ around here?|I'm sorry there are no bbq places in the city, Is there another type of food you would be interested in?
I am interested in Portuguese food.|There are two portuguese restaurants. Would you prefer the south or centre part of town?
I don't care. can you give me one of the address ?|Sure, nandos in the south and its phone number is 01223 327908
I don't care about the price range.|Thank you for using the Cambridge restaurant system. Good bye.
Hi.  Can you please help me find a moderately priced restaurant in the South part of town?|here is a list of restaurants located in the south side of town in the moderate price range
May I have the address and phone number please|pizza hut cherry hinton is at G4 Cambridge Leisure Park Clifton Way Cherry Hinton and phone number is 01223 323737.
Thank you. Goodbye.|Thank you!  Goodbye.
I would like a mexican restaurant in west.|Unfortunately there are no mexican restaurants in the west. Would you look to try a different area?
Ok can we try to find a expensive Singaporean restaurant in the east?|I'm so sorry, there is nothing like that either.
Ok. What about Chinese?|I have yu garden located in the east and is expensive. Would you like to make reservations?
Yes that would be fine I need reservation sfor 5 people at 16:45 on saturday.|Okay the booking was successful. The reference number is RQLJFIDQ.
I am also looking for a train leaving Cambridge arriving by 13:45 at standsted airport.|The train on Friday leaves at 9:40 from Cambridge to Stansted Airport.  It's a 28 minute trip at 10.10 pounds. Would you like me to book this?
Not at this time. But thank you for the informtion.|Glad I could help and goodbye
Can you please find a train that leaves on Sunday from Cabridge and goes to stansted airport.|I have one that leaves at 12:40 and arrives at 13:08 on Sunday. Would like me to book this?
That would be great! Can you book 5 tickets on the 13:08 arrival train please? And then I'll need the reference number|Sure. It will cost you 40.4 GPB. Your reference number is WB1JNS4M.
Thank you very much. That's it now. Bye|Let us know if you need help anytime soon. Have a great day.
I am looking for a cheap restaurant that serves Scandinavian food|No results for your query have been found. Would you like to try again?
Are there any cheap restaurants that serve Italian food?|Yes, there are five options for cheap Italian food.  Three are located in the centre of town, one in the north, and one in the west part of town.  Do you have a preference on area?
It really doesn't matter, but I suppose the north. Can I get the address and phone number please?|Of course.  Da vinci pizzeria is at 20 Milton Road Chesterton, and the number is 01223 351707.
Thank you for your help.|You're welcome, enjoy your food.
I'm looking for a restaurant that is high end chinese.|I've found 9 high end chinese restaurants. Is there an area you prefer?
Yes, I'd like it to be in the south.|I have two, how many will be dining with you?
Which one would you recommend? I don't need a reservation, just the address and phone number.|I recommend the peking restaurant the phone number is 01223354755 and there address is 10 Homerton Street City Centre. Is there anything else you need?
Great I also am looking for a place to stay with free parking in the south part of town too.|Sure I have several choices for you. Do you have a price range preference?
I would like it to be in the expensive price range.|I found one hotel, The Lensfield Hotel. Would you like to make a reservation?
Do they also have internet available?|Yes, internet is available.
Thanks, that's all I need. Have a nice day.|Okay great. Thanks I will.
Have a great day too. Goodbye.|Goodbye! I hope your day is great.
am looking for a restaurant. The restaurant should be in the west and should be in the cheap price range|I have two choices in that area and price range.  Would you prefer Italian or Vietnamese?
I would prefer Vietnamese.|Thanh Binh is a cheap Vietnamese restaurant in the west. Shall I book a reservation for you?
Yes please. I'd like it to be for Tuesday at 12:00.|How many people should I make the reservation for?
There will be 7 of us.|The booking was successful and your table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Your reference number is KH5F18TN. Anything else I may assist you with?
No that's it. Thanks for your help!|You are welcome! Have a nice day!
Can you help me find a restaurant in the north that is cheap?|Sure! Would you like Indian or Italian food?
I would like Lebanese food.|I don't have any that match. Do you have any other prefences?
How about italian food then?|Sure. Da Vinci Pizzeria is a cheap Italian restaurant in the area. The address is 20 Milton Road Chesterton CB41JY and the phone number is 01223351707.
Would you mind making a reservation for Thursday at 17:15 please?|Okay! For how many people?
The reservation will be for 5 people|Your reservation for da vinci pizzeria on this thursday at 17:15 for a party of 5 was successful. Your Reference number is : UG63SDOH.
I am also looking for places to go in town in the same area as the restaurant.|I have four attractions and they include boat park and 2 swimming-pool. Which one will you prefer?
Whatever you recommend is fine. I'll need the entrance fee and attraction type.|Is there a certain type of attraction that you prefer?
Yes, please give me the entrance fee for the boat park.|I'm sorry, but the entrance fee for the boat park is unknown. Would you like the phone number?
no thanks, that will be all.|Thanks for using our service today!
I am looking for a restaurant that is in the cheap price range and in the east part of town.|The Missing Sock serves cheap food in the east part of town.
can i have the phone and address ?|the address of the missing sock is Finders Corner Newmarket Road and phone number is 01223 812660
thank you for your help, good bye.|thank you very much, good bye.
I would like an expensive restaurant in the east part of town, please.|Do you have a preference as to food type? I found matches for British, Indian, Chinese, and Gastropub.
I don't have a preference.|The Grafton Hotel Restaurant is an expensive restaurant in the east part of town that serves British food.
What is the address?|The address of the Grafton Hotel Restaurant is Grafton Hotel 619 Newmarket Road Fen Ditton.
Thank you and good bye.|You're welcome. Good bye.
Bye.|enjoy your meal.
Goodbye.|good bye
moderately priced restaurant in the west part of town please|There are two italian and one british moderatley priced restaurants. Are there any you would like to know more information on?
Please give me the address of the british restaurant.|Saint Johns Chop House is a British restaurant located at 21 - 24 Northampton Street.
what type of food do they serve ?|Saint Johns Chop House serves british food .
Thank you, goodbye.|Thank you for using this system. Goodbye.
I'm looking for a concert hall in the east.|I am sorry but there are no concert halls in the east. There is one in the centre of town, though. Do you want more information about it?
How about a museum in the east?|There are 4. Cambridge artworks, cambridge museum of technology, gallery at twelve high st, and st barnabas press gallery.
Thank you very much, could I have the phone number for each of those museums?|Cambridge Artworks' number is 01223902168, Cambridge Museum of Technology is 01223368650, Gallery at twelve a high street 01223295264, and Saint Barnabas Press Gallery 01223902116. Can I help you with anything else?
I'd like to get some information on a restaurant in the same area, maybe serving indian food?|We have 9 options in the centre for Indian food, any preference on price range?
I have no preference on the price range.|I would recommend Saffron Brasserie then, the atmosphere is fantastic. They are expensive. Would you like to make a reservation there?
Yes please. Book it for 2 on Wednesday at 11:45.|I was unable to make a reservation at the time you wanted. Would you like to try another time
Please try 10:45.|The booking for 10:45 was successful, your reference number is X91CKCCU. Is there anything else I can do for you?
I will need a taxi to go between the two places please.|Okay, when would you like to leave?
I would like to arrive at 10:45.|Where will you be departing from?
Cambridge Artworks please and going to Saffron Brasserie.|You are all set, look for a grey bmw, the phone number is 07332820178, can I assist with anything else?
No, thats it thanks!|I'm pleased I could assist you.
Thank you for your help!  Goodbye!|Thank you for contacting Cambridge TownInfo centre. Goodbye!
I'm traveling to Cambridge and looking forward to their restaurants. I need a place to stay while I'm there.|What hotel type are you interested in ? what area will you be staying in?
I need to find a place in the east side and the pricerange should be expensive.  I also need free parking|The Express by Holiday Inn Cambridge would fit all of your needs.  It's a 2 star hotel and offers free internet.
Perfect. I need a room for 3 people, two nights starting from wednesday.|The booking was successful. Here is your reference number: 6DAJ8EHD
Thank you for helping me.|Was there anything else I could help you with today?
Yes, actually. I'm looking for information on expensive restaurants with creative food.|I'm sorry I don't have anything like that available. Is there another type of food that interests you?
how about north american food?|Yes! How about Gourmet Burger Kitchen?
As long as it is expensive. Can I just get the postcode, address, and area for that?|Sure!  The phone is 01223312598, the postal code is cb21ab and the address is Regent Street City Centre.
Cool beans, bro. Thanks for your help. Laters.|Would you like me to make reservations at gourmet burger kitchen for you?
I don't think I need reservations today. That is all I need help with thank you.|Sounds good, thank you for your time.
Hi.  I'm trying to find a restaurant that serves Welsh food.  Can you help me?|no information found
How about Portuguese food? I don't care about the price range.|which area of town would you prefer?
Portuguese food in any area|There are two restaurants serving portuguese food. Nandos in the South and Nandos in City Center. Would you like further information on either of those?
Could you give me the phone number and address of the Nandos in City Center?|Nandos can be found at 33-34 Saint Andrews Street and can be reached at 01223 327908. Can I assist you with anything else?
No thanks, that is all. Goodbye.|Thank you and have a great day!
I'm looking for a restaurant in the centre of town and it needs to be in the expensive price range.|What type of food are you interested in having?
I'm open to anything. I need a booking for 5 people at 12:00 on Wednesday. Give me the reference number please.|You have a reservation for 5 at the Asian restaurant, Kymmoy at 52 Mill Road City Centre for 12:00 on Wednesday, reference number CL644V0R. Anything else I can assist with?
Thank you very much, yes, I also need to book a train ticket. I'd like to take the train on the same day and arrive by 09:45 if possible.|I have 84 train departures with this criteria. Where are you departing from or where is your destination?
I'll be leaving from kings lynn. Any train that gets me there close to the arrival time will be fine.|I have a train that leaves Kings Lynn on Wednesday at 08:11 and arrives at 08:58.  Will this work for you?
That works perfectly. Please make the booking for five people, and include my reference number, thank you.|Great it's all booked your reference number is 5X6H64MG.
Thank you very much for your help. Have a great day!|You are very welcome! Before we end the conversation, did you need any other assistance?
Nope that should do it|Alright. Enjoy the rest of your day!
I'm looking for a restaurant in the south that serves austrian food.|Unfortunately there are no Austrian restaurants anywhere in Cambridge. Any other kind of food you might consider?
If you don't have any restaurants that serve Austrian food, do you at least have any restaurants in the cheap price range?|There are two restaurants that are cheap in the south part of town. A Chinese restaurant and a Protugese restaurant. Are either of these okay?
Portuguese sounds great.|Excellent. Would you like me to book it for you?
Yes I need it for 4 people at 15:00 on saturday please.|Alright, I was able to book you a table for 4 on Saturday at 15:00. Your reference number is M9SA1TCA. Is there anything else I can do for you?
I am looking for a specific hotel by the name of Alexander Bed and Breakfast, can you help me find it?|Sure. The Alexander Bed and Breakfast is a gueshouse located in the center of town. It's address is 56 Saint Barnabas Road and the postcode is cb12de.
Thank you I need to book four people for 2 nights starting saturday|Ok I've got you booked for 4 people for 2 nights starting Saturday. Your reference number is H1VE80W2. Is there anything else you need?
I would like to book a taxi to commute between two places that arrives by 15:00. With the contact number and car type.|What is your departure site and what is your destination?
The hotel you just booked for me, the Alexander Bed and Breakfast and restaurant you booked, the Portugese restaurant.|No problem. I've booked a yellow volkswagen for you. The number is 07168534241.
Great thanks! I believe that is everything I need for today. Good bye!|Have a great day!
I need a restaurant serving swiss food in the centre of town.|There are no Swiss food serving restaurants in that part of town, is there another type of restaurant in that area I can help you locate?
How about Chinese instead?|There are 10 restaurants that serve Chinese in this area. Did you have price range?
Price range doesn't matter. Can I have the address of a place that sounds good?|My personal favorite would have to be the ugly duckling. It is located at 12 St. Johns Street, City Centre, postcode cb21tw. Would you like to book a reservation?
Yes, I also need a train that departs from Ely on Wednesday.|There is a train that leaves Ely every two hours starting at 05:35.  What time would you like to depart?
I need to arrive in Cambridge by 17:30, so whatever arrives closest to that time would be great.|The train arriving closest to 17:30 in Cambridge Wednesday is TR2211, which arrives at 15:52. Would you like to book a seat?
What is the price?|The price of that will be 4.40 pounds.  Would you like to book a ticket?
Yes please. Can you provide me with the ticket information?|How many tickets will you need?
I just need 1 ticket please.|Your booking was successful, your reference number is PZ1ED5GM.
Awesome. That will be everything!|Great. Have a great day!
I'm looking for a train that leaves cambridge after 20:30|Where would you like the train to take you?
I want to go to Leicester.|TR3466 leaves at 22:21 would that work for you?
Yes, that will work fine. Will you please book it for 3 people and also provide the reference number?|Your reservation is confirmed for 3 people on Train ID TR3466. Your reference number is TB112VJL. Total fee is 113.4 GBP payable at the station.
I'm also looking for a cheap place to dine that serves venetian food.|I'm afraid we don't have any venetian restaurants in town. Is there something else that would work for you?
Can you recommend a place that services spanish food?|La raza is located in ctre and serves spanish food.
Great. Thanks for all your help.|I hope you enjoy your train trip.
I am looking for a place to eat that is cheap.|What type of food are you interested in?
I'd like some Italian food.|La Margherita is a great (and cheap!) Italian place on the west side of town. Would you like a table there?
Yeah. Can I get one for 8 people on friday at 14:30 please?|Absolutely, will you be needing a reference number?
Yes, I definitely need the reference number. Thank you.|Great, you are all booked and ready to go. Your reference number is 8ON7IKVZ. Would you like me to help you with anything else?
Well now that you've asked, I would like some information about the kirkwood house hotel|It is a moderate price range with internet and parking. Would you like me to book a room?
Yes I nee to book a room Friday. for 3 nights, 8 people. I'll also need a reference number.|your booking was successful and reference number is 8ON7IKVZ
i also want a taxi to commute between the two places,|What is your departure and arrival sites and times?
Have the taxi pick us up at the Kirkwood house at 14:00 and at the restaurant at 16:30.|Your taxi has been booked from Kirkwood House to La Margherita at 14:00. You will be picked up by a yellow tesla with contact #07403061771.
Sweet, thanks a lot for your help!|You're welcome! Have a great day!
Hi. I'm looking for an Italian restaurant in the centre of the city?|We have many options! Did you have a specific price range?
Definitely cheap.|There are several, two on Regent Street, and one at 12 Bridge Street. Do you have any preferences?
It doesn't matter. What do you recommend?|I would recommend one of the locally owned restaurants. What is your address? I can find one of the closest to you. Do you want to walk?
Please just book a cheap Italian one for me in the centre, I need it for 8 people at 13:45 on Saturday.|I was able to book a table at zizzi cambridge for 13:45. Your reference number is KSYHRB8I.
Thanks, that's all I needed today. You've been a great help!|Have a wonderful day, and enjoy your meal!
Hello, I'm in  the west and I am looking for a restaurant in the moderate price range. Can you please help me?|Sure, there are three: British, Indian and Italian are their respective cuisines.
What's the name of the Italian place?|have 2 listings one for meghna and one for prezzo.
I would like it to be Italian, and in the West please.|I found Prezzo on 21 - 24 Northampton Road.  Would you like me to book a table for you now?
book a table for 7 at 14:45 on saturday and get me a reference number|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.Reference number is : GW3LQPRE.
I also need the area and address of an attraction called Old Schools please.|Sure, it is in the centre area on trinity lane, postal is cb21tt, can I help with anything else?
No, that takes care of everything! Thanks!|You're welcome! Have a great day!
Can you find me a Turkish restaurant in the expensive price range please?|I have found the Meze Bar Restaurant located in centre area. Can I book this for you?
No. That's okay. Thank you. What is some other information on this location?|They are located in the centre of town, their postcode is cb13nf, and they are located at 196 Mill Road City Centre.
Thank you for that information I should have everything I need now.|Are you sure I can't help you with anything else?
I'm looking for a train from Birmingham New Street to Cambridge.|There are 133 trains, do you have a day and time you would like to travel?
Sure, wednesday I would like to leave after 14:45 please.|I have 9 trains that leave every hour and the first one is at 15:40.  Would you like me to book you the 15:40 train?
Yes but can you make a booking for 6 people? I would like a reference number too.|Booking was successful for TR5567, the total fee is 450.6 GBP payable at the station. The reference number is 4ARZYTLC. Is there anything else you need help with?
Nope that should be it thank you|Booking was successful, the total fee is 450.6 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : 4ARZYTLC.
I want to eat. I am looking for a Jamaican restaurant with a moderate price range please.|I'm sorry, there are no moderately priced Jamaican restaurants. What about a different food type?
I would really prefer Jamaican. Are there any in the centre part of town?|Unfortunately there is none there as well. Can I broaden your search further?
Okay, well how about one that serves modern European food in that area?|I have two modern european restaurants in the centre.  Would you like to book at de luca cucina and bar?
Yes, that would be great and can you give me the postcode and their address please?|The address is 83 Regent Street, postcode cb21aw. What day and time would you like to book?
I will take care of that myself. Could you find me a train going to norwich arriving by 12:45?|I'll be happy to help. I need to know the day and your departure site, please?
I leave on Wednesday, departing from Cambridge.|TR9635 will depart cambridge at 10:36 on wednesday and arrive in norwich at 11:55. Would you like me to book tickets for you?
Please book that train.|Of course, how many tickets would you like me to book?
I would like to book a total of 6 tickets. And can I please get the reference number.|I was able to successfully book your tickets for train TR9635. Your reference number is 6144V7BE. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No. Thank you very much for your help.|Certainly! Have a nice day and contact the Cambridge TownInfo centre whenever you like!
I would like a Hungarian restaurant in the west of town.|There are no Hungarian restaurants in the west of town. Would you like to change your query?
Is there any Indian food on the west side of town.|There are 6 Indian restaurants in the west part of town. What price range do you have in mind?
The price range doesn't matter.|Would you like the name, address and phone number of a few of them?
Yes, but just for one.|Cocum is located at 71 Castle Street City Centre and their phone number is 01223 366668.   Their price range is expensive.
Thank you!|You're welcome. May I help with another query?
Nope, I'm good. Thanks again.|Goodbye.
Actually yes you can help me find a hotel on the North end that offers free parking|There are 11 to chose from do you have a price range you prefer?
Oh, wait. I think maybe a guesthouse would better suit our needs.|How about the arbury lodge guesthouse?
That sounds to be a good one. May i please have their address and description of the location?|The Arbury Lodge is located in the north part of town, at 82 Arbury Road. Do you want to make a reservation?
Actually, right now, I just need to have the address.  Also, I need to find a restaurant.  Expensive with northern European food.|The address for Arbury Lodge Guesthouse is 82 Arbury Road. There are no expensive North European restaurants in Cambridge. Do you want to change the food type?
How about an expensive Korean restaurant?|little seoul has great food, when would you like the reservation for and for how many?
Six people at 17:45 on Wednesday would work great.  Can I get a reference number please?|The reference number is R20I7FP5 do you need help with anything else?
I also need to get a taxi from the guesthouse to the hotel.|Do you mean from the guesthouse to the restaurant?
Yes, excuse me. Can you please book a taxi that will arrive there by the reservation time?|Ok, I've booked you a taxi. It will be a white toyota, with the contact number	:	07693044050
Great, thank you so much!  That's everything I needed.  Have a great day!|great day and thanks for inquiring from us
It was my pleasure. thanks a gain.|welcome all the time
I've really got to go. I am late for work. Goodbye.|I'm so sorry about that, it looks like someone left the phone off the hook, i'll hang up now. good bye.
I want an expensive place to stay in the west side.|The Huntingdon Marriott Hotel is an expensive, 4-star hotel in the west that offers free internet and parking. Would you like me to book this for you?
I don't really need internet, but that sounds like everything else I want.  Yes, I'd like you to book it.|OK, what is your arrival date, number of nights, and number of people in your party?
I will hold off on the booking today I think I have all I need|Okay, the phone number is 01480446000 for your convenience. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Actually, I would like to book the hotel for 6 people for 4 nights starting on Sunday.|Booking was not possible. Would you like to try a shorter stay, fewer rooms, or another day?
Yes, is 3 nights possible? Could I also please have a reference number?|Great, the booking was successful.  Your reference number is HJHE475H.  Is there anything else I can help you with?
Thank you. I would like to make reservations for my party to have dinner one night near the hotel. We would like to go to a restaurant that serves Indian food, if possible.|I see one moderately priced Indian restaurant in that area, and several expensive ones. Do you have a preference?
I would prefer one of the expensive places. Need to impress my guests, you know?|There are three expensive Indian Restaurants in that area. Can I recommend Tandoori Palace?
Yes, that sounds good. Please book it for the same 6 people at 12:30 on Sunday.|I was not able to reserve a table for you at that time. Is there a different day or time slot that you would like?
Yes, how about 11:30 instead? Please send reference number for the booking.|Great! I have a table for 6 people at 11:30 onSundar at Tandoori Palace, Reference Number 3BMGPAN3. Is there anything else I can do for you?
No thank you, that is all I needed!|Thank you, you have a good day!
I would like a restaurant in centre city serving spanish food.|la raza is a Spanish restaurant in the city centre that is in the cheap price range.
Please give me La Raza's address and postcode. Please give me La Raza's phone number.|The address for La Raza is 4 - 6 Rose Crescent, and the postcode is C.B 2, 3 L.L. La Raza's phone number is 01223 464550.
Thank you!|Thank you, goodbye.
Goodbye!|Goodbye.
I'm looking for a place to eat in the centre of Cambridge. I'd like Mediterranean food.|I have three different ones. I have two expensive ones and one that is rather cheap. Do you have a preference?
I want the expensive one. Can you give me some information on them?|There is La Mimosa on Thompsons Lane Fen Ditton as well as Shiraz Restaurant at 84 Regent Street City Centre. Would you like more information?
La Mimosa sounds interesting. That's all I needed. Thanks!|You're welcome. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I need a train that will be leaving anytime after 16:45 going to cambridge, please.|What destination and what day?
The destination is Cambridge and I'd like it on Monday.|There are 77 trains. Where are you leaving from?
I'll be leaving from Birmingham New Street.|I have a train leaving at 17:40 from birmingham new street to cambridge. Would you like me to book it?
Yes please and can you give me the travel time, arrival time, and train ID?|The train we're looking at is TR3130. It arrives at 20:23	so the travel time is 163 minutes. How many seats do you need?
You've given me all the information I need. Thanks. Have a nice day.|My pleasure! Please call us back if we could help you with anything else.
I am looking for a restaurant serving seafood, in the center of the town.|Loch Fyne offers seafood in the city centre. Would you like me to book you a table?
No, I want expensive Italian food instead.|No problem!  I found four restaurants for you to chose from.  Would you like for me to make a reservation at one of them?
Yes I need a table for 8 Sunday at 16:45.|ok, first let's verify which restaurant you would like out of the four.
Please give me the names of the 4 choices and I'll make my selection.  Needs to be an expensive Italian restaurant in the Centre.  Thanks!|stazione restaurant and coffee bar, don pasquale pizzeria, clowns cafe, caffe uno
I would like to book a reservation for 8 on Sunday at 16:45 at Stazione Restaurant and coffee bar.|This has been booked. Anything else I could help you with ?
Can I please get the reference number and then can you help me find some places to go near the restaurant?|Apologies, the reference number is : AY05TZJQ. I have 44 places that I can recommend near the restaurant. Do you have any type of preferences?
Im sorry for being so loop, how about a college in that area, whatever you recommend.|There are 13 colleges in the centre, but I personally recommend corpus christi. Can I do anything else for you?
I also need to book a taxi.|For the taxi, please specify a place of departure, a destination, and a time by which to leave or arrive
I would be leaving the restaurant.|Your taxi is booked. Your car type is a grey tesla and the contact number is 07621703476
I will be need a taxi also to get from Corpus Christi College to the restaurant.|Your taxi is booked. Your car type is a grey tesla and the contact number is 07621703476
Just one more thing. What is the entrance fee for the college?|The entrance fee for Corpus Christi College is 2 pounds.
Thanks, I'm good to go now. I appreciate your help, bye!|Have a wonderful trip.
I would like an expensive restaurant in the south part of town|Chiquito restaurant bar is a Mexican restaurant located in the south part of town and the price range is expensive.   Would you like their address?
Sounds great. What is their phone number?|Their number is 01223 400170. Is there anything else I can do for you?
Thank you goodbye.|Thank you for using our system. Good bye
Bye bye.|You hang up first, sir!
I'd like to find an expensive restaurant in the east part of town.|Certainly.  Some of your options are: The Grafton Hotel Restaurant, the Pipasha restaurant, the Royal Standard, the Sitar Tandoon, and the Yu Garden.
So many choices.  Can you just suggest one and give me the address, phone number and postcode?|How about Pipasha restaurant, they serve indian food, and their phone number is 01223 577786. Their address is Newmarket Road Fen Ditton and their postcode is C.B 5, 8 P.A
Thank you very much!|Thank you, goodbye.
I need information on a restaurant called saffron brasserie please.|Absolutely. It is an indian restaurant located in the centre. It is in the expensive price range.
I would like to book a table for 5 people at 17:45 on Wednesday. Also could you give me the reference number?|I was able to book you a table at the restaurant. It will be reserved for no more than 15 minutes. Is there anything else i may help you with?
Yes I'll also need a place to stay as well as a reference number for my reservation.|There are several guesthouses/hotels that are available. What price range are you looking for?
I am not looking for a specific price range but I do need it to have free wifi and free parking.|There are 25 lodging options that have both free WIFI and parking, do you have an area in mind to stay in?
I would like a guesthouse on the east side of town.|There are 5 such places. Do you have a preferred price range?
No, I'll take the address for the first one listed.|Sure thing - The Allenbell is located at 517a coldham lane, cb13js. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No, thank you!  That'll be all for today!|Alright, have a nice day.
Can you tell me about any Modern European places in the expensive range?|There is one place, darrys cookhouse and wine shop in the centre. Would you like me to book that for you?
i'd rather have some place in the south|I'm sorry, but there are no restaurants in the south that match your criteria. Would you like to try a different type of food?
suggest any and find me their address, postcode and phone number|There's a great Mexican place called the Chiquito Restaurant Bar. Their address is 2G Cambridge Leisure Park Cherry Hinton Road. Post code is cb17dy. Phone number is 01223400170.
I also need a train for Sunday that leaves after 17:00.|Certainly, where would you like to depart from? And what is your destination?
I would like to leave after 17:00|how about TR9039? it leaves at 19:00
That's perfect, thanks. I have everything I need for today.|So happy to have been of service. Thanks for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre, and have a great day!
I am looking for information in Cambridge.|Okay! What would you like to know?
I need a train to bishops stortford on Tuesday that can get me there by 19:30.|TR2153 arrives closest to that, it can get you there by 18:07, shall I book you?
Can I get the price for that?|yes that will be 55pounds can I get anything else ?
When does the train leave Bishops Stortford, please?|That train would leave at 17:29.
Okay, thanks. Now could you also help me find a cheap persian restaurant in the centre?|There are no such options available. Shall we try a different food type perhaps?
How about asian oriental?|There are two options, I recommend the dojo noodle bar, shall I book you?
Yes book a table for 6 at 16:00 on Tuesday please.|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Ummm reference number please.|The reference number is 9TUP5ZI2.
Thank you so much. You have been a great help.|You're welcome. Did you need anything else?
I don't need anything else. Have a great day!|Okay, you have a great day as well!
I am looking for an expensive Chinese restaurant in the south.|The Good Luck Chinese Food Takeaway or Peking Restaurant would meet your needs. Would you like to make a reservation?
No reservation right now, I just need the phone number.|The Good Luck Chinese Food Takeaway can be reached at 01223244149. The Peking Restaurant can be reached at 01223354755. Is there anything else I can help with?
No that's all I needed. Thank you!|Thank you for contacting Cambridge TownInfo centre. Have a wonderful day!
I want a danish restaurant in the south.|There are no Danish restaurants in the south.
How about an Italian restaurant in the south?|There is a frankie and bennys located in the south.
phone number and postcode|The phone number is 01223 412430.  The postcode is C.B 1, 7 D.Y
Thank you, goodbye.|thank you ..good bye
I am looking for a restaurant in the centre of town.|There are 69 restaurants in the centre. Is there a specific type of cuisine or price range you are looking for?
I am looking for an expensive restaurant in the centre, type of food does not matter but I need a table for 7 people for Tuesday at 13:15.|Unfortunately there is no vacancy on that day at that time. Can we try another day or time?
Could we try for Tuesday at 12:15 please.|I made a reservation at Bedouin, an African restaurant, for 7 people on Tuesday at 12:15.  Your reservation number is PN95JSUF.  Is there anything else?
Yes, I'm looking for a particular attraction called Whale of a Time.  Do you have any information on it?|Yes, Whale of a Time is located in the west part of town, phone number is 01954781018. Any other questions?
Could I have the postcode, address, and entrance fee?|The postcode is cb238el, address is unit 8, viking way, bar hill and there is not an entrance fee listed. Can I help you with anything else?
Yes, can you book me a taxi between those two? I'd like to arrive at the restaurant in time for my reservation please.|I have booked a Yellow Tesla for you and you will arrive at the restaurant by 12:15.  The contact number for the taxi is 07916644539.  Is there anything else?
No, that should do it, thanks!|Thank you for using Cambridge TownInfo centre. Have a great day!
Hello, can you tell me about some Asian Oriental restaurants in the centre?|There are several. Would you like a list of all of them, or do you have a preferred price range?
Would you please recommend one?|I recommend j restaurant. Would you like a reservation?
Sure, for 5 people at 13:45 on Friday.|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Reference number is : 9Z2BJHO4
I am will need a train.|Okay, what day are you traveling and what is your destination?
I need to get from ely to cambridge, on that same Friday.|The TR8519 train leaves at 5:35 and arrives at 5:52
make a booking for the same group of people.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 22 GBP payable at the station. Reference number is : J71IZZAE. Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
I also need reservation for food.|Do you know what kinda of food you want.
No, don't worry about it. I already got a reservation earlier. That is all I need.|Thank you for using our service today.
I would like to find a guesthouse to stay in that's in the expensive price range. Can you help me?|There are zero guesthouses in the expensive range. Would you like to explore hotels or other price ranges?
Ok. Can we look for something on the north side?|There are several moderately priced guesthouses in the North.  Arbury Lodge, perhaps?  It has a 4 star rating.
That sounds like a good option! Does it include internet? I won't be needing it during my stay, but I'd like to know.|Yes, the arbury guest house offers internet
Can you book it for me?|How many people and how many days would you like to book for?
Please book for 2 people, for 5 nights, starting from Wednesday.|I have you booked for a room on Wednesday, for 5 nights, for two people.  Your reference number is JHI0YPSS.  Would you like help with anything else?
looking for a restaurant. The restaurant should serve chinese food and should be in the same price range as the hotel|There are four! 3 in the centre, and 1 in the north!
I want the one in the north please|golden wok is what you're looking for, can i book it for you?
Yes, please book golden wok for 2 people at 18:45 on Wednesday.|Booked! The reference number is V9O804ND. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Could I also get a taxi to go from the hotel to the restaurant please?|A blue tesla will be picking you up in time to arrive at the restaurant by 18:45. Their Contact number	is 07398063187. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
That is all, thanks.|Thank you for contacting us and have a nice day.
Hi, I want a Tuscan restaurant that's expensively priced.|I'm sorry, there are no Tuscan restaurants in the expensive price range.  Would you like to try something else?
How about korean food?|Little Seoul is an expensive restaurant in the Centre area. Would you like the address?
Yes please.|The address is 108 Regent Street City Centre. Do you need any further information?
No, thank you.|enjoy your meal!
Are there any expensive restaurants that are centrally located?|There are many restaurants that meet your criteria, is there a specific type of food you would like to eat?
I would like a place that serves Korean food.|Little Seoul is the only Korean restaurant in the center of town, and it is expensive. Would you like to book a table there?
That sounds just delightful! I would like a reservation for two at 20:00 for Friday. And I will need that reference number, please.|Okay you're all ready to go! Your reference number is Y8V4909W. Can I help you with anything else?
I would also like to book a train to Cambridge that day.|Where are you leaving from?
I'll be leaving from london liverpool street and I need to arrive in Cambridge by 11:15.|Ok. You are all ready to go. Your reference number is 52BZEK4D. The total fee is 33.2 GBP payable at the station. Can I help you with anything else?
No, that's all today. Thank you for your help!|Thank you have a great day.
I am looking for a restaurant in the north part of town that is in the cheap price range.|Royal Spice is in the north part of town and is in the cheap price range.
can i have something else?|Da vinci pizzeria serves is in the north part of town and in the cheap price range.  Would you like their location?
What is the address?|their address is 20 Milton Road Chesterton
Thank you good bye.|You're welcome, goodbye
Are there any Chinese restaurants in the centre part of town?|jinling noodle bar is in the centre abd serves chinese food
Are they expensive?|They are in the moderate price range.
Please look for something else in the expensive price range. I will need the address, post code and phone number.|Does the Jinling Noodle Bar sound like a good choice?
Sure! What's the address, postcode, and phone number of it?|their address is 11 Peas Hill City Centre, postcode is cb23pp , and phone number is 01223566188
thank you for your help|Thank you goodbye
Hi, can you help me find a train from kings lynn on Monday?|Sure! There are 19 trains departing from Kings Lynn on Monday. What is your destination so I can narrow down the list for you?
Cambridge is my destination, please.|How many tickets would you like?
I will need 6 tickets.|The TR4943 leaves Kings Lynn at 05:11, would you like me to book your seats on that train?
Yes, is there a reference number?  I also am looking for a place to dine in the north area of town that serves chinese food.|There are three places that serve Chinese in the North, what is your price-range?
Moderate please and thank you.|The golden wok fits your criteria. Is there anything else I could help you with today?
Can you book me a table there for Monday at 14:30?|Yes of course, just tell me how many guests before I can process.
There will be 6 of us.|That place is not open at that time. Shall I try another?
Could you try for 13:30?|I was able to book the restaurant for you. The reference number is OESBPDPB. What else can I help you with?
That will be all. Thank you so much for all of your help!|you are welcome. its been our pleasure to serve you.
Can you help me out with some information on a specific hotel?|Of course, could you please give me the name of the Hotel you are looking for?
I'm looking for the Express by Holiday Inn.|This hotel is on the east side of town, rated 2 stars, and in the expensive pricerange. Do you need more information or can I book a room for you?
Thank you! Please book a room for 6 people for 5 nights, starting on Friday.|Okay, I was able to get you the booking. Your reference number is SQ6GX5Q5. Can I help you with anything else?
Yes, I'm also looking for a restaurant called the rice boat.|Rice boat is an expensive Indian food restaurant in the west, located at 37 Newnham Road Newnham.
Could you book me a setting there for the same group and day at 17:30?|I certainly ca. Your reservation number is ZK68BCKQ.
thanks, i also need a taxi to get me from the hotel to the restaurant. can you help?|you will be riding in a grey audi and the contact number is 07939088518
Okay great thank you.|Have a great day!
I need a train going to cambridge after 10:15 please.|What is your departure station please?
I am departing from Ely.|great, and on what day will you be traveling?
I will leave Thursday.|okay, the TR0813 leaves at 11:35 and arrives by 11:52. Would you like me to make a reservation for you?
Yes, please.  I need tickets for seven people.|Perfect, the train for 7 people is booked. The reference number is X5NYAW3W. Is there anything else I can help with?
Are there any modern european restaurants in the centre area?|Yes, there is the riverside brasserie, would you like to find out more about this restaurant?
Once you find the restaurant you want to book a table for the same group of people at 15:15 on the same day.|You are booked for riverside brasserie. Your reference number is K7R76S78. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Is there something else I can help with?
No that's great thank you.|you are welcome anytime
I need to find a really cheap hotel can you help me find one?|There are 10 really cheap hotels I've found. Is there a certain area you're looking for?
I need to find a hotel in the west that has free wifi and located in the west please.|The Cambridge Belfry is a hotel that should meet your needs.  Would you like me to book you a room?
Yes, can you book that for friday for 3 nights?|I'd love to - how many people in your party?
There will be 5 of us.|I booked you a room with reference number 39RB6I37.  Can I be of further assistance to you today?
I am also looking for a cheap, italian restaurant near the hotel.|I have two near the hotel, the la margherita is very cheap. Would you like me to reserve it?
Can I please get the address for it?|Yes, of course. The address is 15 Magdalene Street City Centre. Would you like to reserve a table?
No, but I do want to book a taxi to go between the restaurant and the hotel, leaving the restaurant by 19:00.|Ok, I have reserved a taxi for you leaving the restaurant at 19:00. It will be a red Volvo, and the contact number is 07540782675. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, that's all. Thanks so much! Bye!|You're welcome, have a great day.
I'd like to find an expensive restaurant on the south side of town.|Do you have a food type preference?
Yes. Chinese, please.|Peking restaurant is in the south and in the expensive price range. Would you like to reserve a table?
Reserve a table for 4 please.|For which day and time would you like?
Monday at 19:30 would be perfect.|I have made your reservation for Monday with reference #Y7I4EMPO. Can I help you any further?
I'm also looking for some entertainment in the same area as the restaurant.|I have 2 great options for entertainment venues in the south. One is Nusha and the other is Tenpin. But, if you don't mind a suggestion I would say Nusha.
Sounds good. I need the address and phone number for them too.|Okay, Nusha is located on Unit g6, Cambridge Leisure Park, Clifton Road and phone number is 01223902158. Tenpin is located on Cambridge Leisure Park, Clifton Way and phone number is 08715501010.
Thank you so much for your help. Can we also look at 4 star hotels in the same area?|What price range would you like?
Forget the hotels. That's all the information I need today. Thanks for all your help.|To be clear you don't need me to look up any other information for you?
I don't need anything other than the restaurant and the attractions. Thank you for your assistance. Goodbye.|You're welcome. Enjoy your stay! Goodbye
Can you find me a moderately priced restaurant in the west ?|Meghna is an indian restaurant in the west part of town and in the moderate price range.
What is the phone number?|01223 727410
Thank you good bye.|Thank you for using this system. Goodbye.
Thank you . Good bye|thank you
I am looking for a place to eat. I want to eat modern european food in the expensive price range please.|We have just the place. Darrys Cookhouse and Wine Shop serves this type of food in the centre and is within the expensive range.
That sounds great! Could you give me the address?|Of course, the address is 40270 King Street City Centre. Would you like me to try and book you a reservation?
Not now, but I do need a train to cambridge that leaves after 19:45.|I would be happy to look that up. Where would you like to depart from?
I want to depart from stevenage on wednesday please.|I found 10 trains, do you have a particular time you'd like to go?
The only time specification is that the train leaves Stevenage after 19:45.|I have the TR4015 that leaves at 19:54. Will that work?
Yes, that will work. Can you please book 4 tickets for that train. And can I get the reference number please.|Booking was successful for TR4015, the total fee is 51.2 GBP payable at the station. Your reference number is : JZCOHGH8. Can I help with anything else?
No thank you. That was all the information that i needed, i appreciate everything you have done for me.|Thank you for using our system!
I am looking for a place to eat that's expensive and serves Belgian food.|I'm sorry, we don't have any Belgian restaurants. Would you like to try a different type?
How about somewhere expensive in the centre?|no such restraunts too
How about a gastropub restaurant?|I have two, the backstreet bistro and the slug and lettuce. Do you have a preference between the two?
Can you book a table at the Bistro for me? 4 people at 13:30 on Sunday, please.|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Reference number is : NSLKEI1G.
Thanks! I also need a train from Cambridge to Ely, please.|what time will you be departing?
I want to leave after 10:30 on Monday.|The TR8089 meets your criteria. Would you like to book tickets?
Yes, what time do I need to be at the station?|I should be asking you what time you need to be at the station.
I just need the arrival time and price.|The arrival time for train TR8089 is 12:07, and it will cost only 4.40 pounds. Is there anything else I can help with?
That was everything. Thanks very much!|You're welcome, have a good day.
I am traveling to Cambridge and would like to find a local restaurant. I want to arrive by train at noon.|Hi there, let's start with the train arrival, where would you be travelling from?
I am looking for a train that will depart from Norwich on Sunday|There are trains every hour on the :16 that will get you there by noon, beginning at 5:16. Which would you prefer?
How about 7:16? What is the price?|TR4202 is the one that leaves at 7:16 and it costs 14.08 pounds per ticket. Would you like me to book it for you?
Yes that would be great. I am also looking for a place to dine for the night. Do you have any suggestions?|My recommendation would be the Ugly Duckling, a Chinese restaurant in the centre of town. It is located at 12 St. Johns Street City Centre.
Is the restaurant moderately priced? If so, please book a table for 5 at 18:00 and send me the reference number.|No, I'm sorry the ugly duckling is in the expensive price range. The copper kettle serves british food and is moderately priced. Would you like a reservation for it?
The copper kettle will be fine.  Yes please book a reservation.|Sure thing! Your table is reserved. Your reference number is OY2LNXFW. Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
No, that will be all. Thanks!|Goodbye and have a good day.
I'm looking for a restaurant called little seoul?|yes great spot. Would you like for me to book ?
Can you book it for me for 7 people at 11:15 on Saturday and get a reference number ?|Your booking has been successfully made. The reference number is K87KE3LM. Enjoy your meal!
Thank you! I'm also looking for information on a hotel called Huntington Marriott Hotel please.|it is a 4 star hotel located in the west. do you need me to book for you?
Yes i need it booked for our group for 3 nights.|What day will you be coming in and how many in your party?
We'll be coming in on Saturday and will be staying for three nights.|Booking was successful.
Reference number is : 8N94VO8J
That is all I need. Goodbye.|Have a great trip!
Can you help me find a nice Asian restaurant to dine at in Cambridge?|I have several Asian Oriental places. Most are in the center, but there's one on the north side. Do you have an area in mind?
yes. it should be inthe centre and preferably expensive|Kymmoy is just what you are looking for at 52 Mill Road City.  Do you need me to book a table for you?
Yes please, 6 guests at 18:00 on Wednesday.|Your table is reserved at Kymmoy for Wednesday at 18:00. Your reference is CDHR89U2. Is there anything else I can do for you today?
no thaks for helping|Well, thank you for calling!  You have a great day!
I'm most grateful. Oops! One more request! A hotel with free parking in the same price range as the restaurant.|I have 5 hotels that meet your criteria. What area are you wanting to stay in?
Area doesn't matter as long as it is a hotel type with parking and expensive|I am showing 5 options here. I personally recommend gonville hotel. Shall I book it for you?
Hello, is Panahar still serving lunch specials?|The panahar is open for lunch, to find out about their specials I would suggest calling them at 01223355012. Anything else today?
Yes can you help me book a hotel?|Yes what area or price range are you looking for?
I'm sorry. I don't need a hotel. I do need to make a reservation for a table at Panahar for Wednesday afternoon. Can you help me with that?|Yes, I'd be happy to help. So for Wednesday, how many people for the reservation and what time would you like?
I will need it for four people please.|Okay and what time would you like your reservation to be?
13:30, Wednesday, 7 people.|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : V6IX8TF3. Anything else I may assist you with?
Yes, I'm also looking for a place to stay. It should be a 2 star hotel with free wifi and parking.|i dont happen to have anything that meets your criteria. can i try something different for you?
Really? There are no 2 star hotels with wifi/parking in all of cambridge?|I have found 3 hotels matching your criteria. Two are in the North and one is in the East. Which area do you prefer?
east is find and I would need the postcode, and price range|It is called express by holiday inn cambridge, itis in 15-17 norman way, coldhams business park post cde is cb13lh
And what is the price range? Is it relatively cheap or pricey?|The price range is expensive.
I think I will hold off on booking for now.  Thanks for everything, that's all I need for today.|Let me know if I can help more.
I am looking for a restaurant in the center that serves asian oriental food.|There are 4 Asian restaurants in the centre. What price range are you looking for?
I'm looking for moderately priced restaurants.|Sure, how about dojo noodle bar?
That sounds good. Can I get a table for 6 on Thursday at 20:00?|You're reference number is W3BAE5PR. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Thanks. I need a train for the same day but it needs to arrive by 09:30.|Sure. Where are you departing from and where do you need to go?
The train should depart from london kings cross and should go to cambridge|There are 2 the latest train arrives at 08:08 will that be ok?
That works. Can you tell me the train ID, price, and travel time for that train arriving at 8:08?|The train ID is TR4016. Each ticket costs 23.60 pounds each. And the travel time is 51 minutes. Can I book you any tickets?
No, I'm sure I'll be able to just deal with it at the station. Thanks for everything!|You're welcome, have a nice day.
I'm looking for a place to stay that has free wifi and parking.|There are numerous hotels that match this criteria available. Do you have a specific area you'd like to stay, or a price range in mind?
No particular area but I need it to be cheap.|I found cheap guesthouses, is guesthouse what you are looking for?
I'd prefer a hotel, rather than a guesthouse.|There's one.  The Cambridge Belgry in the west.  It has a four star rating.  Should I book it for you?
Yes please book it for 3 people for 2 nights starting monday|I am sorry but it is not available for those times. Would you like to find another hotel?
How about booking it for 1 night instead.|I was able to book a reservation for 3 people for 1 night starting Monday, reference number D8UYVAY8.  Is there anything else you need assistance with?
Yes I need a chinese place in the cheap range|There are 4 in the price range you asked for: Charlie Chan, Rice House, The Lucky Star and the Golden house. Would you like more information on one of these ?
Can you reserve me a table that the Lucky Star on Monday for 3 people at 13:15?|The booking was successful. Your reference number is 96VNO1G8.
Alright, that's all I need today, thanks!|Okay, have a great day!
I want to find an expensive restaurant in the north part of town.|There are 5 available restaurants. What food would you like?
The restaurant should serve chinese food.|There are two options for your preferences: Hakka on Milton Road in Chesterton and The Hotpot at 66 Chesterton Road in Chesterton.
Yes thank you, I would like to make reservations at The Hotspot at 66 for 4 people at 13:30 this Tuesday.|I could not get a table at the hotspot. I was able to reserve one for hakka however. Your reference number is PBSTNZCL.
Thank you that is all I need, bye.|Thank you and enjoy your meal. Have a great day.
I'm looking for a cheap guesthouse.|I found nine cheap guesthouses.  Would you like to book at the Allenbell?  It has 4 stars and is in the east side.
Do you have anything on the North side?|There are two options on the North side, City Centre North B and B or Worth House. Would you like more information about either of those establishments?
I'd like to book Worth House for 2 people starting Sunday for 4 nights. Can I get the reference number please?|I was able to book the Worth House for you for 2 guests for a total of 4 nights. Your reference number is ZB2FS6W4.
Thanks so much, I appreciate the help.|You are certainly welcome. Is there anything else I can do for you today?
I'm also looking for an Indian restauarnt in the same area as the guesthouse.|There are two Indian restaurants in the North, The Nirala, which has a moderate pricerange, and Royal Spice, which has a cheap pricerange. Which would you like to book?
Actually can I just have the phone number and address to The Nirala please?|The Nirala is located at 7 Milton Road Chesterton and it's phone number is 01223360966.
Thanks.  I will also need a taxi to take us back and forth to the restaurant at 17:45.  Can I get the car type and contact number?|I have booked you a blue volkswagen from worth house to the nirala at 17:45. The contact number is 	07301287073
Thank you for your help. That's all I need today!|You're welcome, goodbye!
I am looking for a restaurant in the west part of town and is in the moderate price range.|Do you have a preference on the type of food?
I don't have a preference.|Prezzo is an italian restaurant in the area of west in the moderate price range.
What is the address?|prezzo is located at 21-24 northampton road. Do you want the phone number?
No, thank you.  That is all I wanted to know.  Good bye.|Thank you for using the system. Good bye.
I'm looking for a steakhouse restaurant in the east part of town.|What price range would you like?
Any price range will be fine.|I have no steakhouse in the east area, but The River Bar Steakhouse and Grill is located in the centre area.
I really need something in the east part of town. How about Indian food?|Curry Prince is a moderately priced restaurant in the east of town that serves Indian food.
Sounds great, what is their address and phone number?|Curry Prince is located at 451 Newmarket Road Fen Ditton; their phone number is 01223566388.
Thank you, goodbye.|Thank you, goodbye.
Where can I find a Vietnamese restaurant in West Cambridge?|There is one vietnamese restuarant in the west area, thanh binh. Can I book a table for you, if so how many will be dining?
Yes, please. I need a table for 8 on Thursday at 17:00.|It looks like that day and time are full. Is there another day or time slot you would like to try?
How about a table for 8 on Thurday at 16:00|I was able to book the table for your party of eight at 16:00. The reference number is RLTOT7X2. Can I help you with anything else?
Yeah, I need a place to go. I want to go to the museum and it should be in the west area.|There is a Museum of classical archaeology on sidgwick avenue for free, and a Cambridge and Country Folk Museum located at 2-3 castle street for 3.50 pounds.There are also several free galleries in the area. Can I give you more information on any of these?
Just the postcode for the Cambridge and Country Folk Museum, please.|The postcode is at cb30aq
Thank you. I also need a taxi to get between the restaurant and the museum.|Is there a specific time you would like the taxi to arrive at the restaurant or museum?
By 16:00 and I need the contact number and car type please.|I have successfully booked your taxi. You will be riding in a blue BMW. The company's contact phone number is 07883192583. Would there be anything else I could help with?
I want to make sure that it will arrive by 16:00. Can you please confirm?|I believe that will be the case. Anything else I can help you with?
No that will be all I need, thanks.|You're welcome! Have a nice day. Goodbye.
We want to find a restaurant that serves unusual food.|Do you have a particular type of food you'd like to try?
No, just please make sure the food's unusual, located in the north and expensive.|Saigon city serves Asian oriental in the north part of town.
That's pretty offensive to call Asian oriental unusual. I'm looking for a restaurant that serves food labelled as unusual.|I have no restaurants that list there food as unusual, do you have any other preferences?
Ok, how about Chinese food? Still expensive and in the north please.|yes, there's a place called the hotpot
Let me have a reservation at Hotpot on Friday, thank you.|Ok, how many people and what time?
7 people at 19:45 on friday.|I was able to make a booking for the hotpot. You reservation number is 55CAP7FC.
Awesome. Now can you tell me if there is a swimming pool nearby the restaurant? I love to swim after egg rolls!|There are two in the north; Jesus Green Outdoor Pool and Kings Hedges Learner Pool.  Would you like the location of either of those?
Can you pick the best swimming pool and get me the postcode and phone number please?|I'm going to recommend the kings hedges learner pool located at jedburgh court, kings hedges the post code is cb42xh. The phone number is 01223353248.
I also need to book a taxi between the hotel and restaurant. I need to arrive by 19:45.|What time do you need to leave by?
I just need it to arrive by the time the restaurant was booked.|How many people are traveling?
7 people for the taxi.|Ok, you are booked for a 19:45 arrival time, the taxi is a white audi. Is there anything else?
Can I get the contact number for the taxi as well, please?|Contact number is 07625009528 Can I help you with anything else?
No thank you.|Have a nice day.
I have a business luncheon this week and need a place to host, preferably in the centre of the city.|There are plenty of hotels and guesthouses that would do the trick in that area. Do you have a price range?
I'd like it to be expensive.|I've found 2 hotels that fit your criteria. One is called Gonville Hotel and the other is University Arms Hotel.
Excellent.  Can I get the phone number for the Gonville Hotel?|Sure thing. Their phone number is 	01223366611 . Is there anything else I can help you with?
I am looking for a restaurant that is in the centre of city and is expensive. Can you help me with that?|I sure can.  If there is a specific type of food you are interested in that would help to narrow down the possibilities.
I don't really care. It's for a business meeting so just need to make sure it's expensive so it's nice.|The Cambridge Chop House would be my recommendation, would you like me to book it for you?
Yes, I also need the reference number.|First I'll need to know how many are in your party, and what day and time you'd like?
There are 4 people. I would like it to be on Monday and arrive by 15:15.|I was able to book your table. Your reference number is FFFW4HLE.
Great, I am also looking for an expensive range guesthouse in the same area.|No, we don't have any guesthouses that are expensive.
I need a guesthouse that is in the same area as the restaurant, centre, and has free parking, too.|I am sorry we have no guesthouse hotels in the centre of town. Would you prefer another location?
I needed it to be in that side. anyway thanks for your help|Are you sure you would not prefer another side of town?
Are there any hotels like that in that area?|We have two guesthouses in centre that are on the cheap side. The alexander bed and breakfast has a 4 star rating. Would you like that one?
Yes please just book that hotel for me.|What day would you be arriving at the guesthouse?
I get into town Monday. Is the guesthouse expensive?|It is priced cheap. Would you like a different price range?
No the price range is fine. Just make sure it is in the same area as the restaurant.|Great, how many people do you want to book at Guesthouse and for how many days?
Sorry, I actually want an expensive hotel with parking in that same area|There is one option. It is the university arms hotel.
Okay, I want a reservation for 4 people starting monday, for 3 nights total|You are booked. Your reference number is PWFVG1HP
Thanks. Now I will be needing a taxi please. I want to depart from the hotel|What time do you want to leave or arrive by and what is your destination
I want to leave at 15:15 and go to the cambridge chop house|Booking completed! Booked red lexus and their contact number is 07732008521.
Thanks so much!|Is there anything else I can do for you?
No that is all I needed. Thanks!|You're welcome! Have a good day!
Can you help me find a restaurant that serves sri lankan food that is moderately priced?|I'm sorry, but there are no Sri Lankan restaurants anywhere in Cambridge. Would you like to try a different cuisine?
Are you sure? I really thought there were some there.|Yes, I have doubled checked and there are no sri lankan restaurants anywhere in Cambridge.
Okay, how about one that serves British food?|There are 4 British restaurants in the centre area of town and one in the west. Which area would you prefer?
Could you recommend one? I will be needing a table for 1 at 14:30 on Thursday.|What price range would you like?
moderate price, please.|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Reference number is : 3NX7QMU8.
I also need to find a college in the town centre to visit. If you can provide me with the name and post code, that would be great.|Sorry, I forgot to say that your booking is at Restaurant One Seven. Emmanuel College is in post code cb23ap. Would you like to hear about some of the others, too?
Yes, please let me know about some of the others.|There's Christ College postcode cb23bu, Corpus Christi postcode cb21rh, and downing college at postcode cb21dq. Is there anything else I can help you with?
You have covered everything.  Thank you.|Have a great day and trip! Good bye.
I'm looking for a restaurant called ask. Do you know of it?|It is a cheap Italian restaurant in the Centre of town at 12 Bridge Street. Would you like to book a reservation?
Yes, we would like a reservation there for Thursday.|And at what time would you like to arrive?
16:15 for 4 people, I am also needing a hotel with a 2 star rating and in the expensive price range.|OK, I was able to make that reservation for you. Also, the Express by Holiday Inn Cambridge should fit your lodging needs.
I think you forgot to give me the reference number for my dinner reservation? Does the hotel have free wifi and free parking?|sorry about that, yes it has free parking and internet
I would like to book it for 5 nights for 4 people from Saturday please. I will need my reference number.|Your reference number is 9WCO5NO5, can I assist with anything else?
I also need a taxi to commute from the hotel to the restaurant.|I have a black Volkswagen picking you up.  Your contact number is: 07517630654.
Great thanks! I need to get to work, so thanks again. Goodbye.|your welcome, have a nice day!
I'm looking for a place called hakka.|Hakka is a chinese restaurant on the north side of town. Would you like to make a booking?
What is the price range there, I can spend too much just eating.|It is an expensive restaurant. I have many options for Chinese food in town at every price point, though, if that's an issue.
That's no problem.  I also was interested in finding a train though.|Where are you traveling to and from?
I am leaving from Cambridge and headed to a wedding in Broxbourne.|no train are available for the destination
Can you please check again? From Cambridge to Broxbourne, Wednesday after 8:30.|Sure the TR3279 leaves at 9:01.
Can you book 2 tickets for me please?|I booked it. It'll cost 35.79 GBP and your reference number is CV0BT9K3.
Great that was all I needed today.|I'm glad we could help. Please contact us again if you need any additional assistance.
Im up north, whats the address for a mediterranean place around here?|What price range would you like?
I do not care about the price range.|There are no Mediterranean location in the north part of town. However there is an International place call the Bloomsbury restaurant.
What about mediterranean in any part of town?|There are three Mediterranean restaurants in the centre of town. Would you prefer an expensive or a cheap restaurant?
Price doesn't matter, I would like the address, phone number and the postcode please|La mimosa serves Mediterranean food. Their phone number is 01223 362525, their address is Thompsons Lane Fen Ditton and their postcode is C.B 5, 8 A.Q.
That sounds good. Thank you.|you're welcome. Good bye
I need a place in the centre that serves african food.|Bedouin is an african restaurant in the centre. Phone # is 01223367660 and it's located on 100 Mill Road City Centre. Would you like me to make a reservation?
What is the price range?|It is classified as an expensive place to eat.  Would you like to book a table?
No thanks what is their postcode though?|The post code is: cb12bd Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
Yes, I am also looking for a museum in the same area as the restaurant.|Of course! I'd suggest Primavera. It's a wonderful museum in the centre, and it has free admission. Would you like more information?
Thanks for the good suggestion. What is the postcode for Primavera?|The post code is cb21sj and the address is 10 king s parade. Their phone number is 01223357708. May I help you with anything else?
No, that's everything I needed.|Have a swell day.
Do you know of any cheap indian restaurants?|There are 4 to choose from.  Would you prefer the centre or north?
I would like it to ideally be in the center.|I have the kohinoor, the gandhi, or mahal of cambridge. Would you like me to book one for you?
Yes, could I have a table for 1 please?|sure, first let's figure out which restaurant you would like. kohinoor, the gandhi, or mahal of cambridge?
let's try the gandhi.|What day and time will you be coming in?
I will need a table on wednesday at 18:15.|i will book you up, welcome
I need the reference number for the booking. Also can you help me find a train going to Cambridge Wednesday?|I have booked a table for 1 at The Gandhi. Your reference number is  WJBOROQR. Can you give me more information about the train you need?
I need a train on Wednesday from stevanage to cambridge.  It needs to arrive by 10:45.|The TR4626 could get you there by 10:43, does that work for you?
Absolutely! What is the travel time?|Travel time is 49 minutes.
Would you like me to book it for you ?|I believe I am to book that for you, shall I book it?
No, thank you. I need to check some other things before I book.|Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
No that is all for now.|There are two other trains that arrive earlier that day if you are interested.  Would you like that information as well?
No thank you that will be all.|Thank you for using ours services. Have we met all of your needs today?
Yes thank you. That is all I need.|thank you for using this service
Yes, I need a train departing from kings lynn.|What time will you be departing and where will you be departing from?
I'm leaving from kings lynn on sunday after 14:30 and arrive at cambridge.|TR5331 leaves Kings Lynn at 15:11 on Friday and arrives in Cambridge at 15:58.  Will this train work for you?
No.  The train should leave on Sunday as I said.|I have the TR2965 leaving kings lynn sunday at 15:11. Would you like me to book that for you?
Yes please.  I need 7 seats.|I have booked your seats,here is the information:Booking was successful, the total fee is 54.88 GBP payable at the station .
Reference number is : 5C3SFLV2.
I also need a cheap place to eat in the center of town.|There are several listings. Do you have a food preference?
No.  Could you pick something you like for me?|I would recommend the river bar steakhouse and grill, a modern european joint at Quayside Off Bridge Street. Would you like to make a reservation?
Can you get me a table for 7? My group will probably head there at 17:00 on the same day.|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : 9ATX95AG.
That is perfect. That is all I need today.|Okay, have a wonderful visit in cambridge!
I am looking for a restaurant in the cheap price range that serves Italian food.|There are five restaurants in the cheap price range that serve Italian food. What area are you looking for?
I don't care which area.|ask serves italian food and is in the cheap price range.  Would you like their location?
Yes please, I would like their address.|Ask is located at 12 Bridge street city centre. Their telephone number is 01223 364917.
Thank you, goodbye.|Have a good day!  Goodbye.
Could you find me a welsh restaurant in the cheap price range ?|Therea are no Welsh restaurants listed.
How about italian type of food?|In which area would you like to look?
Any area will be fine.|Da vinci pizzeria serves Italian food in the cheap price range and it is in the North part of town.
What is their address and phone number?|da vinci pizzeria is located at 20 milton road chesterton and the phone number is 01223 351707.
OK thank you for your help!|thank you goodbye
I want a restaurant that is moderately priced and located in the south.|Pizza Hut Cherry Hinton is in the south part of town and in the moderate price range.
Are there any other restaurants I can choose from?|Restaurant Alimentum is also located in the south part of town and is in the moderate price range.
Can I have the address, phone number, and type of food served by Restaurant Alimentum?|They serve modern European food and are located at 152 - 154 Hills Road.  Their number is 01223 413000.
Thank you|You are very welcome. Good bye.
I need to find a train that departs from Cambridge and arrives by 9:15. Can you help?|What is your destination?
I'm traveling to Ely.|We can definitely help you with that, I just need to know the day you will be traveling.
For today, arriving by 21:15.|I'm sorry, I need to know the day you will be traveling.
I am departing on Sunday.|I have a train on Sunday that arrives at 20:07. Would that do?
That's perfect.  Could you book it for 8 people?|Booking was successful, the total fee is 28.16 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : LZLSJZ1K. Anything else I can help with?
Thank you! Will you please find me an expensive restaurant in the Centre part of town?|Would you like me to book it for you ?
no booking yet for the restaurant.  I want to eat at a restaurant that serves thai food.  Do you have any?|Bangkok City serves Thai food, and is in the centre part of town. Would you like me to book it for you?
Yes please, for 8 people at 11:00 on Sunday.|What day would you like to book the table for?
I just told you! sunday! Now please go on and book and send me the reference number|It seems that I can not reserve that at the moment. Would you like me to try a different restaurant?
How about at 10:00 instead?|I will book your reservation for 10:00 on Sunday.
OK, please do that and get me the reference number.|Booked! The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Reference number: SDY23J83.
That's all I need. Thanks for your help tonight.|Have a great night.
I am traveling to Cambridge and looking forward to try local restaurants.|Is there a certain type of cuisine or part of town you're looking for? There are 22 restaurants to choose from.
Yeah. I'd like a moderately priced tuscan food restaurant.|I'm sorry there's no matching results.
Okay, can we try modern European food instead, please?|How about Galleria at 33 Bridge Street in the town centre.  Great food.
Great can you book that for 4 people at 17:45 on sunday?|Yes sure. I have a reference number for you and it is 33TISTQB.
Thanks so much. Can you help me find a train?|We have 5 different train times for you all on Friday. What time would you like to leave?
anytime after 17:00 on thursday going to london kings cross|Just so I can narrow down the results and get you exactly what you need, what's your departure station?
I am departing from cambridge and want to arrive in london kings cross.|Om I have train id TR1791 that fits your needs. Shall I book it ?
yes book it for 4 people|Train TR1791 will leave at 17:00 on Thursday. It will cost 94.4GBP. Your reference number is HN91KJWK. Have your luggage ready, thank you!
Thank, that is everything i need, you were so helpful.|Thank you! Have a great day!
I'm trying to find a moderately priced restaurant in the north part of town.|the nirala is a moderately priced restaurant in the north part of town.
Is there anything else?  If so, please give the address and the phone number.|The golden wok is also a moderately priced restaurant in the north part of town, they are located at 191 Histon Road Chesterton and their phone number is 01223 350688. How else may I assist you?
Nothing else. thank you . good bye|You're welcome. Good bye.
I'm looking for a moderately priced Japanese restaurant.|I'm sorry, but there is no restaurant serving Japanese food and in the moderate price range. Would you like to try another type of food or a different price range?
How about modern european food?|There are 3 restaurants serving modern European food and in the moderate price range. Would you like the south or centre part of town?
I do not have a preference, please make a suggestion.|de luca cucina and bar serves modern european food and is in the moderate price range.  Their phone number is 01223 356666 and they are located at 83 Regent Street
Thank you. Goodbye.|You're welcome. Thank you for using the system.
What cheap restaurants are there in the west of Cambridge?|There are two selections which fit your specifications. Did you have a specific cuisine type in mind?
No, nothing specific.|Ok, there is an Italian restaurant and a Vietnamese restaurant, would you like to book a reservation with one of these?
I'd like to book a table for 5 on Monday at 15:45, so if one of them can fit us in at that time I'd like to book it.|Unfortunately there are no tables available at that time. Would you like to try a different time slot?
How about 14:45?|Booking was successful at thanh binh. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Reference number is : 3MQZO5NU.
Thanks so much. I will also need a train leaving Cambridge on Tuesday going to London Liverpool Street no later than 16:30.|The closest train to your departure time is the 15:59 out of cambridge, arriving london liverpool at 17:27. Would you like to book tickets on that train?
Yes I'd like to book 5 tickets. And can I get the reference number?|Your booking was successful. Your reference number is M0DKTWYA. Is there anything else I can help you with?
That is everything I needed. Thank you!|We are glad to be of help. Enjoy your trip and have a wonderful day.
Hello, I am looking for a cheap restaurant that serves Eritrean food.|There is not a restaurant serving Eritrean food listed. Would you like something else?
Yes, are there any restaurants that serve italian food?|There are five cheap restaurants that serve Italian food. What area would you like to search?
I do not have a preference.|Ask is a cheap Italian restaurant located in the Centre part of town.
I need their address and phone number please|The phone number for Ask is 01223 364917, and they are located at 12 Bridge Street City Centre.
Great! Thank you!|You're welcome. Have a nice day!
I'm looking for a place to eat in the east side of the city.|The Curry Prince is on the east side of town.
Do they serve chinese food?|No they do not serve Chinese food, however the Yu Garden does and is in the east side.
What is the address?|Yu Garden's address is 529 Newmarket Road Fen Ditton. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Yes, what is the price range?|Yu Garden is in the expensive price range. Do you want the address and phone number?
I already got the address, thank you.  That is all I needed.  Good bye.|thank you, goodbye.
I would like to find a hotel in the north that has free wifi. What are your suggestions?|What price range are you interested in ?
It doesn't really matter, but I would like free parking.|Is there a certain star rating you would like it to have?
Yes, I really like 4 star hotels.  If you find one, I'd like to book a room.|I have 7 available guesthouses in the north.  I would suggest Home from Home it is a great guesthouse.  Would you like me to book a room for you?
I prefer a hotel, not a guesthouse.  I need a 4 star hotel with free parking and wifi in the north.|I am sorry there are no hotels that are available. Would you consider a guesthouse or a different area?
No and no. I want a 4 star hotel on the north side with free wifi and parking.|Sorry, I'm not finding anything.
Can we try another search I really need a place to stay it can be a guesthouse or hotel.|Okay, I have 7 options for guesthouses in the North. 6 of them are in the moderate price range and one is is cheap. Which are you looking for?
Okay, I need a guesthouse with free parking, and 4 stars. Price doesn't matter, you can pick one.|There are 7 guesthouses in the north matching your description. I recommend acorn guest house.
Does it also have free wifi?|Yes it has free wifi.
Can you book it for me?|Yes, how may people and how long will your stay be?
I'd like to to book it for 1 people and 5 nights starting from tuesday.|I've booked a single occupancy room at Acorn Guest House for five nights beginning Tuesday. Your reference number is 4KJSRRGA. Can I help you with anything else today?
I'm looking for a North Indian restaurant that's near the guesthouse. Can you find one?|Sorry no north indian restaurants in the north.
Can we find one that serves Italian food instead then?|da vince pizzeria is the one option in the north, it has cheap pricing, would you like more info or a booking?
Yes that would be great, can you book that please?|how many should i book for and how many day?
I need it for 18:15 for one person on a Tuesday.|A table for 1 has been booked for Tuesday at 18:15 at Da Vinci Pizzeria. Your confirmation number is BSJDIVC3.
Thanks so much.  That is all I need.  Have a great day.  Bye.|Thank you for contacting us and have a nice day.
I am looking for a restaurant in the moderate price range in the centre of town.|There are many moderately priced restaurants that meet your criteria, what type of food are you looking for?
I would like it to serve food from the americas.|Unfortunately I could not find any restaurants serving food from the Amercias in the moderate price range.
How about european food?|There are 2. Did you want me to book one of them?
What are the names?|'Hotel du vin and bistro' and 'galleria'
I would like to book a table for three on Friday, at 16:00.|Certainly, can I book your table at hotel du vin and bistro or would you prefer a table at galleria?
I need to book a table for 3 people at 16:00 on friday at galleria|Your table has been booked and is reserved for 15 minutes, reference number is M32YYIJN.  Can I help you with anything else?
I'm also looking for a hotel called hamilton lodge.|I have the information pulled up. What would you like to know about it?
Do they offer free parking? And can I get the phone number for them please.|Yes, there is free parking at Hamilton Lodge. The phone number is 01223365664.
Is it possible to arrange a taxi to take me from the hotel to the restaurant by 16:00?|i have booked you a taxi, red tesla, phone number is 718 850 4433.
Thank you that's all that I needed|Thank you have a great day.
I'm taking a trip in cambridge and need a place to stay. I would like a 4 star in the moderate price range.|I have several guesthouse options for you.  What area of town are you interested in staying?
I don't have an area preference, but I would like to have free WiFi.|I would suggest a and b guest house would you like the info?
Yes, can you give me that information.|The address is 124 tenison road and the phone number is 01223315702.
Sounds great.  That is a guest house correct?  What part of town?|Yes, it is a guest house located in the east area.
Thank you for the info. If you could also help me get info for a restaurant named Sala Thong, I'd be grateful!|The address is 35 Newnham Road Newnham
Can you book Sala Thong? 7 people at 18:30 on tuesday|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Reference number is : BVU67RNQ.  Is there anything else?
Great, no thank you. I appreciate all your help today, have a good day!|You are very welcome. It was a pleasure assisting you. Good-bye.
Find me a moderately priced place to dine in the west.|I have 3 options for you - British, Indian, and Italian. Do you have a preference?
How about the British place, I would like to book for 7 people at 13:15 on sunday|Ok.  I have a table for 7 booked at saint johns chop house. Your reference number is XPKRJXC3.  They will hold the table for 15 minutes.
Excellent, thank you so much.|Is there anythign else I can help you with today?
I also need a train to cambridge on sunday|You have a lot of options. Would you like to narrow it down by departure site, departure time, or arrival time?
actually, i'm so stupid. i need a train FROM cambridge. i'm going to broxbourne.|No problem, there are lots of options.  Did you have a time to leave in mind?
I am leaving anytime after 11:30 from cambridge to broxbourne, what is the arrival time?|TR2939 would have an arrival time of 13:01. Would you like to book this train?
No thanks, I just wanted to know the arrival time.|Is there anything else?
No, You have helped with everything I needed.  Thanks so much for your time.  Bye.|Have a great trip.
I am looking for an attraction of architecture.|All Saints Church has wonderful architectural interest.  It is in the city centre.  How does that sound?
Pretty good.  Can you give me an address and postcode please?|Absolutely. They are located on Jesus Lane. Their postcode is cb58bs. Is there anything else I can answer for you?
Please, also look for a restaurant in the north in the expensive price range.|We have five expensive restaurants in the north. Is there a type of cuisine you'd prefer?
No, I would just need a reservation for 3 at 13:00 on Wednesday.|i got you a reservation for city stop restaurant.The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Reference number is : 9WNT50DL.
Thank you, that will be all.|You are welcome. enjoy your stay and call us if you need anything else.
I am looking for a place to stay.  Do you have any recommendations?|We have many great places in town. Do you have a price range or area in mind?
I would like free parking, if available.  Everything else is not really an issue.|Allenbell is a guesthouse in the east, and despite it being in the cheap price range has a 4 star rating. Would you like a reservation?
No thanks, just gathering information for now.|anything else i can help you with?
I'm sorry, I was just told I should go ahead and make the reservation. Do you have a hotel that has the same 4 star rating but in the north?|I think you would love the Avalon. Would you like me to book it?
Yes, book it for 6 people for three nights, starting on Wednesday!|Booking was successful.
Reference number is : 43FLT7MR.
I need a restaurant in the same area as the hotel. What do you recommend?|There are 9 restaurants in the north. I recommend hakka.
Is that is the mid price range?|Its in the expensive range. Do you want me to search for something else?
That is all that I need.|You are all set then, have a wonderful day.
I am looking for a train that leaves after 18:45 and goes to Leicester.|We have some options available after that time, what day will you need the train?
I need it to leave on Sunday from Cambridge.|Train TR9831 leaves at 19:21. would that be okay?
That would be fine. Can you book that for 6 people and give me the reference number?|I was able to book it, reference number is OYBQSBZJ.
Thank you. I also need a place to dine in the Centre area that serves Asian Oriental food.|There are 4, all in centre city. Is there a particular price range you'd like?
No, could you please tell me the price range and postcode for all 4 in the Centre area?|Sure!  Dojo noodle bar, cb21rq.  Yippee noodle bar is cb11lh.  J restaurant is cb21dp and kymmoy is cb12as.  Anything else?
That's all I need. Thank you.|Glad I could be of help. Have a nice night. Goodbye.
I want somewhere fun to go in the south of town.|Ok, there is cineworld cinema or 7 other places I can tell you about.
May I please have the phone n umber, postcode, and address for the cinema.|They are located at cambridge leisure park, clifton way, postal code is cb17dy, I have no information on entrance fee, to find that out call them at 00872208000
Can you help me find a restaurant as well?|There are many restaurants to choose from, do you have any preferences?
I'd like it to be expensive and to serve modern European food.|Okay, how about darrys cookhouse and wine shop in the centre of town?
That sounds good and that is all the information I need today.|Ok, great. Have a wonderful day!
Please I need a place to Stay in Cambridge and I have the express by holiday inn Cambridge in mind. Can you help book that for me?|I can help with that.  When would you like to stay?
I am not sure. Would you happen to be able to tell me the price range?|That hotel is considered to be on the more expensive side.
I also need a restaurant in the  center of town that serves chinese food|What price range were you considering? There are 10 Chinese restaurants in that area.
Price doesn't matter to me. Do you have any recommendations?|I do! I'd recommend the Ugly Duckling. Would you like to book a table?
Yes, please book a table for 4 people at 12:15 on tuesday.|All srt, the reference number is GCSU8UZP  Can I assist with anything else?
I also need a taxi to commute between the two places.|I need a few more specifics before I can book that taxi for you.
I want a taxi between the hotel and Ugly Duckling in time for my booking.|we have booked white bmw and the contact is 07951264256
That is all I will need. Thank you.|You're welcome, have a great day!
I am looking for a restaurant that is expensive and in the west|There are 9 matching restaurants. What food would you like?
I would really like to try some British food please.|I have 2 matching restaurants.  Would you like more details on them?
No, if you could just book me into one for saturday, that would be great.|Ok, how many people and what is the time preference?
I need if for four, 13:30, Saturday.|Sure, you're booked at Travellers Rest with reference number A5LK844G. May I help with anything else?
Okay great no that will be it.|Okay. Glad I could be of help. Please call again.
Good Morning, Can you help me locate a moderate priced restaurant in the centre part of town please?|Sure, we have many good options. What cuisine type do you prefer?
It doesn't matter.|How about The Oak Bistro? It serves British food.
Sure, may I have their address please?|The restaurant is located at 6 Lensfield Road.
Great! I think that was all I needed. Thanks. Have a nice day.|You are very welcome! Enjoy your meal!
Hello! Can you give me some info on a restaurant please?|Would love to!  What kind of food do you like?
Actually I am specifically looking for the Cocum restaurant, I would like to book for 7 people at 15:00 on monday if possible.|I have a table reserved for you and 6 other guests at the Cocum restaurant on Monday at 15:00. The reference number is BPE8LVHA.
Thank you. I'd also like a guesthouse in the cheaper price range. Can you help me with that?|there are several in the area of the restaurant. would you like to book the closest one?
As long as it has free wifi|The finches Bed and Breakfast fits your needs. When would you like to stay?
Yes that's find are the in the moderate price range?|no it is cheap. will that do for you?
Can you book it for me and get a reference number ?|Yes, I just need to know what day you're arriving, how many nights you're staying, and the number of people in your party.
The same group of people and same day for 3 nights.|I booked your restaurant table, and the reference number is CUL9VZ04. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, I am looking to book a guesthouse in the cheap price range that includes free wifi.|I was able to book you a room for seven people for three nights, starting Monday, at Finches Bed and Breakfast. Reference number is CUL9VZ04. Is there anything else?
Can you please confirm that the hotel you've booked for us offers free wi-fi? I need to be able to work while I'm there.|Yes it has free wifi. Is there anything else I can help you with?
That will be all for today.  You were a great help. Goodbye|Thank you very much.
I feel like trying Chinese today, find me a cheap place that serves it please|We have four! 3 in centre and one south.  Which area are you going to be in?
I will be in the south.|The lucky star is perfect for you. It's located at Cambridge Leisure Park Clifton Way Cherry Hinton. Do you need to book a table?
Actually, I will need a restaurant in the centre. Do you have any?|Oh yes, we have three in the city centre. How about the Golden House? It's on Lensfield Road and meets your needs.
Which one do you suggest?|The Golden House fits your needs. Would you like to book a table?
Yes 7 people for thursday at 12:15, and can I get the reference number?|I just booked that for you. Your reference number is 1G6KIGNS. Can I help you with anything else?
Yes, I'll also need a train. I'm heading to Peterborough on Friday.|I have many departures that leave for peterborough on Friday.What time would you like to leave?
I'll be departing Cambridge and would like to arrive in Peterborough by 19:15. Can you find a train that would get me there close to that time?|The last train of the day will work for you. It departs at 18:06, and arrives at 18:56. Would you like to book it?
I don't need to book right now. You've told me the departure time. I just need the travel time and the ticket price.|Okay! It's a 50-minute train ride, and it costs 16.50 Pounds. Can I help you with anything else?
No, that is all for today.  Thanks so much.  Bye.|You're welcome! Bye now!
I'm looking for a restaurant in the center that serves Turkish food|Hi, Anatolia and Efes Restaurant are two options in the centre for Turkish food. I hope you find what you're looking for!
could i have the address for the anatolia?|Sure thing, the address for the Anatolia is 30 Bridge Street City Centre.  Anything else I can help you find?
Thank you, goodbye.|thank you. good bye.
I'm looking for a restaurant that serves swiss food.|I'm sorry but there are no swiss restaurants in town. Can i offer you something else?
How about vietnamese food?|Yes thanh binh serves vietnamese food and it is in the west part of town can i help you with anything else?
could I have the address and phone number please?|thanh binh is located at 17 Magdalene Street City Centre and phone number is 01223 362456.
what is the food type of that restaurant ?|They serve vietnamese food.
what is the price range ?|They are in the cheap price range.
Thank you, goodbye.|You're wecome. Thank you for calling. Goodbye.
Hello, I'd like some information on a train departing from cambridge.|Certainly. What is your destination and what day will you be leaving?
I want to go to Leicester and want to leave on Tuesday.|There are several trains that day, do you know what time you want to leave or arrive?
I need to get there by 17:15|There is a train departing Cambridge at 15:21 and arriving in Cambridge at 17:06.  Can I book that for you?
Yeah, that sounds great.|how many tickets would you like?
1. please also get me z restaurant  called city stop restaurant.and give me phone number and postcode|Sure, the address is Cambridge City Football Club Milton Road Chesterton cb41uy.  And just to confirm, you wanted to book 1 ticket for that train?
What about the phone number?|Yes and their phone number is 01223363270.
Thanks so much for your help.|Okay, I've booked you a seat on the 15:21 train on Tuesday. The total fee is 37.79 GBP payable at the station .
Reference number is : NHFGUN35.
Great. Thanks. Can you look up a restaurant for me?|Can you book it for me and get a reference number ?
I am looking for a restaurant in the south part of town in the expensive price range. Can you help me find one?|Of course. There are 5 restaurants in the south that are expensive. 2 Chinese, 2 Indian and 1 Mexican. Do you have a preference?
Don't you have one that serves south african food?|No, I'm sorry.  Would you like me to check in another part of town?
Actually, could you see if there is an Italian one?|There is a restaurant called frankie and bennys. Would you like me to book it for you?
Yes, can you put me down for a party of 5 at 18:15 this Thursday?|Can we try another day or time slot? It appears this one is full.
Can you try to book for 17:15?|I've booked your reservation at Frankie and Bennys Thursday at 17:15 for a party of 5.  Your reference number is 6FX43AF8, your table will be held for 15 minutes.
Thank you so much for your help! We will arrive there at Frankie and Bennys ,17 :15 on Thursday. Is it close to funky fun house? We are looking for that|Funky Fun House is in the east area of town.
What kind of attraction is Funky Fun House?|I do not know the answer to that, sorry. You can call them at 01223304705 for further clarification. Again, I'm really sorry for the inconvenience.
That is fine, I will contact them.  Thank you.|Is there something else I can help you with?
Hmm, well I am really wondering what the Funky Fun House is as for as attraction type. It doesn't give any additional info on that?|It is listed as entertainment.
Should i just call them directly for more info?|Yes, again, their phone number is 01223304705.
Great, thanks. That's all I needed.|OK, have a great day.  Please contact me again if I can help you further.  Good bye.
Could you recommend an expensive restaurant in the city centre?|I show several restaurants in the City Centre. If you could perhaps indicate what type of food you would like it would narrow my search further.
It's for my friend's birthday and he really likes Thai food.|I can book a table at bangkok city for 2 when would you like the reservation?
Since I like Chinese food, could you see if any restaurants serve both Thai and Chinese food?|I apologize I do not have any listed that serve both cuisines.  Would you prefer one type of food?
Lets go with chinese food. He likes chinese just as much. Can you recommend one in the centre?|I have the ugly duckling in the centre. Would you like to make a reservation there?
Sounds good. Please make a reservation for 3 next Wednesday at 14:15.  I would like a reference number.|I cant get you a table there. How about tang chinese instead. Your reference number is SAG9PAI9. They have better food.
That is fine.  Thank you.|You're welcome! Have a great day!
Hi! I'm looking for a restaurant called Stazione Restaurant and Coffee Bar.|Sure, it's in the centre of town. Do you want to book a table there?
Please book a table for 4 people.|Sure, I can do that.  What day and time would you like me to book?
Sunday at 19:00 please.|Okay the booking was successful. Reference number is VKKM9KO1.
Thanks, I am also looking for a place to stay.|Great, I can help with that. Do you have an area and price range you want?
in the type of Guesthouse, 4 star rating in the moderate price range, and free parking, i want to book that for the same 7 people, for 2 nights Sunday please|There are 9 options here. What area would you prefer?
Is there a guesthouse in the center? It would be more convenient near the restaurant.|I don't have any guesthouses in that area meeting your requirements. Would you like me to check in a different area?
Sorry forget area, that doesnt matter. Just choose the first option out of the previous 9 you mentioned and book it with the specifications I mentioned earlier.|The Acorn Guest House meets your criteria. Should I book it for you?
Yes. I need it booked for 4 people on sunday and for 2 nights|I have booked rooms for 4 for 2 nights starting Sunday and the Acorn Guest House.  Your reference number is 7R08F7KY.  Is there anything else today?
I will also need a taxi to commute between those two places. Could you book me one.|I have booked a white lexus that will get you to the restaurant by 19:00. Phone number is 07132308667.
Thank you for putting up with me!|It's been my pleasure. Can help with something else?
No, that is all I need today. Thanks again for all your help! You've been wonderful!|I'm glad I could be of help. Please contact us again, anytime. Good bye.
am looking for a train. The train should depart from peterborough and should go to cambridge.|I'm sorry, I'm experiencing an error in my system. Could you please restate your request?
I am looking for a cheap restaurant on the north side of town.|There are two options for you. Royal spice and da vinci pizzeria. Do you have a preference?
Let's try the da vinci pizzeria. I'll need the address and phone number too, please.|da vinci pizzeria is a great choice! They are located at 20 Milton Road Chesterton, and the phone number is 01223351707
Great, thanks for all of your help!|You are welcome! Have a nice day.
I need a guesthouse in the center of the town please.|I have 2. The alexander bed and breakfast and the el shaddai. Both are in the cheap price range.
I need it to b moderately priced and include free wifi.|I'm sorry, but there are no moderately priced hotels that fit your criteria.  Would you like me to look for something moderately priced in a different part of town?
Can we try in the north instead?|We have 8 moderately priced guesthouses in the north. Might I suggest the arbury lodge guesthouse?
Alright, can you book me a room please. I want to stay on Sunday for 2 nights.|Okay, great! How many people will be staying?
It looks like we'll have a total of 5 people in our party.|I have book a room for 5 people beginning on Sunday and continuing for two nights. Your reference number is 2KMVO8NF. Can I help you find anything else?
I am  looking for a place to dine.|What kind of food are you interested in?
I would like to find Asian Oriental.|What is your price range?
It doesn't matter as long as it is near the hotel.|Saigon City is located in the north.  Would you like me to book you a table?
Yes, Sunday, 5 people for 15:30.|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Reference number is : 1H1XOCSA.
Thank you!  I would also like a taxi to get from the guesthouse to the restaurant.|Booking was completed! A grey Ford will pick you up at 15:15 in front of the guesthouse, contact number 07097490762. Can I assist with anything else?
i also want to book a taxi to commute between the two places.|Where would you like the 2nd taxi to take you?
Actually just one taxi was enough, thank you. That's all I need.|you are welcome and thank you too
have a lovely day.|And you have a lovely day as well!
Hello. I want a cheap barbeque restaurant.|There is not a restaurant matching your request.  Would you like a different restaurant?
Are there any cheap indian restaurants?|There are four listings for the provided criteria. Do you prefer the centre or south area?
I don't care.|Kohinoor is a cheap Indian restaurant in the centre of town. Would you like their address?
yes please|The address is 74 Mill Road City Centre.
Thank you, goodbye.|Thank you, goodbye.
I would like to find a very expensive indian restaurant, can you help me?|Certainly! Cambridge boasts 14 such establishments. Would you prefer a specific area of town?
No I need to find an indian restaurant, anywhere in cambridge that is expensive please. I need the area located, address and postcode please.|Curry garden is located in the centre at 106 Regent Street City Centre. It's phone number is 01223302330 and the postcode is cb21dp.
Thanks, I also need the location of kirkwood house.|Sure, its located on 172 chesterton road and the number is 01223306283
Do they have free parking?|Yes they do.
What is the star of the hotel?|The hotel is four stars.
I would like to book a train leaving Cambridge that goes to London Liverpool Street please.|There is a train which leaves every two hours between 5:59 and 13:59 that costs 16.60 pounds. The duration of the trip is 88 minutes.
I need to travel on Friday sometime after 13:45. Can you tell me whats available?|I have train TR4187 that leaves at 13:59 and arrives by 15:27 in london liverpool sreet. Would you like me to book that for you?
Great that's all the information I needed on the train.|Excellent! Can I help you with anything else today?
I also need to find a restaurant. Preferably one that serves Jamaican food. Can you find that for me?|Unfortunately there aren't any restaurants serving Jamaican food in the area, would you like to try another type of food?
What about one in the centre?|My apologies, there are none that serve Jamaican. Would you like to look for a different type of cuisine?
How about one that serves British food in the same area?|I have found several, how about this one? The Oak Bistro, price rang is moderate, phone is 01223323361, post code cb21eg, 6 Lensfield Road.
Can you please book for 4 on Friday at 10:45?|I was unable to book for that timeslot. Can you give me another timeslot to work with?
How about 9:45?|Your table is reserved. Reference number 66TP23A1.
Thank you. That's all I needed.|You are welcome.  Enjoy your stay.  Bye.
I was hoping you can help me find a place to go that has to do with architecture.|All saints church is architectural and located in the centre of town.
That would be fine. Can I get the address please?|Sure. The All Saints Church is located at jesus lane.
I also want a moderately priced Polynesian restaurant.|I am sorry but there are no moderately priced Polynesian restaurants.  Would you like a different type of food or price range?
Could you check again?|I've just double checked. Cambridge doesn't have any Polynesian restaurants at all. Can I look for something else for you?
How about chinese food?|Charlie Chan is a cheap chinese restaurant in the centre of town. Would you like more information or to book a table?
Nah, that's not necessary. I just need the postcode, please.|The post code is CB21DB for Charlie Chan's. May I assist you any further?
I also need a taxi.|Certainly! What are your departure and arrival destinations and when would you like to leave or arrive by?
I am traveling between the two places. I need to leave the restaurant by 23:15.|You're all set! Your car will be a red tesla and their contact number is 07799680227 should you need to contact them!
Thank you for all your help! That will be all for today!|You're welcome, have a great day!
I am wanting an expensive restaurant that offers African food. What is their number?|Where are you located? I see two that might work but Id like to offer the closest.
I do not care about the area of town.|Bedouin is an expensive African restaurant in the city centre.
That sounds good, what is their number so that I can ring them?|Their phone number is 01223 367660.
Great! Thank you. Good Bye.|You're welcome, goodbye.
I'm planning to visit Cambridge and would like to know the options available for upscale Chinese dining.|I have several recomendations. Would you care to try Yu Garden? It has great Chinese food, but is expensive.
I don't mind an expensive restaurant so that will be fine.  I would like to reserve a table for 3 on Sunday at 15:00.|How about yu garden? It's expensive and serves chinese food.
That should be fine. Can you get the reference number?|Unfortunately there are no reservations left at that time. Would you like to change the restaurant?
Do you have reservations for 14:00 for Yu Garden since the 15:00 is full?|For 14:00, Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : NHCRN6DS.
Thanks. I'm also looking for a guesthouse that includes free wifi and free parking.|Certainly. What area of town do you prefer?
Any part of town will be fine.|There are 21 guesthouses that offer those amenities. Do you have a preferred price range?
No, any price range is fine. Go ahead and book, and get me the postcode.|The Alexander Bed and Breakfast is cheap and in the centre. The postcode is cb12de. To book, I need to know when you'll stay and how many people.
That's all I need for now. thanks!|Great! Thanks for using Cambridge TownInfo. Goodbye!
Can you help me find a restaurant?|Are you looking for a particular style of food?
I'm actually looking for a particular restaurant recommended to me by the name of royal spice.|Yes, the Royal Spice is located on Victoria Avenue Chesterton and on the northern part of Cambridge.
May I ask what type of food does Royal Spice serve?|Sure! It is Indian food.
I'll also need the postcode and area please.|Royal Spice is located in the north area and the postcode is cb41eh.
Great, thanks. That is all I need today.|Thank you for allowing me to help you. Have a great day.
I'd really like to check out some interesting architecture while I'm in town. Can you recommend anything?|I recommend holy trinity church in the centre it's free to visit. Would you like the address and phone number?
Yes, the phone number would be fantastic! thank you!|The phone number is 01223355397. May I assist you with anything else today?
could you also tell me what area it's in?|Holy Trinity Church is in the centre area, on Market Street.
Thank you. I also need an expensive place to eat in the center, preferably one that serves African food|We only have one restaurant at the Center that meets your request. It is called bedouin at 100 Mill Road City Centre. Should i book that for you?
Yes, can you make a reservation for 2 people for Wednesday at 12:00 please. Thanks.|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Can you get me the reference number for that please?|I'm sorry for not including it, the reference number for the restaurant reservation is PVW7ZM8Y. Can I help with anything else?
No, thank you. That's really all I needed for today. I appreciate your help!|It was my pleasure. Have a nice day. Good bye.
I'm looking for a multiple sports attraction in the south. Anything available?|We have one such location.
Great, could you give me some more information about the location?|Sure. The Cherry Hinton Village Centre is a multiple sports attraction located in the East.
Do you have any that are in the south?|There are no multiple sports attractions located in the south.
Are there any nightclubs?|Yes, there is one nightclub called the place at 22 sidney street. Would you like their phone number?
Yes, please.  Is there an entrance fee?|The phone number is 01223324600 but the entry fee is not listed. It would be best to call for that information.
Thank you! Can you also find a Chinese place to eat that is on the cheap side in the same area please?|I am sorry but there are no Chinese restaurants that match your request.  Would you like try another type of food or area and price range?
How about Chinese but in the cheapish price range?|I'm sorry, but there is nothing in the cheap price range. May I try another area or another type of food?
No, I really need it in that area and I'm desperately craving Chinese food. Can you please check again and make sure you're looking in the south area?|I apologize, I do see a chinese restaurant, the lucky star. Would you like a reservation?
Wonderful, thanks.  I need a table for 6 on Friday.  We'd like to eat tat 19:30.|I could not book successfully, can i try another time?
Can you try 18:30 for me?|Your table is booked. Your reference number is KUQSVW1U. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, could get get me a taxi to get me to the restaurant by the booked time?|Where will you be departing from?
The nightclub at 22 sidney street, the place, you said it was called.|I'm sorry, I believe I have gotten confused.  I have a taxi set up for you.  Is there anything else you need?
Sorry for the confusion.  I have everything I need, you've been very helpful, thanks!|Thank you for contacting Cambridge TownInfo centre. Goodbye!
A friend told me about the bridge guest house. Do you know about it?|Yes, it has internet and located in the south. It's located at 151 hills road.
Okay, great! Will you please make a reservation for 6 people for 4 nights starting on Saturday?|I was able to book you, your Reference number is : SD4Y0S4E.  Can I assist with anything else?
Yes I am also looking for an expensive restaurant serving English food.|There are no restaurants that meet that exact criteria, but would you like to try for a different cuisine or price range?
Sure, how about an expensive Indian restaurant?|Sure. What have you got?
I asked for an expensive Indian restaurant please.|Sorry about that! There are a number of fine Indian restaurants in the city. Is there a certain part of town you'd prefer to dine in?
No, no preference on the area.|Well I have The Curry Garden in the city center.
Sounds great!  Can I get a reservation for 6 on saturday at 11:30?|I've booked your table! It will be reserved for 15 minutes, and your reference number is HBWVX9VW.
That is all.  Thank you.|Great! Enjoy your meal! Have a great day!
I'm looking for a dining establishment that serves kosher, in the center of town.|We don't have any kosher restaurants in the center of town. Would you like to search for something different?
That's a bummer. Thanks anyways|You are more then welcome.  Wish I had better news.  Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Are there any restaurants that have north american food?|yes there gourmet burger kitchen located in  the centre. can i give you their phone number?
Is it in the expensive price range?|Yes it is. Would you like any more information on it? I can book you a table if you would like.
Yes, I would like a table for 7 on Sunday. I want to eat at 18:15.|You're all booked! Your reference number is LVRG27YJ. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Yes, I'm interested in visiting the broughton house gallery.|The Broughton House Gallery is a museum in the centre, free entrance, and the address is 98 King St.  Anything else I can help you with?
do they have enough parking?|I don't have that information but there phone number is 01223314960. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Is it possible for you to get me a taxi to take me from Broughton Gallery to Gourmet Burger Kitchen by 18:15?|How many people will be riding?
There are 7 in my group.|A black volvo is booked, contact number 070960620254. Maybe we should try a bus or train or another car since there are 7 in your group. Would you like another car?
Thanks a lot, goodbye!|Thank you for contacting us and have a nice day.
I'm looking for a place to dine. The restaurant should serve indian food and should be in the centre.|Sure! Do you have a price range?
No.  I'm not looking for a particular price range.|I have several places, would you like me to try to book you into Curry Garden?
I don't have a price range but I would like it to be in the town centre for 2 people at 18:45.|Sure, which day will you be dining?
book a table for 2 people at 18:45 on thursday.|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes, Reference number is : VYSFHVFC.
thank you so much.|No problem, is there anything else I can help with today?
That's it, thank you!|we appreciate you using our services. have a good day
I'm interested in finding a restaurant that serves Tuscan food.  Do you know of any in the moderate price range?|no I am sorry I don't have anything but I'm sure I could find you something that is simply Italian.
I'm sorry. I'm only looking for a place that is moderately priced and serves Tuscan food.|I apologize, but it appears tuscan with the moderate price range does not have any result.
That okay. Italian does sound fine, actually. Could you find a moderately priced Italian restaurant instead?|I found Prezzo in the west part of town, would that work?
Yes, that works. Please book a table for 8 people at 19:00 on Wednesday. Can you do that?|Booking was unfortunately unsuccessful. Can we try another day or time slot?
Can we book the table for 8 people at 18:00 on Wednesday please?|Sure.  No problem.  Your reference number is 7U1BWJ5Q.
Thank you, that's all I need!|Thank you, goodbye.
I need transportation, specifically a train from birmingham new street. I need one that gets to my destination by 17:00|We have several!  What day would you like to travel?
monday would be perfect|TR1238 leaves at 13:40 and will get you there at 16:23, do you want me to book you?
No, thanks. No need to book today, but can I get the price of the ticket?|Tickets are 75.10 pounds. Is there anything else you need?
Yes, I've heard great things about The Cambridge Chop House. Can you tell me about it?|What information are you looking for?
Will you book a table for 3 on Monday at 20:30 for me? I'll also need the reference number. Thanks!|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Reference number is : FNXFS4G4.  What else can I help you with today?
Thanks so much. That's all. Goodbye|I'm glad I could help.
I'm looking for a train that departs london kings cross on friday.|Can I get a destination for this trip please?
Yes, I'll be going to Cambridge, and I need to arrive by 13:15.|There are 4 different trains departing at 5:17, 7:17, 9:17, and 11:17.  Each of those trains will arrive before 13:15.  Would you like to book a train?
Any of those would be fine, I will be booking for 6.|I booked you on TR5686 arriving at 10:08. Your reference number is HVY7MBWS, the total is 141.6GBP payable at the station.
Great, thanks a lot. Can you also help me find a good restaurant in the centre of town?|Kymmoy looks good, would you like to book there?
I need a moderately priced restaurant that serves Chinese food.|Would you like to try Jinlin Noodle Bar?
That sounds great, could you give me the postcode?|the postcode is cb23pp. Would you like to make a reservation?
Can I just double check something? Is the Jinlin Noodle Bar moderately priced?|Yes they are, if you would like to book there, When would you like the booking anf for how many people?
Please book there for 6 people on friday at 16:00.  Thank you for your assistance.|Ok, I have that booked for you. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Thank you so much. You have been most helpful. There is nothing else at this time. Good bye.|Thank you. Have a great evening.
Can you find me a restaurant in the north part of the city?|There are 9 matching records in the north, what price range do you want ?
I don't care.|Is there a certain type of food that you would like?
Yes, I would like world food.|I am sorry, I can't find any restaurant serves world food in the north . Is there another type of food or area you might be interested in today?
Maybe some Indian food?|Great hit
I am looking for a place that serves African food. I don't care about the price range.|African huh? Where are you now? Id hate to send you somewhere far away
It doesn't matter. What suggestions do you have?|How about bedouin?
Please provide me with the address and phone number to Bedouin.|Bedouin is located at 100 Mill Road City Centre and their phone number is 01223 367660.
Thank you, goodbye.|Enjoy your meal!
I'm looking for a museum with a restaurant.|How does the Cafe Jello Gallery sound?  It is located in the west and does not have an entrance fee.
Great. Please get me their address.|Cafe jello gallery can be found at 13 magdalene street. Is there anything else I can do for you?
Do you know of any restaurants in the centre of town that serve lebanese food?|Ali Baba is in the centre of town serving lebanese food
Is it moderately priced?|Yes.  Ali Baba is moderately priced.  Would you like me to make a reservation for you?
Yes I'd like one for Sunday for 19:15, there will be 8 of us.|will you need to have all eight of you seated at the same table?
Yes please. I need the reference number too.|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.  Reference number is : H570Z3KN.  do you have any other questions
Can I get a taxi to take us fro the gallery to the restaurant?|Ok, a white audi will pick you up at cafe jello gallery and bring you to Ali baba by 9:15.  You can contact the driver at 07646811518.  Anything else?
No, that will be all thank you.|You're welcome. Thank you.
I'm looking for a cheap restaurant where I can get some korean food, please.|There are no cheap korean restaurants in the area, would you like to look up a different restaurant?
What about a cheap korean restaurant in the north?|I'm sorry, but there are no restaurants that match your criteria. Would you care to broaden your search a bit?
What about Italian food?|Does it have to be cheap and located in the north as well?
Yes it does have to be.|I found da vinci pizzeria would you like to book a table there?
Sure. I'd like a reservation for Tuesday.|Ok, for how many and at what time?
18:00. Also I need the address, postcode and phone number, please.|20 Milton Road Chesterton, cb41jy,  and 01223351707. Anything else?
Yes, I am also looking for a cheap hotel in the same area as the restaurant.|Worth House matches your criteria. Would you like me to book that for you?
Yes please book it for four people in the three nights starting on Sunday|I am sorry, but I was unable to book your request, would you be able to move the starting date or have a shorter stay?
I suppose. Is there a room available for 2 nights, starting Sunday?|Booking was successful.
Reference number is : TF5T6MYF.. Anything else?
That will be all, thank you for your help.|You are quite welcome. Have a pleasant stay.
I am looking for a local restaurant, and also places to go while I am in Cambridge|Sure, I can help with that. Do you have a particular area you would like to stay in?
East part and where there is entertainment,I also need address and phone number|Do you have a specific food type or price for the restaurant? How about Cherry Hinton Hall and Grounds at Cherry Hinton Road, phone number 01223446104 for entertainment?
Awesome. I'm also looking for the sitar tandoori.|This is an expensive Indian restaurant in the east.
That's the one. Could you book a table for 3 on Sunday?|I'd be happy to reserve you a table for 3 on Sunday. What time would you like to dine?
We'd like the reservation made for 13:00 if possible.|No problem. I've booked you that table and your reference number is 7ET7AGBG. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No, you have been great. Have a great day. Bye.|Thank you for contacting Cambridge TownInfo centre.  Have a great time!  Goodbye!
I am looking for a place to dine that serves Sri Lankan food in the moderate price range.|There are no Sri Lankan restaurants available. Would you like to try something else?
Could you check again in the centre of town?|I am sorry again there are no matches for that type of food.  Would you like to try another type of food or price range?
Yes could you search for italian food instead?|I have 2 listings one for pizza express and pizza express Fen Ditton. One of these sound good to you?
Great.  Can you reserve a table for 5 at Fen Ditton?  Sunday at 12:00 would be great.|Sure I booked your table at Pizza Express Fen Ditton at 12:00 on Sunday. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes and your reference number is OLEZKDIT.
Thank you! also looking for a place to stay. The hotel should include free parking and should have a star of 5.|I'm not showing any 5 star hotels.  Is 4 star ok?
Well then yes, 3 stars would be OK.|Would you prefer a 3 star hotel in the south or centre area?
Area doesn't matter. You can recommend the one you like best, and then please book it for 5 people and 2 nights starting sunday.|I recommend the gonville hotel. I booked that for you as requested, and the reference number is 8ZO3CLGC. Anything else?
That is all, thank you for your help.|You are welcome enjoy.
I'm looking for cheap places to eat in the centre of the city.|Okay, there are fifteen restaurants in that area within the cheap price range. Do you have a preference on the cuisine that is served?
Not really.  Which is your favorite?|Chinese would be a good choice. Would you like me to book one for you?
Yes, for 6 people, 12:15 on Wednesday. Reference number please.|I'll book you at Charlie Chan. In my opinion, its the best! Your booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Reference number is : W3TZFF5S.
I would also like a place to stay. I would like a cheap 0 star hotel in the centre.|el shaddai is a 0 star guesthouse in the cheap pricerange. Does this work for you?
Is there not a hotel?|I'm sorry, there are no cheap 0-star hotels in the centre area of the city.
How about a guesthouse with 0-star and cheap?|The El Shaddai is the only one. Would you like to book a room there? Or maybe you need some more information? Or we could try another part of town.
More information please.  I'd just like the address and postcode for El Shaddai.|There are no hotels in El Shaddai that have 0 stars and are cheap.
Hi, I am planning a trip and could use some help with a particular attraction.|Okay, sounds good. What attraction are you thinking about?
I'm looking for Milton Country Park.|I have found it what types of information can I get you on it?
Can I get the attraction type, entrance fee, and postcode please?|It's a Park and there's no entrance fee. It's free for all. The postcode is cb46az. How can I be of further assistance today?
I'm also looking for a great Italian restaurant on the east side of town that you would recommend.|I would suggest pizza hut fen ditton
What are their prices like?|They are moderately priced
What is the address and phone number to Pizza Hut Fen Ditton?|The number is 01223323737,	and it is in Cambridge Retail Park Newmarket Road Fen Ditton.
Great! Thank you! That's all I needed.|You're welcome!  Have a wonderful day.
I need a restaurant in the west at a moderate price range.|Okay I have an italian, a british and an indian restaurant. Do you have a preference?
The cuisine doesn't really matter, but I guess I should try some British food while I'm there?|I found the saint johns chop house. Would you like more information?
Can you book it for 7 people this Monday at 13:30 please?|I'm sorry, it doesn't look like they can accommodate that time slot. Would you like another?
Can you try 12:30 please?|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Your reference number is : LVT4TTLK.
Any interesting attractions in that part of town?|There are 13 attractions, ranging from colleges, to entertainment, to museums.  Do you have a type preference?
I'm sorry. I need the postcode for saint johns chop house, which you said was British food. I also need a taxi there by the booked time.|That's no problem, I can look that up for you.  Their postcode is cb30ad.
Before we worry about the taxi, I guess it would help to find which attraction. Sorry to confuse you. What attractions do you have in the west?|I have 13 places in the west. What type are you looking for?
What would you recommend?|The cambridge book and print gallery is interesting, and offers free admission. How does that sound?
That sounds wonderful, could I get your contact number and the model of car for the taxi?|They are located at 40 newham road and the phone number is 01223694264.  Where would you like the taxi to pick you up at?
I would like for the taxi to go from the attraction to the restaurant and I would like to make sure I arrive in time for my reservation.|Okay, I can do that for you.
Can I get the contact number and car type, please?|Your contact number is 07138378718 and the car type is a white volkswagen. Can I assist you with anything else?
You have been a great help!  Thank you!  Goodbye.|My pleasure! Enjoy your stay!
i need a train that leaves norwich after 15:00|I can help you with that. What day would you like to travel?
I need to leave on Sunday and arrive in Cambridge please.|I have 9 trains available.  Do you have an arrival or departure time preference?
No arrival preference but it will need to leave after 15:00. Any one is fine. I'll need a booking for 3 people.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 42.24 GBP payable at the station .
Reference number is : RZKWMA85. It leaves at 15:16. Thank you and have a good day.
I would also like more info in a place I would like to eat at.|Absolutely. What is the name of the restaurant you have in mind?
The restaurant I am looking for is Dojo Noodle Bar.|I have found the Dojo Noodle Bar, would you like me to book it for you?
Yes, please book it for 3 people on sunday at 20:30|I've gone ahead and booked, the reference number is 9P2XXWAS, can I help with anything else?
That's it.  Thank you for your help.|Thank you for allowing me to help you. Have a great day.
I'm looking for a restaurant, can you help?|Yes I can is there any type of food you're in the mood for and what area would you like?
I would like an Indian place in the East of town.|I have 4 places that have great indian food. I have 2 moderately priced ones and 2 expensive ones. Do you have a preference?
Yes, I'd like one in the moderate price range. Can you select one?|Sure, how about pipasha restaurant?
Yes. 3 people at 13:45 on Sunday.|I have made that reservation and your reference number is H5PBYPD0.
Are there any wonderful museums in town? I just need the address of one that you would suggest.|I have the cambridge artworks located at 5 greens road and has free entrance.
cool I need a cab now and I need to get to the restaurant by the reservation time of course|I can do that - I got you a white honda and the driver can be reached at 07397937480. Will that be all today?
That's all I need today.|Thank you so much for calling.  Ring us back if you need anything else.  Goodbye.
Hi. I'll be traveling to there and can't wait to try the restaurants there. Could you help me find a place?|Do you prefer a certain type of cuisine?
Yes, I would like to try South African cuisine.|I have a restaurant called Bedouin located downtown an 100 Mill Road, if that interests you.
Is it in the expensive price range?|Yes, Bedouin is in the expensive price range and is in the centre of town.
Yes, go ahead and book that restaurant for 7 people at 17:15, please.|On what day would you like to book?
We will be there monday night.|My apologies. The table you requested is not available at 17:15 on Monday night.  Would you like to try a different day or time?
Yes. Can you try 16:15?|I was able to make reservation for you on Monday at 16:15 for 7 people. Your reference number is KCIWXESP. Is there anything else I can do for you?
I am also needing train tickets for Tuesday going to London Liverpool Street.|Alright, there are 10 trains traveling to London Liverpool Street. Is there a particular departure or arrival time you are wanting?
I need to arrive by 12:15 please.|Can you tell me where you are departing from please and the number of tickets you will need?
I'll be leaving Cambridge and need 7 tickets.|I have train TR4494 that will be departing at 09:59 and arriving by 11:27. Would this interest you?
Yes, I would like to make a booking please for 7 people.|I have gotten you 7 tickets on train TR4494, reference number ENXXH8XH and the total fee is 116.2 GBP. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No you have been most kind. Thank you for doing the bookings. Are there any attractions in the same area?|Are you looking for an attraction in the Centre of town as well?
Yes, attractions in the Centre of town would be great.|what kind of attraction would you like to visit?
I have decided I don't really need an attraction. I think that will be all today.|Your restaurant and travel accommodations have been booked.  Reference number KCIWXESP and HTEPD4LJ respectively.  Is there anything else I can help you with today?
That would be it for today. Thank you|I hope you enjoy your stay in Cambridge. Goodbye!
I am needing a place in the centre area to dine at while I am seeing attractions in cambridge?|Do you have any food preferences?
I'm starving and will only be satisfied with some spanish food, please!|We have two spanish restaurants in the city centre. La tasca is moderately priced, and La raza is cheap. Do you have a preference?
I would like to try the moderately priced one please.|Okay! Would you like for me to make you a reservation?
Yes, please.  Can I get a table for 3 on Tuesday at 19:30?|I was able to book you a table they will hold it for 15 minutes. Your reference number is U7OJBNT7. Is there anything else I can help with?
I'm looking for an architecture attraction in town. Any suggestions?|There are 5 architecture attractions located in the centre. Most of them are free.
I would like to have the area, phone number, and entrance fee please|How about all saints church?  They are located on jesus lane, it's free and in the centre. Phone 01223452587. Can I help with anything else today?
Thank you. Can you also help me with a taxi from all saints church to La tasca in time for my dinner reservation?|Congrats you got the black BMW enjoy your ride to a and b guesthouse.
What is the contact number for the taxi?|Your taxi has been changed to a blue bmw with the contact number of 07281712585. It will take you from all saints church to La tasca. Anything else?
That is all I need, thank you, goodbye!|excellent, have a great day!
Hi, I am looking for a restaurant in the south that serves Tuscan food.|I'm sorry, there are not Tuscan restaurants at all.  Can I find a different cuisine type for you?
Okay. That's fine. Can you find me one that serves chinese food?|I have 3 chinese restaurants available.  Is there a price range you would prefer?
I don't care. I just need a table for 5 people at 12:45 on Tuesday if you can book me one.|I have the lucky star with is in the south and cheap.  Would you like me to book at that restaurant?
Lucky star. Sure why not.|Booking was unsuccessful. Would you like to try another time or different chinese restaurant?
Could you find me a place with the same price range in the same area?|The only other cheap restaurant in the center of the city is a Portuguese restaurant. Would you like me to book that for you.
Yes, please. Same people, date, and time.|I was able to book at table at Nandos for the time and date specified. Your reference number is 0W15TQOH. Can I help you with anything else today?
No I do not need anything else, thank you goodbye.|You're welcome, have a lovely day!
I am looking to book a train to cambridge on saturday around 20:00|TR1120 leaves kings lynn at 20:11.  Would that work?
The train should go to stansted airport and depart from cambridge|Ok, I could book the TR3128 which leaves at 20:40.
I'm not ready to book quite yet.  Can you just give me the travel time, as well as arrival time of that train?|Yes it leaves at 20:40 and arrives at 21:08.
Hi. Can you help me find a train?|Where would you like to go to?
I will be going to Londons Kings Crossing.|Sure, just let me get a little more information.  Where are you departing from and when did you want the booking for?
I need to leave friday after 16:15 from cambridge.|TR6628 leaves Cambridge on Friday at 17:00 and arrives by 17:51 at london kings cross, does this suit your needs?
That sounds great, I'll need 4 seats please and a reference number.|I've booked that for you.  Your reference number is O4BRX03O and you'll owe 94.4 GBP payable at the station.  Anything else I can do?
Yes, please. I'm looking for an Italian restaurant in the east. Price range doesn't matter.|What area would you like to be in?
I want to eat in the East.|Okay, there is one that matches. It's the Pizza Hut Fen Ditton. Would you like me to make a reservation for you?
Not at this time but can I please get their postcode?|Of course, the postcode is cb58wr. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
No, that will do it. Thank you and goodbye!|Have a good visit.
I'm looking for a place called riverside brasserie|Riverside Brasserie is a modern European restaurant in the moderate price range. Would you like to book a table?
No, that is ok. Could you give me the phone number, though and I will take care of it.|01223259988 is the phone number
Thanks! I also need a train from Norwich on Thursday.|There are several trains departing Norwich on Thursday. Is there a specific time you are looking to depart?
leaving on thurs from norwich going to cambridge and I need to get there by 13:00|okay the TR3078 arrives by 12:35.
Thanks so much. Have a great day! Goodbye|Have a great time in Cambridge.  Goodbye.
What is the address and phone number of a cheap restaurant in the north part of town?|da vinci pizzeria can be reached at 01223351707 and is located at 20 milton road chesterton
Thank you goodbye|enjoy your meal!
Hello, I am looking for a moderately priced restaurant on the east side of town.|The Curry Prince in on the east side of town and is in the Moderate price range.
What is there phone number?|Their phone number is 01223 566388.
Is there anything else I can help you with|Is that all?
Yes, that is all I needed to know.  Thank you.|Thank you.
Please find a place to eat in the moderate price range in the north.|There are two great restaurants to choose from. One is a chinese restaurant and on is a indian resaurant. Do you have a preference?
Let's go with Indian. Can you book me a table for Thursday at 14:00 for 8 people?|Your table at The Nirala will be reserved for 15 minutes. The reference number is AM8RPHXF. Can I help you with anything else?
Yes, i am looking for a boat attraction to visit near the restaurant.|There is the riverboat georgina boat attraction in postcode cb43ax. Do you want to book a seat?
Book me a seat get phone number and entrance fee cost. I need a taxi that will arrive at the restaurant and take me to the boat attraction.|Unfortunately bookings are not avialable, but the phone is 01223902091 and the price is unavailable. What time would you like the taxi for?
I want the taxi to arrive at the restaurant in time for my reservation at 14:00. Please tell me the car type and contact number for my taxi too.|I have booked a yellow volvo. The number to reach them is 07941084568. Was there anything else you needed today?
No, that's all for today. Thanks for your help. Goodbye.|You are very welcome, have a great day.
Hi, I want to find a Chinese place to eat that's expensive.|There are 9 Chinese restaurants that match your criteria.  Is there a specific part of town you'd like to dine in?
I'd like to dine in the north if possible.|We have the Hakka and The Hotpot that match your search. Do you have a preference?
Let's go with Hakka, and make a booking for 7 people at 19:15 on Monday. And give me the reference number please.|Great the booking was successful, your reference number is 4DV3FA1B.
Thanks very much. I also need a train for Monday, arriving by 9:45.|And where will you be traveling to and from?
From stevenage to cambridge.|There are 2 trains that arrive by 9:45. One leaves at 5:54 and one leaves at 7:54.
I'll take the one that arrives at 7:54. How much do those tickets cost?|The ticket is 12.80. Would you like me to book this for you, or do you have other questions I can help with?
I'll book the train myself. Thanks for your help today - I'm all set!|It's my pleasure. Thanks for using Cambridge TownInfo!
Hi, what can you tell me about a restaurant called hakka?|I can tell you that it's an expensive Chinese restaurant on the Northside. What else would you like to know?
I need to reserve in for Thrusday.|I have a lot of options. Was there a specific area you were interested in? How many people would you like to reserve for?
Yes, I would like a reservation at 18:15 on Thursday for two.|Unfortunately, there are no reservations available for Hakka at 18:15. Would you like to book another day or try another time?
Is there an opening at 17:15?|17:15 was successful. You're reference number is EWFXUJB5. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I also need a train  that leaves after 17:00 on friday departing from cambridge.|Where will you be traveling to?
I need to go to Birmingham new street.|I have train TR7420 that is departing at 18:01 and arrives by 20:44. Would that be acceptable?
Yes I would like to book the TR7420.|For how many tickets?
Book for two people. And, may I also have the reference number, please.|All set. Your reference number is 5M7M9RN1.
thank you so much goodbye|Thank you for choosing Help Desk. Good Bye.
I am  traveling to Cambridge and looking forward to try local restaurants.|Great, we have a number of restaurants available. Are you interested in a particular type of food?
No, thank you! I am looking for a train that departs on Monday, though. Can you please help me with that?|What are your departure and arrival stations, and what time of day do you need to travel?
I want to leave from Cambridge traveling to Norwich, arriving by 18:30.|TR8504 will leave at 16:36 and arrive by 17:55. Do you need more information or would you like to book now?
Yes I am looking for a particular restaurant called Shanghai Family Restaurant.|Okay shanghai family restaurant is located in the centre and is moderately priced.
What's the food type?|The shanghai family restaurant serves chinese food. Would you like for me to book a table for you?
No, that is all the information i need. Thank you.|ok, have a great day!
I need a restaurant in the town's centre|We have a wide variety of restaurants in the center of town. Did you have a specific type of cuisine in mind?
Yes i am looking for one that serves molecular gastronomy.|I'm sorry, there are no restaurants specializing in molecular gastronomy located in the centre.
How about any Italian restaurants in the same area?|yes! there are nine to choose from.
Show me the one you think is best. I will need the postcode, phone number and price range for it.|Stazione Restaurant and Coffee Bar is expensive, but worth it!  The phone number is 01223352607 and the postcode is cb23nj.
I also need a place to stay in the Centre, free parking as well.|Okay do you ave a preference for price? I have both cheaper and more expensive options but nothing that is considered moderate.
I would like a cheap option please.|I would suggest El Shaddai. Would you like a reservation?
Possibly, do they have free wifi?|Yes it does.  It is very nice.
Great, I would like a reservation for 1, 3 nights starting from Wednesday. If that fails, then Friday and the reference number.|Booking was successful.Reference number is : G8HH6HCW.
Thank you! Have a great day!|Okay I am glad I could be of help.
Thank for calling.|Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No. The restaurant and lodging are all. Thank you, again. Goodbye.|Thank you for contacting us and have a nice day.
Hello, I'm looking for a restaurant that serves mondern european foods for modest prices.|Yes, there's The River Bar Steakhouse and Grill located in the centre and is on Quayside Off Bridge Street. Their phone number is 01223307030.
That sounds terrific. Thank you.|Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, can you make reservations for us? We'll need a table for 6 on Sunday at 16:30.|Your booking was successful! Your reference number is DA8CHTDS. You need need anything else?
No, that's it. Thank you.  Good-bye.|You're welcome, good bye!
I am  traveling to Cambridge and looking forward to try local restaurants.|Are you looking for something in particular?
Yes. It's called the Golden Wok.|Ok.  Golden Wok is located at 191 Histon Road.  Would you like me to book a table for you?
book a table for 8 people at 15:45 on tuesday.|Okay, your booking was successful.  The table will be reserved for 15 minutes, and your reference number is X31YFN1Y
Thank you. I also need to find a train.|I'll be happy to assist you with that. Where would you like to depart from and go to?
I will be departing from cambridge to norwich on Wednesday and the train should arrive norwich by 16:45|TR0031 leaves cambridge at 14:36 and arrives in Norwich at 15:55. Total travel time is 79 minutes. The cost is 17.60 pounds. Will that meet your needs?
yes, thats all tge info i need thanks|Would you like to book tickets? Or is there anything else I can help you with today?
yep your awesome thanks|Okay, glad you enjoyed! Have a good day.
I'd like to find a moderately priced Italian restaurant.|There are a few to choose from.  Are you looking for pizza or more of a varied Italian fare?
I would like more varied Italian fare, please.|Well then I would recommend Prezzo in the west that is also moderately priced.
I rather eat somewhere in the centre of town.|Pizza express serves Italian and is in the moderate price range
I am looking for a moderately priced chinese restaurant.|Golden wok is moderately priced restaurant located in the north part of town.
Could you please give me their address and postcode?|Golden Wok is located 191 Histon Road Chesterton at and their postcode is C.B 4, 3 H.L. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Thank you goodbye.|Thank you for using our system. Good bye
I am looking for a restaurant near the centre, moderate priced, please.|Yes, are you wanting any particular type of food?
I would like british food please.|How about the restaurant one seven that serves British food and is in the moderate price range?
That sounds great.  Can you book a table for 8 people on Friday at 13:30?|I have made those reservations. Your reference number is F9G08K4X.
I am looking for places to go in town. The attraction should be in the type of museum and should be in the same area as the restaurant|I have 11 museums in that area. The castle galleries is one of my favorites. Would you like more information?
Yes. May I have the number and address?|their address is unit su43, grande arcade, saint andrews street, cb23bj. phone number is 01223307402. anythin else?
That is everything thank you.|You're welcome, Have a great day.
A moderately priced restaurant in the west part of town, please. Give me their address and phone number, too.|Do you have a food type preference because there are results for Indian, British, and Italian.
Indian is fine|Meghna is at 205 Victoria Road Chesterton and their number is 01223 727410.  Can I do anything else for you?
No, that'll be all. Thank you!|Thank you, and have a good evening!
I want to find a restaurant serving basque food. I don't care about the price range|I'm sorry, but the system doesn't have info for what you are looking for. Is there a different type of food you may want?
yes, international food|there are 3 restaurants serving international food,  which area of town are you interested in?
I don't care.|Bloomsbury restaurant serves international food
Can I have the address please?|Bloomsbury restaurant address is Crowne Plaza Hotel 20 Downing Street.
Thank you, goodbye.|You're welcome. Good bye.
Goodbye.|Have a good day.
I am looking for a reasonably priced restaurant in the north part of town.|How about Golden Wok located at 191 Histon Road Chesterton?
Okay, can I get the address and phone number please?|The address is 191 Histon Road Chesterton. The phone number is 01223350688
Thank you, that is all I needed.  Have a good night.|You're welcome.  Good night.
I am looking for a cheap place to dine.|Do you have a preferred cuisine type?
I would prefer Indian food in the city centre please|I have listings for 3 in that area,can I recommend the gandhi at 72 Regent Street City Centre?
Is it in the cheap price range?|Yes, all three are in the cheap range.
Will you book me for this weekend ?|Which day would you like and the time?
Can you assist me to find Restaurants in the Center of Cambridge that serves Chines foods?|There are 10 results for that search. Can I narrow that down with a price range you'd like to stay in?
I'd like an expensive restaurant, please.|There are four. Would you like a table, or more information?
Ah... just pick one that you recommend and do a reservation for 6 at 14:45 on Saturday.|I've reserved a table for 6 at ugly duckling at 14:45 on Saturday. Your confirmation number is G6RS8PAR.
am also looking for a place to stay. The hotel should include free parking and should include free wifi|Sure, can I narrow down your preference a bit?  Is there a part of town you prefer?
I'd love it if we could stay in the centre of town. Also, I would like it to be three stars.|Great.  Gonville hotel should meet your needs.  Would you like me to book it for you?
Can you tell me what the price range is at the Gonville Hotel?|Yes certainly it is in the expensive price range.
Is this a hotel or a guesthouse?|It is a hotel. Would you like to book it?
No thanks, just gathering info, thank you so much for your help, have a good evening.|I was happy to help. You have a good evening, as well. Good-bye.
I need to get to a restaurant known as the Lucky star|It is located at Cambridge Leisure Park Clifton Way Cherry Hinton.
Thanks, please make a reservation there for 2 people at 18:00 on saturday.|I'm sorry, but there are no tables available at that time. Would you like to choose another day or time?
Sure, do they have any openings at 17:00?|Thank you goodbye
I am looking for an expensive Indian restaurant in Cambridge.|There are 14 expensive restaurants that serve indian food.  What part of town would you like?
I want the location to be in the west.|Cocum is a nice Indian restaurant in the West in the expensive price range. Would you like to book a table?
Yes, I need a table.|Okay, I can help with that. What day and time would you like to dine and how many people should I have the reservation for?
On Thursday at 5:00. I also need a hotel in the same area. No need to have free parking.|I am unable to find a hotel that meets your criteria. Would you like help with anything else?
are you sure?  it should be the type of a hotel|Yes this is correct there are none available sorry. Do you have any other preferences ?
How about one that has free parking?|Huntington Marriott Hotel is in the west and has free parking. Would you like a reservation?
is that in the same area as the restaurant?|yes it is also in the west
Yes. I'd like to book that for 3 nights starting Sunday and for 4 people.|I have made that reservation and the reference number is 4J5E7XV1. What else can I help you with today?
Great, thanks so much! Can you please book me a taxi from the restaurant to the Marriott, leaving the restaurant by 17:00?|Okay I have booked you a tax. Look out for a blue Volkswagon whose contact number is 07502242319.
Okay thank you for all your help.|Can I look up anything else for you?
That is all, goodbye.|Have a nice day.
Need a train to broxbourne leaving wednesday.|There are several trains to Broxbourne on that day. Do you have a certain time that you need to arrive by?
The train should arrive by 20:15.|The closest time I can get you will be at 10:01, better early than late, I always say!
Wow that's early! What is the departure time and price please?|Actually, I also have TR5293, leaving at 19:01 and arriving by 20:01. It's 17.90 pounds. Would that work for you?
Much better! I also need a cheap French restaurant.|Unfortunately we don't have any of those. Want to try a different type of food?
Is there a portuguese restaurant?|you can try Nandos it is 	south cheap price range. telephone no.	01223327908	in Cambridge Leisure Park Clifton Way
Sounds good can you book that for 8 people at 12:45 on wednesday as well?|Unfortunately, that date and time are unavailable. Do you want me to try for any other day or time?
Can you try 11:45, please?|11:45 it is!  Got you booked for 8.  Your table will be reserved for 15 minutes.  Reference #G9H679P3.
Thank you that was all I needed|Have a great day.
Hello, I am in need of a 4 star place to stay in the north,please.|There are 5 guesthouses and 0 hotels that fit your criteria. Do you require parking or a specific price range?
I would like free wifi.|The Avalon may be a good choice.
Is that a guesthouse? If so, can you book me a room for Sunday for 5 people, 2 nights?|It is. Reference number is : W7KCVTHJ. Anything else?
I am also looking for a place to dine, in the same area as the hotel.|Sure, I can help you with that.  Did you have a price range in mind?
Moderate price range thank you|Then I would recommend the Golden Wok. Would you like to book a reservation?
Do they serve barbeque food?|They do not. They are a Chinese restaurant. Would you like me to find a barbecue place?
I'm sorry, I think I'm spending too much money on this trip. Can you look for a cheap restaurant in the north that serves barbeque?|I am sorry but there are no cheap, barbecue restaurants in the north. Do you want another cuisine or area?
Is there a cheap italian food restaurant?|da vinci pizzeria is cheap, shall I reserve a table for you?
Yes please, 5 people, 15:00 on sunday please.|I will go ahead and book that for you.
Hello, are you still there?  Its been a few minutes.  I'm kind of in a hurry, is there a problem with the booking?|sorry i was trying to make sure i book the right was. it is now booked.Reference number is : D5LV4L6Y.
i also need to use a taxi|Of course! To book a taxi, I'll need to know your destination, departure site, and what time you would like to leave or arrive by.
I want to arrive at da vinci pizzeria by 15:00.|Okay! From where are you departing?
From the hotel discussed.|Great, I will book that for you now.
Have you b ooked that yet? I need the reference number.|Of course. The reference is W7KCVTHJ. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Thank you for all your help.|You are more than welcome.
I need to find a restaurant that serves korean food located in the centre of town.|There is one Korean restaurant in centre of town. It is expensive. It's called Little Seoul. Would you like a reservation?
Please book a table for 4 people at 19:15 on monday.|I am sorry by Little Seoul wasn't available at that time. Is there another option for dining I can look up for you?
How about a different restaurant within the same area and price range.|You are booked into kymmoy which serves asian oriental, in the town centre and expensive range. Your reference number is J39DEUPU. The address is 52 Mill Road City Centre.
That was very helpful. Thank you goodbye!|Thank you for using our system!
I'm looking for a place to eat in Cambridge. I'd like to eat light bites in the mid price range please.|Hmmm. Nothing is coming to mind for light bites in that price range. May I suggest something else for dining?
Okay, how about some Italian food? That sounds good, too.|Is there a certain area you prefer?
anywhere should be fine. find me the postcode, phone number and location please.|You should try Prezzo it is located at 21-24 Northampton Road in the West, post code cb30ad and their number is 0179952160. Do you need more help today?
I would like to find a room as well, with free wifi.|We have several is there a specific area or price range you'd like me to look at?
I want a 4 star place with the same price range as the restaurant. And free parking as well.|How about Finches Bed and Breakfast?
Sure, can you book that for me? Starting friday, 2 nights, and 5 people|I apologize, but our hotel booking system is currently down.  Can I help you with something else?
That is all that I need.|I apologize for the delay.  The system is up and the booking was successful. Your reference number is GXCM3S30.
Thank you that is all I need today. Have a great day.|Okay, I am happy to have assisted! Goodbye!
I need to find a place to stay tonight in the South please.|What price range are you looking for?
Moderate pricing and I dont care where they charge for parking or not.|Do you have a preference of star rating?
Yes, four star please.|I do happen to have one place that would fit your needs. It's the Aylesbray Lodge guest house. They have free parking and internet. Can I book a stay for you?
Not at this time. Could I get the address for the Hotel?|Sure, the address is 5 mowbray road. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I'm also looking for information on pizza express Fen Ditton.|Sure. Pizza Express Fen Ditton is a great italian restaurant in the centre of town. What information do you need?
Could you make a reservation for 7 people for Friday at 11:45, please? I appreciate it.|Your reservation for 7 at Pizza express Fen Ditton this Friday at 11:45 was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Your Reference number is : E5ZUIWJS.
Fantastic thats everything thanks!|please contact us again in the future. goodbye.
Hi, I want a moderately priced restaurant.|There are several restaurants in the moderate price range.  Do you have a preference for the type of food or part of town?
located in the east side|There is a moderate priced Indian Restaurant located on the east side, would you like that address?
Yes please, could I have the address, phone number, and postcode of the venue?|curry prince's address is 451 Newmarket Road Fen Ditton, their postcode is C.B 5, 8 J.J. Their phone number is 01223 566388
Thank you.|You're welcome.  Anything else I can help you find?
That's it, thanks. Good bye.|Thank you for calling. Goodbye.
Can you get me information on a theatre to visit?|I have several options for you.  What area would you like to visit a theater in?
Hmm.. whatever theater you would recommend for me. I would like the number, entrance free, and postcode.|The Mumford Theatre in the centre of town is well known. Their number is 08451962320 and they are in the cb1pt postcode. I'm sorry, I don't have entrance fee info.
Thank you. I am also looking for a place to eat. Maybe Italian food?|We have fifteen Italian restaurants. Do location or price range matter?
I'd like someplace expensive in the center.|I have 4 to choose from. If I may, might I suggest Caffe Uno. They have wonderful food and great service. They are located at 32 Bridge Street City Centre.
that sounds great. Could you book 7 people for 16:00 on Sunday?|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Reference number is : N831LHZU
Great.  Thanks for all your help!|You're sure welcome!  Can I help you further?
Could you also book me a taxi to commute between those places?|I will need to know your departure time to book the taxi..
I'm really not to sure.|I've booked a taxi from mumford theatre arriving at Caffe Uno before your 16:00 reservation. You will be taking a yellow Lexus and can reach the driver at 07565050556
That's perfect.  Thanks so much!|Can I help you with anything else?
No that is all I need today.|okay, have a great trip! Bye!
I'm looking for a place to go in the centre.|Ok, there are 44 different attractions in the centre. Any particular type?
Nothing particular.  Maybe a cinema?|The Vue Cinema is exactly what you're looking for! It's located at The Grafton Centre, East Road. Do you want any more information?
Can you give me the phone number and postcode?|Phone number is 08712240240 and postcode is cb11ps. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Yes, can you reserve a table at a restaurant for 2 people at 15:15 on saturday. Type of food doesn't matter just in the same area as the attraction.|how about bedouin? it looks lovely
Sounds good. Please book|I've booked you at bedouin on Saturday at 15:15. Your Reference number is : OM74MYOM.
I also need a taxi to get to the restaurant by 15:15.|Booking completed!
Booked car type	:	red ford
Contact number	:	07349747219
Thanks, that's all I needed today. Goodbye!|Okay great let us know if you need anymore assistance.
I need some tourist information please. I need to know about a hotel called the arbury lodge guest house.|The arbury lodge questhouse is in the north area and has a moderate pricerange.  It is 4 stars and has free parking and internet.
I would like to book a stay for 3 people for 2 nights starting from Tuesday.|Good news I was able to get this for you.  Reference  I4DXHDJL.  Can I help you find other things to do in the area as well?
I am also looking to eat somewhere expensive, in the South area of town.|There are two Chinese, one Indian, one Italian, and one Mexican restaurants. Which of those would you like?
I would like the Italian place please.|Frankie and Benny's is an expensive restaurant which is expensive would you like for me to book it?
Yeah, book for 3 people on tuesday at 18:30 and give me the reference number|Your booking is complete and the reference number is VVBM497N.
I will also need a taxi, please.|Where would you like your taxi to pick you up and drop you off?
I want to be picked up at the hotel and dropped off at the restaurant.|And what time would you like the taxi?
I want the taxi to get me to the restaurant by 18:30.|black bmw
Contact number	:	07631265313
Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Nope that'll be all for now. Thank you have a good day.|Okay, goodbye I hope you enjoy your time in town!
I want a moderately priced restaurant.|what part of town would you like?
The south part of town.|There is an Italian restaurant and one that serves Modern European. Which would you like?
No preference. You choose one please.|How about the Pizza Hut Cherry Hinton?
What is the address and phone number?|The address is G4 Cambridge Leisure Park Clifton Way Cherry Hinton. The phone number is 01223 323737.
good bye|good bye
I would like to dine at a restaurant serving Indian food on the east side of town. Any suggestions?|Okay there are four different restaurants. What is your price range?
Price does not matter.|I would recommend Pipasha Restaurant.
Great, can you book me for 5 people at 11:45 on tuesday?|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Reference number is : MLAA1D4V. anything else i can help you with today?
I also need to travel by train to Norwich, some time on Tuesday after 14:30.|There is a train departing Cambridge for Norwich at 14:36 on Tuesday.  Would you like me to book this?
Yes please and I need a confirmation number|It has been booked! Reference number is BSJKVN2Y. Do you need anything else?
Thank you goodbye|You're welcome, have a great day!
Can you help me find a restaurant that serves indian food in the centre?|Yes I have some can I get the price range you would like?
I'm not concerned with price. I do need a reservation for 7 at 15:30 on Wednesday.|I will book you at the best--The Kohinoor. Your booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Reference number is : MRRV4AHE. Anything else I can do for you?
Thanks. I also want to find a museum to visit while I am in town.  Any type will be fine.|The museum of archaelogy and anthropology on university of cambridge, downing street is quite a gem and there's no charge to get in
That sounds great. Could I have the address please?|The address is university of cambridge downing street.
what is their  entrance fee?|THey are free of charge, that is always good for the wallet.   Anything else that I can assist with today?
That'll be all, thanks for all your help today!|I am glad to help thank you and ghoodbye
I am looking for a restaurant in the Centre.|Are you looking for a restaurant in the expensive, moderate or cheap price range?
It doesn't matter. I'm particularly interested in Jamaican food.|Unfortunately there are no Jamaican restaurants in the Centre area. Is there another area or food type that you would like?
Then how about somewhere serving modern european food?|we have four restaurant that serves modern european food in the centre area, is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes please. Give me the address of the best one of them.|The most expensive would be Darrys Cookhouse and Wine Shop at 40270 King Street City Centre. Will that be all today?
Thank you goodbye.|Thank you, and let us know if we can be of further assistance.
Could you help me find a restaurant with middle-eastern cuisine?|There is no such match. Do you have any other food preferences?
maybe one that serves chinese food. and it should be located in the centre|Charlie chan is an affordable option.
Ok, sounds good.  Could I make a reservation for 3 for thursday at 13:30?  Can you send me a reference number as well.  Thanks!|Excellent choice.  Your table is reserved.  Reference BCKQCXNI.  Anything else I can help you with?
I also need a place to stay with free wifi and in the same area as the restaurant.|I have many choices for you. What price range are you looking for?
It doesn't matter but I would like a guesthouse with free parking.|I have two. Would you like more info on them?
Do they both have free wifi and parking? Which would you recommend?|Yes. I suggest Alexander Bed and Breakfast. It is a 4-star guesthouse. Would you like a reservation there?
Yes please make those for 5 nights on the same day for the same people.|i will work on getting this booked.
i also need a taxi to commute between these two places|I was able to complete this transaction for you. Reference number is 4AMSSSO2,
Can I get the number for the taxi and the car type?|Your booking is complete.  You will have a grey toyota and the contact number is:07579620224.
I'd like to find out more about expensive restaurants in the city centre.|they are many. what is your prefered food type?
Are there any restaurants that serve French food? If so, I will need the phone number to the restaurant.|yes cote does. can i give you their contact?
Yes please. I did state that I wanted the phone number.|The number for Cote is 01223311053.  Is there anything else I can do for you?
Can you give me some information on a hotel called holiday inn Cambridge, please?|The Express by Holiday Inn Cambridge is an expensive, 2-star hotel in the east. They're located at 15-17 norman way, coldhams business park. Can I book a room for you?
Yes, please! I'll be traveling solo, and I need 3 nights starting Monday.|Ok.  I've booked a room with a queen sized bed for 3 nights starting Monday at the Holiday Inn Cambridge.  Is there anything else I can help you with?
Can I get a taxi that will take me to the hotel from the restaurant?|Sure, what time should I set it up for the taxi to pick you up?
Well, I need the taxi to pick me up at the restaurant by 09:15.  I need the contact number and car type please.|Alright, you'll be picked up by a grey Volvo, and the contact number is 07916701458. Can I help you with anything else?
No, thank you. That is all. Goodbye|It was a pleasure helping you today. Good-bye.
I am looking for information in Cambridge, looking for a train|OK, I can set you up.  Will you be coming to or from cambridge?  I could also use a date and time.
I am headed into Cambridge from Leicester.|Ok, and what day do you want to travel?
arrive by 10:15 and should leave on sunday and book it for 2 people thank you|Train TR0440 will get you to Cambridge by 09:54. I will book it for you. Your total fee is 60.48 GBP payable at the station. Reference number is : 1YRU0L1Z.
I also need the name and number for an expensive restaurant in the city center.|Ok.  There are 33 options to choose from.  Are you interested in a particular type of food?
Yes expensive Korean food.|Little Seoul is an expensive Korean restaurant located in the centre. Would you like me to book a table?
Yes, please book a table.|Okay, for how many people and what time?
for 2 peopl  at 18:15 on sunday|Okay perfect. Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Reference number is : XSMICBEN. Anything else?
No. That is all for today. Thank you.|OKay great it was a pleasure working with you today.
I've got to run so I'm not late for work. Thanks. Goodbye.|Thank you for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Have a great day.
Hi there, I'm looking for a train that gets into Cambridge by 09:30|We have lots of trains that come in by then.  Where are you departing from?
I'm leaving from Kings Lynn.|What day would you like to travel?
Wednesday is the day I want, please.|I have a train that gets into Cambridge by 08:58.
That would work perfectly. Can you get me 5 tickets for that train?|Your booking was successful and the amount due at the station is 49 GBP. Your reference number is OGXNDTVX. Can I do anything else for you?
I need a place to dine that serves chinese food and is in the south.|There are three restaurants available. Did you have a price preference?
Not really. Can I just have the address, postcode, and phone for  your favorite?|the good luck chinese food takeaway is expensive. the phone number is 01223244149. the address and postcode are 82 Cherry Hinton Road Cherry Hinton cb17ag. anything else?
That is all I need.|Ok great. Have a great day.
Can you direct me to a Catalan restaurant that is moderately priced please?|Unfortunately, I do not happen to have anything serving catalan food that is moderately priced. Would you like me to check a different cuisine type or price range?
yes how about a moderate mexican restaurant?|Sorry, but there are no mexican restaurants in the price range either. Would you like to try a different type of restaurant?
Italian would work just as good.|Italian is a wonderful choice. There is a pizza express in centre, would you like to make a reservation?
No, but could you give me the phone number for Pizza Express?|The phone number is 01223324033.
I am also looking for a train going to Bishops Stortford that leaves after 15:30.|What day would you be traveling on?
I need it for Friday an I'm departing from Cambridge|Okay I have a 17:30 that arrives at 18:07. would you like me to book that for you?
I'm not sure if I want to book yet or not, can you confirm the travel time for that one?|Of course. TR1567 leaves at 17:29 and arrives at 18:07.
Thanks that's all I need have a good day.|Okay great, have a good day!
i want an expensive restaurant in the south part of town.|There are several expensive restaurants in the south part of town. Do you prefer mexican , indian, italian, or chinese?
Ok, then. I'll take Mexican. Can I get an address and phone number for the restaurant?|Ciquito Restaurant Bar is at 2G Cambridge Leisure Park Cherry Hinton Road Cherry Hinton. The phone number is 01223 400170.
Thank you, goodbye!|Thank you, goodbye!
Hi there. I'd like to find a place to stay. It doesn't need to have any stars, but I'm willing to pay a moderate amount of money.|Do you have a side of town you'd like to stay in?
I don't have a preference on what side of town, but it does need to include parking.|There are 12 guesthouses and 2 hotels, which do you prefer?
I don't really have a preference, so surprise me!|I recommend the Acorn Guesthouse. Would you like to book a room there?
What's the star rating on it?|The acorn guest house is 4 stars. Is there anything else you need?
I need the type of place it is, the number and full adress please.|It's a guesthouse located at 154 Chesterton Road, cb41da. Their phone number is 01223353888.
Great thank you I also will need some info on a restaurant called The Copper Kettle|The copper kettle is a british type located in the centre area and moderately priced.  Would you like to book a table?
Yes, I would like to book a table for 2 people at 15:30 on Monday, please.|I have the booking reserved. The reference number is NBW5RHEE. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, I would also like a taxi to get me from the guesthouse to the restaurant.|Alright, I have got you a taxi to get you to the restaurant by your reservation time. Be looking for a grey Audi. Their contact number is 07643250186 just in case.
Thank you very much for the service.|Your welcome. Is there anything else I can do for you today?
Thats all thank you for your help,goodbye|You're welcome, please let me know if you need anything else.
I need to find a modern european restaurant in the south please.|Yes, the restaurant alimentum is a great choice, would you like me to book a table for you?
Yes, please! I'd like a table for 3 on Monday at 13:00, please.|Your booking is successful. Your reference number is JCI12G5U. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, that is all I need today. Thank you for your help!|Thanks! Have a great day!
Actually, I do need something else. A train home that leaves Cambridge after 16:45.|I'll need some additional information from you before we can proceed. Where will you be traveling to and on what day?
I need to go to Bishops Stortford on Tuesday.|I have train TR2153 that will leave at 17:29 and arrive in Bishops Stortford at 18:07. Would that work for you?
That's perfect.  Can you make a reservation for 3 on that train, please?|I can make the reservation for you.
Great!  I just need the reference number.|You all set the reference number is ALH3FL92, can I help with anything else?
No thank you. That's it. Bye!|You are welcome.  Have a nice day.  Bye.
I need a train on friday to arrive by 15:30|I have 206 trains that arrive somewhere by 14:30. Where are you heading to?
I am headed to Cambridge.|Where are you coming to visit us from?
I'll be coming from Leicester.|Would you like me to book it for you ?
I would just like the id for the train that fits that billing.|TR4625 arrives in Cambridge Friday by 14:54 on Friday. Would you like to book a seat?
No, thanks just needed the ID. Can you please look for a restaurant for me in the centre? In the moderate price range preferably.|There are 21 restaurants matching your query. I recommend cotto.
Does it serve Turkish food? If so, please book that for 1 at 20:30 on the same day. If that doesn't work then Monday. Can I have the reference number?|It does not, but there are two restaurants in the centre that do serve turkish food. Do you prefer efes restaurant or anatolia?
Can you book a reservation at Anatolia for 1 person at 20:30?|What day would you like me to book that for you?
Do they have an opening on Friday at that time?|I was able to book a table for you for Friday at 20:30. The reference number is Z88H8Y12. Is there anything else I can help you with?
That's all I needed. Thank you for all your help!|Let us know if we can assist you in the future.
Hi.  Have you heard of Pizza Hut City Centre by chance? I may want to eat there soon.|Sure they are located at Regent Street City Centre. would you like me to book you there?
No, I just need the postcode and address please.  Is this an Italian restaurant?|Pizza Hut City Centre is listed as an Italian restaurant, yes. They are located at Regent Street City Centre in postcode cb21ab. Can I help you with anything else today?
No that's all I needed. Thank you!|Glad we could help. Please contact us again if you should have further questions or need a booking. Thank you.
Any fancy restaurants in town?|We have tons of options!  Whats your favorite type of food?
I was looking for Chinese food.|We have several restaurants serving Chinese food in town.  What price range and part of town would you prefer?
I would like expensive Chinese food located in the centre of town please.|You can try sesame restaurant and bar at 17 Hills Road City Centre. The phone number is 01223358899. Would you like to make a reservation?
Yes, please book it for 2 people on Sunday at  17:15.|I made those reservations and your reference number is DL52IYMD.
Alright great, that's all I need thank you!|You are very welcome. Enjoy your dinner.
I don't know if this is possible but can you please get me some information on the alexander bed and breakfast?|sure, i have their information. what would you like to know?
Ah, I just wanted to know it was still open. Could you book me a room?|Sure, what day would you like it for?
3 nights starting from friday.|A reservation for 1 person?
No, I would like it for 4 people.|Booking was successful.
Reference number is : CRLJAWX3.
I also need to find an Indian restaurant in the east please.|There are a few Indian restaurants in the east, do you have a price range you are trying to stick to?
In the mid-range would be fine.|Rajmahal is a moderately priced Indian restaurant. How many people will be dining?
4 of us Friday at 14:45 I need the reference number too.|Your table is reserved, reference #NKKOLWNU. Can I help you with anything else today?
Yes, I'd also like to book a taxi. I'd like to arrive at the restaurant by the booked time.|Where will you be departing from?
I will be traveling between the hotel and restaurant.|What time would you like to travel?
I would like to get to the restaurant by 14:45 please.|Booking completed!
Booked car type	:	white honda
Contact number	:	07125482836
Great, thanks so much, that's all I need! Have a great day!|You're welcome! Goodbye.
I need to find a place to stay in the centre of town.|Do you have a price range?
I'd like a cheap guest house with wifi.|Perfect. Alexander Bed and Breakfast is a cheap guesthouse in the center with free internet and parking. Can I book it for you?
Yes, that would be great. I will be there for three nights.|How many people and from what day will you stay?
We arrive on Monday and stay for 3 nights, there are 7 of us.|Booking was successful.
Reference number is : DHS86PO0.  Can I help with anything else today?
I need to find a place to eat as well.|I would love to help you with that. Do you have anything specific in mind? Area? Price range?
I am looking for the same area and price range as the guesthouse -- centre and cheap.|dojo noodle bar would be perfect for you. Shall i book it ?
Actually I want a restaurant that serves food in the type of the americas|There are no cheap restaurants in the centre of town serving cheap food from the Americas. Wild you like to try a different area or cuisine?
Sure, how about Portuguese?|Nandos City Centre is a cheap place to eat and is in centre. Can I book it for you?
Yes please. Also, I'd like to get a taxi and leave the hotel at 14:30. Could you get me the contact number and car type?|A black volkswagen is booked for you. The contact number is 07101354106. Anything else today, or will that be all?
Thanks for all of your help today you have been wonderful!|So glad I could be of assistance. Have a lovely day!
an expensive restaurant please|Do you have an area of town or type of cuisine in mind?
I was thinking catalan food|There are no expensive catalan restaurants. Can I help you find something else?
Are there any mid-range Catalan restaurants?|Yes. what type of food do you want ?
How about Italian?|Prezzo is an Italian restaurant in the moderate price range.
Great, what is thier address, phone number and area?|Prezzo is located at 21-24 northampton road. Its phone number is 01799521260 and it is in the west. Is there anything else can I help you with?
Thank you goodbye.|Thank you for calling, enjoy your meal! Goodbye.
Hello, I am looking for a restaurant that serves Japanese food.|Wagamama is a Japanese restaurant that's in the centre part of town.
Can i please have the phone number and address ?|Their phone number is 01223 462354 and their address is 36 Saint Andrews Street.
Thank you goodbye.|You're welcome.
I want to find a cheap restaurant in the west part of town. What is the address and food?|La margherita an italian restaurant in the west part of town and in the cheap price range.  Their address is 15 magdalene street City Centre
Thank you.|You are welcome
Hello I am looking for an expensive restaurant on the east side of town. Any suggestions?|Yes the Grafton Hotel has a very nice restaurant.
Is the food there gastropub?|They are British, would you like me to look up a gastropub?
Yes, could you make a reservation for 6 on Tuesday at 19:30?|Royal Standard is the only expensive gastropub in the east. I booked a party for 6 at 19:30 with reference YHCVV3FQ.
I am also looking for a Hotel by the name of Allenbell.|Of course, would you like me to book it?
Yes i need it for 4 nights starting Tuesday for 6 people.|Your booking was successful, and your reference number is OMITG48O. Is there anything else I can assist you with tonight?
No, that is all.  Thank you very much.|Have a good trip! Good bye.
I'm trying to find a moderately priced restaurant in the East part of town.  Can you recommend one to me?|There are three restaurants in the east part of town in the moderate price range.  Would you prefer Indian or Italian food?
can you suggest me some indian ones ?|I would recommend rajmahal, a nice indian place in the east .
Thank you, can you please give me the address and phone number?|Certainly.  The address for Rajmahal is 7 Barnwell Road Fen Ditton and their phone number is 01223 244955. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Thank you, goodbye|You're welcome.  Good bye.
I need a train that leaves after 15:00 on Tuesday.|I can help with that.  What are your departure and destination choices?
Cmabridge to Norwich.|There is a train leaving at 15:36 that arrives by 16:55 on the date you chose.  Would you like to book a spot now?
Yes, and I also need that for 3 people and the reference number.|The booking was successful. Your reference number is 1Q1VEFOG. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
I am also looking for a restaurant. Are there any expensive restaurants in town that serve British food?|Yes, I recommend Graffiti. It's a fine British restaurant on the west side of town.
Could I get the reference number?|What time would you like to eat? Are you eating with the same 3 people?
Yes, the same party. I'd like the reservation for 10:00 that same Tuesday.|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : PX5OGMLQ. Anything else for you today?
No thanks. That's it. Have a good one. Bye.|Have a great day and text us back anytime!
I am looking for a cheap restaurant.|There are several cheap restaurants located in the centre part of town.
Do any serve spanish food?|Yes, La Raza serves Spanish food.  Would you like their phone number?
No, I would like the address and the post code please.|La Raza is located at 4-6 Rose Crescent, their postcode is C.B 2, 3 L.L
Thank you, goodbye.|Thank you for using this system
I am looking for information on a restaurant called saigon city?|Sure, it's located at 169 High Street Chesterton Chesterton.
I would like to book a table for 15:00 on Tuesday for 8 people.|You're all set. Your reference number is QZPCEBYU.
Great, thank you. I'm also looking for a museum in town, do you have any recommendations?|There are many wonderful museums in town.  Do you have a specific type of museum that you would like to visit?
Would you recommend one near the restaurant for us?|Sure, the Broughton House Gallery meets your criteria.Would you like their information?
Yes, I'd love to have their phone number, postcode, and area please|They are in the centre area at 98 king street cb11in. Their phone number is 01223314960. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
That is all I need today, thank you.|Thank you for using our services.
Can you please tell me how to get to the Curry King restaurant please?|Curry King restaurant is located in the centre of town, address 5 Jordans Yard Bridge Street City Centre, postcode cb21ug.
Could I please get a table booked for 1 person on Sunday at 20:00?|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.Your reference number is : PQ0VC3CL. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Thank you, yes, I also need to find a train. I'd like to leave on Monday, departing from Cambridge.|Might I ask if you had a destination and arrival time in mind?
I want to arrive at birmingham new street by 11:30.|Fantastic, there are five options available to you, all priced at 75.10 pounds. They leave a minute after the hour every hour, starting at 5 am. Which would you prefer?
I'll take the third train.  For one person, and I need the reference number.|Hello, the reference number for your booking is B6OKTGHX.
Thank you very much. Have a nice day!|Thank you for using our system!
I need a place to go, something interesting to see. I was thinking maybe a college.|There are 18 colleges in the area. What parts of town are you willing to travel to?
recommend one and give me its address|I'd suggest corpus christi college on king's parade, cb21rh. The entrance fee is 2 pounds. Can I help you with anything else?
Thank you. Can you also help me find a restaurant? I think the name is Zizzi Cambridge.|Certainly. Zizzi Cambridge is an Italian restaurant located in the Centre at 47-53 Regent Street, post code cb21ab. Their phone number is 01223365599. Would you like to book a reservation?
Yes please. I would like the reservation to be at 17:00 for one person on Sunday.|Your table is booked.  They will hold the table for 15 minutes.  Your reference number is 9ZWHYZKH.  Is there anything else I can help with today?
Thanks.  I am all done here.|You're very welcome. Have a wonderful day!
Yes i need to book at hotel.|Sure thing! Which area and price range?
Oh wait.  I really want to find a museum.|I have about 23 museums to choose from. Is there a certain area of town I can focus on?
What do you suggest? I don't know the town, so I don't have any idea where to go.|I would recommend the Broughton House Gallery, it is in the centre and the entrance fee is free. Would you like the address or phone number?
No, thanks! But will you please find me an expensive restaurant in the Centre part of town?|There are many expensive restaurants in Centre. Is there a certain type of cuisine that you prefer?
an expensive British restaurant, what would be one you would recommend?|oh may I suggest midsummer house, it's great and I go there all of the time
Sounds nice, I will book for 2 people at 14:30 on Wednesday.|Your reservation number is ZK239M8H. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No thank you.|Have a good time.
I'm interested in finding a hotel that has free parking that I can stay at.|There are 8 hotels that provide parking. There is no information on free parking but there is one hotel in the cheap price range. Would you be interested?
Yes I need a place to stay for sure.  I like 3 star hotels.  Do you have any 3 stars?|There are several. I have two hotel options, both on the expensive side. If you'd rather something more moderately priced, there are also some guesthouses available.
Oh I almost forgot, I also need the hotel to provide free wifi.  That may narrow my options down a bit.  Can you check?|Okay, there are 5 options. May I recommend the Bridge Guest House?
That is great. I need it for Tuesday. 7 people lasting 5 nights.|I was able to book the room the reference number is WYIXGGE0. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Yes, I would also like to find a Spanish place to eat at.|There are two Spanish restaurants in the centre of town, one cheap and one moderately priced. Which one would you be interested in?
Surprise me! I really don't care.|Then I would like to recommend la tasca as the better of the two.
Great, lets set up a reservation for 7 people at 20:00 on Tuesday.|Ok, I've made a booking for you. Reference number is : DWPPYCE4. Can I help with anything else today?
Thank you. That is all that I need.|Fantastic, have a great trip!
I would like a moderately priced restaurant that serves lebanese food|There is the Ali Baba at the city center, would you like to have the address?
What is the address and phone number?|Address is 59 Hills Road City Centre and phone number is 01462 432565
thank you.  Goodbye!|Thank you. Good bye!
I am interested in finding an expensive restaurant serving Italian food.|There are expensive Italian restaurants in centre and south. Do you have a preferred area?
I don't care which area the restaurant is located in.|There is a very nice Italian restaurant called Stazione Restaurant and Coffee Bar in the centre of town.
Can I have the address and phone number please?|The phone number for stazione restaurant and coffee bar is 01223 352607 and they are located at Market Hill City Centre.
what type of food do they serve?|They serve italian food.
Thank You|You're very welcome. Have a nice day!
I need to book a train that leaves after 13:45 on Tuesday.|What is your destination?
I'm going to Liverpool Street in London.|The first train out of Cambridge after 13:45, going to London Liverpool Street, is the TR9404, which leaves at 13:59.
Ok, how much is the ticket?|The ticket is 16.60 pounds.
I cant afford that is there anything cheaper?|Unfortunately, there is not from that destination.
I will have to take it then.|Just to confirm, would you like me to book Train TR9494 for 1 seat?
yes. im also looking for a place to eat|I was able to book the ticket the reference number is ZPDXC5NW. What area would you like the restaurant?
I would like a Italian food in the centre.|There are several Italian restaurants in the center. Do you want a cheap, moderate or expensive price range?
Price doesn't matter.  Can you recommend one that you love?|i recommend the don pasquale pizzeria. do you need a reservation?
Yes I do, for the same day. We will need a table for 6 at 10:15 please.|Okay great! I was able to book that and your reference number is  FU7FV4QM.
Thank you , that is all|Can I look up anything else for you today?
No, thank you. That is all for now.|Thank you for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Goodbye.
I would like a ticket for a train going to Ely, leaving on Thursday please?|Hello, there are trains leaving every two hours on the :50's, would you prefer a morning, afternoon, or evening departure?
I want to leave after 14:15.|The first departure from cambridge to ely on Thursday leaves at 15:50. Would you like to reserve a ticket?
No thank you but I'll need the train ID and travel time.|No worries. It is the TR0013 and lasts for 17 minutes.
Thanks. I was also wondering about restaurants. Any chance there are places that serve new zealand cuisine?|I am not finding anything, can you please tell me where you are dining? Is it Cambridge or Ely?
Ely please. Sorry for any confusion. Any type of food is fine, I am not picky.|I found 110 restaurants, do you have anything to narrow it down?
Yes I am looking for an expensive restaurant serving asian oriental food|There is Saigon City on 169 High Street in Chesterton and Kymmoy on 52 Mill Road in City Centre.
Please make reservations for me at Saigon City.|I'd be happy to make a reservation for you at saigon city, how many people will be in your party and for what day and time?
You know what, I'm not sure, that you for your information. I'll get back to you to make a reservation.|Is there anything else I can help you with today, then?
That will be all, thank you for your help.|You're welcome! Thank you for using our services.
Is there a place in the centre that serves asian oriental food?|We have the dojo noodle bar do you want to book ?
That sounds great, yes please book that.|I would be happy to do that for you. What day and time would you like?
14:00 on Monday.|Okay, great. I'll just need the number of people attending to make your reservation.
The reservation needs to be for 8 people.|Your reservation is all set. Reference number H1IITSND.
i also will be needing a trian|I can help you. Where are you departing from?
I will be departing from Bishops Stratford.  I want to travel on the same day as the restaurant booking, but I need to arrive in Cambridge by 09:00.|TR0532 arrives at 08:07. Do you need a ticket?
make a booking for the same group of people.|Reference number is : O2VN10GD. Is there anything else?
No thank you. That will be all.|Okay, enjoy your trip!  Have a great day.
I want some help finding a place to go in the centre of town.|There are 44 attractions in the center, of many types. Quieter fare includes architecture, parks and museums. If you'd like more excitement, we have boats and nightclubs.
How about nightclubs?  What is one that you would suggest?|I would highly recommend the Ballare. What would you like to know about it?
What is the entrance fee?|The entrance fee for the ballare is 5 pounds. Can I help you with anything else today?
Yes, I am also looking for a restaurant in the same area as the Ballare.|Sure, I can help you with that.  Was there a particular type of food you were interested in?
Do you have any modern glodal ones?|Nothing matches for modern global, can I run a search for a different food type?
How about International?|There are two options. I'd recommend the Varsity Restaurant. Would you like to book a table?
I don't need a reservation but I do need the address, phone number and price range.|The varsity restaurant is located in the centre of town serving international food.  It is a moderately priced place located at 35 Saints ANdrews street city centre.
and what is their phone number?|Their phone number is 01223356060. Can I help you with anything else?
No thank you that will be all|Alright, have a wonderful time in cambridge!
Hi, I am looking for information on a restaurant it's called saffron brasserie.|Saffron Brasserie is an expensive Indian restaurant in the centre. Would you like me to make reservations?
Oh yes! Please I need a reservation for 5 people on Saturday at 18:00. I need  a reference number too.|Sure, the reference number is PSIDGHAC.
I am also looking for places to go while in town. Do you have a swimmingpool?|There are 4 places to swim in town. Does the area matter?
I'm not particular on the area; is there one near Saffron Brasserie?|Parkside Pools is in the centre. That would be closest to Saffron Brasserie.
Okay that will work, what is the postcode?|The postcode is cb11ly.
Great, thank you. Can you also help me with getting a taxi from the restaurant to the pool?|Certainly. What time would you like the taxi to fetch you from the restaurant?
I would like a taxi to pick us up from the restaurant at 20:00. Can you please give me the contact number and car type of the taxi?|Absolutely. You will be picked up at the restaurant by a black Lexus. Here is your contact number: 07511821304. Anything else I can help with?
No, that's it. Thank you for your service!|You're welcome. Have a great day!
Please find a cheap restaurant in the north.|There is an indian restaurant or an Italian one. Which would you prefer?
I'll go with Italian.  I need you to book it for 7 people, at 11:00 on Monday.  I'd also like a reference number.|You're booked at Da Vinci Pizzeria on Monday at 11 for 7 people. Your reference number is MTHF8EE1. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Can you get some information for me about swimmingpools in that area?|Yes, there are two swimming pools in the north. The Jesus Green Outdoor Pool and Kings Hedges Learner Pool. Would either of those be of interest?
Yes, the Kings one. How much to get into that one?|I do not see an entrance fee listed but their phone number is 01223353248. Can I help you with anything else?
Can you give me the post code as well please?|Their postcode is cb42xh. Can I help with anything else today?
no that's all thanks|You are welcome.  Have a great day.  Goodbye.
I'm looking for park in the east. Can you help me?|I would be happy to help. There is 1 park in the east, Cherry Hinton Water Play. Would you like any additional information?
Yes, can I have their phone number please?|The phone number is 01223446100, is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes I am looking for a restaurant that serves Indian food in the east.|What price range? I have expensive and moderately priced.
I don't care, whichever one is supposed to have better food.  I need a table for 1 at 12:30 on Thursday.|Okay I went ahead and booked you at the Curry Prince, which is moderately priced and your reference number is IG75ROGD.
Thank you. Can you arrange taxi service to take me from the park to Curry Price by 12:30 please?|Of course! Your booking is complete. The car type is blue Skoda. The contact number is 07574638307.
Thank you so much!|You're welcome. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Can you help me get a taxi to the restaurant in time for the reservation?|Yes, it's been booked. The booked car is blue Skoda. The contact number is 07574638307.
Great thanks. Have a great day! goodbye|Will there be anything else?
I need help finding a restaurant please.|What kind of food are you looking for and do you have a certain area you would like to visit?
I would really like to find someplace serving thai in the centre of town.|Bangkok city serves thai food in the centre. Do you want me to make a reservation?
Yes, I need a table for 4 people at 19:30 on Sunday.|You are booked for Bangkok city. Your reference number is 64OEFCHO. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Anything else?
No, that is all thanks.  Good bye.|Have a great day, and please call us again if you need anything else. Bye!
Can you help me book a table at a chinese restaurant that's in the centre of town?|Great choice!  I have 10 Chinese restaurants.  What is your price range and we can narrow them down.
I need some cheap Chop Suey, please.|How does the Charlie Chan sound? It is a cheap Chinese restaurant in the centre.
That sounds like they'll have some awesome Chop Suey. Please book me a table for 2 on Tuesday at 12:45.|I am sorry but charlie chan is booked for that time. Do you want to pick an earlier or later time, or a different day?
Can we try the same day for 11:45 please? And can I have the reference number as well, thanks.|Great News!  I was able to reserve your table for 2 at the 11:45 time. They will hold the table for 15 minutes.  Reference number is : GFIL3UG5.
Thank you.  I am also looking for places to go in the same area as the restaurant.|There are dozens of attractions in the centre. What type of activities are you interested in? Museums? Architecture? Boat Rides? Something else?
I am looking for some type of entertainment in the same area as the restaurant, please.|There are all kinds of entertainment choices. Did you have something in mind?
No, just an entertainment attraction in the same area as the restaurant. Can you make a suggestion?|What about a museum? The cambridge contemporary art is a nice one.
That sounds nice can I get their phone number, entrance fee, and address please?|The phone number is 01223324222, the address is 6 Trinity Street, and it is free admittance.
Thank you so much for your help.|Will that be everything for you today then?
That will be all.  Thank you for your help!|Glad to be of assistance, have a great day!
Thanks, take care buddy!|Thank you goodbye
I am planning a trip in Cambridge, looking for a train|sure, what day will you be traveling?
I need to leave on a Saturday.|Please tell me your destination and departure site so that I can narrow down the options
norwich and should leave at 10:30|Just to clarify, you want to leave Norwich to head into Cambridge on Saturday, after 10:30?
Yes, correct. I'd like to make a booking on that train for 3 people.|Sorry, there is no 10:30 train available, but I could book you on an 11:16 train instead.
Yes, that would be fine. And I will need a reference number please.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 42.24 GBP payable at the station .
Reference number is : 3PH9MFON. anything else?
Yes, I need somewhere to eat that day. Are there any good Italian restaurants on the south side of town?|There are a couple of options.  Did you have a preference between moderately priced and expensive?
That doesn't matter.  Could you recommend something?|I would recommended frankie and bennys.  Do you need a reservation?
Sounds good. I need to book a reservation for 3 people.|What time and day would you like to reserve it for?
I need to book a table for the same group of people at 21:00 on the same day.|Excellent. Your booking was successful and your reference number is WCEMVAAG. Your table will be held for 15 minutes.
Great! Thank you!|Can I assist you further, today?
Nope, that's all I needed. Goodbye!|I'm glad we could be of assistance today. Good-bye.
Hello.  Can you please help me find a nice restaurant that serves Korean food?  I need to know the address too.|Little Seoul is a nice restaurant that serves Korean food.  The address is 108 Regent Street City Centre.
And what is the postcode?|The post code is C.B 2, 1.D P .
Thank you. Good bye|Thank you.
I need a guesthouse.|I have several options for you. Is there a particular area you're looking for?
In the east, please. Something inexpensive, with free parking.|I have 3 such places available. Allenbell, Autumn House, and Leverton House. Which guesthouse do you prefer?
If the allenbell is cheap, I would like to book ti for tuesday.|How many days will you be staying and will there be other travellers with you?
There are 5 people in my group and we will be staying 2 nights.|Okay, I have you booked for 5 people, 2 days, beginning on Tuesday.  Your reference number is UFT1H00C.  Can I help you with anything else?
Yes!  Can you help me find a restaurant near the hotel?|Sure, I can help you with that.  Was there a specific type of food you were looking for?
I'd like international food, please.|The missing sock is a cheap international restaurant in the east. Will that work for you?
Can you make a reservation for Tuesday for 5 people at 17:15?|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : YCXB5JQE. Will there be anything else today?
no thanks,thats all for now|Have a lovely day, goodbye!
I need a moderately priced restaurant in the centre.|There are 21 different restaurants that fit your criteria.  Is there a specific type of food you are looking for that could narrow down the list?
Can I get the food type and postcode of one you'd recommend?|I recommend anatolia, it is a turkish food type restaurant and its postcode is cb21uj.
Okay thank you very much.|Would you like to book a table, if so how many are dining?
Not at this time. Thank you for everything.|Thank you, and have a great day!
I'm looking for a place to stay, in the north, that offers free parking.|We have 11 different options, any other features that you are looking for?
I'd prefer a guesthouse instead of a hotel, if possible.|Did you have a particular price range in mind?
no, but i want free parking.|Acorn guest house is a guesthouse in the north, moderately priced and 4 stars. Would you like to make a reservation?
Yes, please. Can you book a room for Thursday for 5 people, 4 nights?|Absolutely, your Booking was successful.
Reference number is : 9AN6IOSF.
Perfect. I'm also looking for a moderately priced swedish restaurant.|I'm sorry there are no matching results.
Can you find a restaurant in the north?|There is a Chinese restaurant and an Indian restaurant in the north. Both are moderate priced which do you prefer?
The indian place could work.|Ok great and how many people will the table be for?
There will be 5 of us for Thursday.|Sure, what time would you like the reservation for?
I would like reservations at 13:15.|I reserved a table at the nirala, your reference # is 6KLPX1T4, anything else?
i also need a taxi to commute between the two places|I booked you a taxi! It's a Red BMW and the contact number is: 07337581816.
Hello there, please find me a restaurant on the West side that serves  scandinavian food|There are no restaurants of that type available in the west. Would you prefer to try a different area or a different type of cuisine?
How about indian cuisine then?|There are 6! What price range would you like?
The price range doesn't matter but I would like to make a reservation at one you may recommend.|I recommend the Meghna.  It has moderate pricing and great food.  Will that be satisfactory?
Yes. That will do just fine. Can you reserve me a table for 5 people on Friday at 13:15 please?|The Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : TE8OOTZC. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, could you help me find a train to birmingham new street on saturday?|We show 19 trains going to birmingham new street from cambridge. Do you have a preference as to the time?
I do need to get there by 08:30. Can you tell me the travel time for that route?|TR4975 will get you there by 07:44 leaving cambridge at 05:01. Travel time is 163 minutes cost is 60.08 pounds. Would you like me to book seats for you?
No I don't nee it booked yet. Thank you for all the help.|Thank you for spending time in Cambridge, hope you have a pleasant stay.
Hi, I am looking for an expensive restaurant to dine at in the south.|You can try taj tandoori for indian.  Need a reservation?
Sounds good.  Yes, for 6 people on Monday at 18:15.|I will make the reservation for you now.
Yes, that would mean you were putting the info in and booking it, followed by giving me the reference number...right?|Yes that is correct,that way you dont miss a spot
Does Cambridge offer any expensive, Singaporean cuisine?|There are no restaurants that match your request. Would you like to search in a different price range?
How about Indian food instead? I like Indian food just as much.|I can book you a table at cocum.
No thanks, I just need the phone number and postcode, for now.|The phone number is 01223366668.  The post code is  cb30ah.  Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, can you help me find a hotel?|of course, is there an area of town you're interested in?
I actually need a train. For Thursday.|Where you travel to and from?
I'm departing from Cambridge and it should arrive at Peterborough by 11:15.|Ok great. The TR9886 will fit your needs. Would you like to book this train?
Yes, please book it for two!|Booking was successful, the total fee is 33 GBP payable at the station .Reference number is : 13I8FUI1.
Thank you for the service, that's all I needed.|You are welcome.  Have a pleasant stay in Cambridge.  Bye.
Yes I am looking for a moderately priced restaurant in the center of town.|Yes I have many offering different types of food. Do you have a preference on what type of cuisine you are looking for?
I do not have any preference on the food type. Can I have the phone number for one of the restaurants?|The Yippee noodle bar fits your criteria. Their phone number is 01223518111. Would you like me to book you a table?
No, but can you help me find some place to go, in the same area as the Noodle Bar?|You can go to restaurant one seven, that is in the same area as Yippee Noodle bar.
I think I would prefer a museum to another restaurant. Can you find me the address and phone number of one in the area?|Broughton house gallery is free and in the same part of town.
That's great, I'll need to know the address, phone number and post code of Broughton house gallery, please.|Broughton House Gallery is at 98 king street. The postcode is cb11ln. And their phone number is 01223314960. Did you need anything else?
No, I think that'll be it. Thank you for your help!|Thank you for using our service.  Have a great day!
I am looking for a restaurant serving modern american food in the moderate price range.|I'm sorry I find no modern American food listed in any price category. may I try another cuisine for you, perhaps Italian?
Yes how about Turkish then?|Either Anatolia or Efes Restaurant would fit that criteria.  Can I reserve one for you?
yes i reserve to Anatolia restaurant.|I'd be happy to make your reservation. First I will need to know the day/time you're looking for and how many are in your party.
I'm sorry. I don't actually need to reserve at this time. I just need the phone number and address if you could provide that.|Sure.  Anatolia is located at 30 Bridge Street City Centre and the phone number is 01223362372.  Can I help you with anything else today?
No. That would be it. Thanks a lot. Goodbye.|Thank you for calling, goodbye.
Yes, I would like the information on parks that are located in the centre please.|The Botanical Gardens at Cambridge University are a favorite destination. The entrance fee is only 4 pounds.
Could i please get the phone number and address?|Sure, the phone number is 01223336265. The address is bateman street. Can I do anything else for you?
I am thinking I would like to try some european food while I am in town.|There are several to choose from, in which part of town would you like to concentrate?
I would like the north please.|I only have one restaurant in the north for European food, but they have amazing food. It's called City Stop Restaurant. They are expensive but so worth it!
book a table for 2 people at 13:15 on tuesday.|Your booking was successful! The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Reference number is : ZLRYLH3O.
What is the car type, please thank you|I'm sorry, but we just reserved your table. There is no car type. But since you ask, did you need a taxi?
Yes I need a taxi that will take me between the two places and need to arrive by 13:15.|Okay. I have a taxi booked. It will be a yellow bmw and the contact number is 07135918917
Thanks, that's all I need today. Goodbye!|good day and thanks for using our services
i am looking for places to go in town. The attraction should be in the type of college and should be in the west.|There are 5 colleges in the west. Would you like more information on any of them?
No, can you recommend a popular one for me?|Sure, Churchill College is popular. It's free admission and is located on Storey's Way. The post code is cb30ds.
Great! I'm also looking for an expensive restaurant near the college.|How about some high end indian food? There's a place called nice boat, their phone number is 01223302800 and they're on 37 Newnham Road Newnham.
I really love bistro food|Unfortunately, there does not seem to be any bistros in the west side of town, I can look in other areas if you'd like?
Can you look again for me in the same area?|we have british, european and indian food all in the west
Ok, how about a restaurant that serves british food?|Graffiti is a lovely British restaurant. Can I make a reservation for you?
Sure, I need it for 2 people at 18:15 on Wednesday.  Can I get a reference number please?|Okay, I have you all set!  The reference number is GOMW9RVX.  Have a great time!
Thank you. Take care. Goodbye|You're welcome!  It's been a pleasure!
I wanted to visit the Center, could you tell the the hours it is open?|I'm sorry, which centre would you like to visit?
I am looking for a place to go in the centre of town. Can you make suggestions?|Vue Cinema is a great place in the centre of town for movies. Or there's Ballare which is a great nightclub.
Can you tell me the postcode for Ballare? That sounds fun.|Ballare postcode is cb23na. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
I was hoping for a cheap restaurant close to the Vue Cinema.|we got 5. which type of food do you want?
Do you have any that serve Australian?|I have none that serve that food. Perhaps another type?
What about chinese food?|May I recommend Charlie Chan? It's a cheap chinese restaurant in the centre of town. Would you like to book any tables?
Yes, please. I'd like to book a table for 4 people at 12:15 on Friday. May I please have the reference number?|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Reference number is : LN38RS7A.
i would also like to check on getting a taxi to commute me between the two places.|what time would you want to be picked?
Sorry not sure yet.|Do you need anything else?
For the taxi I need to be picked up in enough time to arrive to the restaurant in time.|To book a taxi I need time of travel, departure location and arrival location.
I need to leave from the Vue Cinema to get to Charlie Chan by 12:15.|The taxi is a yellow audi which will pick you up at Vue Cinema and take you to the restaurant by your reservation time. The taxi contact number is 07365464061.
Thank you for all your help.|Have a nice day.
I am looking for pasquale pizzeria.|I have found a Don Pasquale Pizzeria located in Centre, would you like that address?
I would like the address, as well as the phone number. And what is the price range for dinner there?|The address is 12 Market Hill City Centre in postcode cb23nj. The phone number is 01223350106, and it's an expensive restaurant.
Great! I'm also looking for a 3 star guesthouse to stay in.|May I suggest bridge guest house. They are in the south and moderately priced. How many is in your party and how long is your stay?
I won't be needing a booking. Thank you for the information. Have a great day!|You have a great day too.
Thanks again for the help!|It was my pleasure. Have a great evening. Goodbye.
I need a place stay, some place in the east with a 4 stars.|i found 6. what is your price range?
Something cheap, please!|Ok, there are three available. I suggest the autumn house. It has everything ytou need.
Can you tell me the address, including post code?|Autumn House address is 710 newmarket road, postcode cb58rs. Can I be of further help?
I am looking for gastropub food around the same area as the hotel|we have quite a few what price range are you looking at?
No particular price range. Which one do you recommend?|Royal Standard is a great gastropub located on the east side. Would you like me to reserve you a table?
Yes, If you could that would be great. Thank you|How many people are in your party?
I need a table for 8 at 15:45 on Friday.|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. The reference number is : DJFSO1BJ.  Do you need any further assistance?
No that was all I needed thank you so much.|You're very welcome! Bye now!
Can you recommend a restaurant that serves Corsica food in the expensive price range?|I don't have a match for that food type. I apologize. Would you like to try something else?
Can you try italian food instead?|We have five choices, any area preference in mind?
Any area is fine. Could you book a table for 7 for me at your favorite place? We're looking for something at 18:45 on Tuesday.|Ok, I've made a reservation for you at frankie and bennys. The reference number is O7FO0UHU.
Thank you.  Could you please send me the address and phone number.|Of course.  It's located at Cambridge Leisure Park Clifton Way Cherry Hinton postcode cb17dy.  Phone 01223412430.
now find me a stay in the east and should have  a star of 4|I have 6 results matching your request.  What price range would you like cheap or moderate?
I'm not concerened about pricing, but I would like a 4 start hotel in the east.|I'd recommend the allenbell on 517a coldham lane. Its 4 stars and has free wifi and parking. Would you like a room?
No, thanks. I'm all set. Good bye.|Glad I could be of help, goodbye!
I am looking for a place to dine that has expensive romanian food.|No I'm sorry. Something else perhaps?
Is there one that serves Chinese instead?|I'm showing 9 entries throughout the area.  Do you have a preference between center, north, east, or south?
I have no preference.  I just need to book it for 8 at 12:45 on Thursday.|I have you booked at Yu Garden. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Your reference number is: D6LEPNCC. Anything else I can do for you?
I guess that will do. How about entertainment venues...what's there in city centre?|There are 44 attractions in the town centre. Do you have  a preference on type?
Yes, I'd like to find more information on entertainment attractions.|I'm sorry, there aren't any in the city centre?  Do you have a different area I can check?
Is there any in the type of college? If so can I have the phone number, postcode, and entrance fee?|There are 13 different college attractions in the centre area.  Most of them are free, however there are some with entrance fees. Do you have a preference?
I don't really have a preference, no. I'd just like something good.|corpus christi college is popular, they have an entrance fee of 2 pounds, the address is at king's parade and the number is 01223338000
Thanks, I also need a taxi from the attraction to the restaurant.  I want to arrive by the booked time of 12:45|I was able to book a blue volvo for you, contact number is 07163210966
No, I think that will do it.  Thank you for your assistance.  Goodbye.|You are welcome, have a great trip.
I am looking for a moderate priced restaurant in the south part of town. Could you recommend me three restaurants?|Pizza Hut Cherry Hinton is a moderately priced Italian restaurant in the south of town, and Restaurant Alimentum is a moderately priced modern european restaurant in the south of town.
Is there a third restaurant?|There is not.
OK. Can you give me the address and phone number for Restaurant Alimentum?|Their phone number is 01223413000 and they are located at 152-154 Hills Road.
Thanks much! Bye!|Thank you, goodbye.
Can you help me find an expensive European food local restaurant in Cambridge where I can dine when I get to Cambridge?|How about michaelhouse cafe? They are located in the centre?
Yes, that's perfect. Thank you!|Okay, would you like me to make a reservation?
Yes I would. I need a sitting for 7 people on Thursday at 13:45, please.|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.Reference number is : 4668B8BF.anything else?
I need to find a hotel in the same area as the restaurant. I would like to find one with 4 stars.|I have two options for you. Would you prefer something cheap or expensive? And guesthouse or hotel?
I want it to be expensive, and type doesn't matter|University arms Hotel is a 4 star and also has wifi and parking. Would you like reservations?
Yes, I do need reservations.|How many people will the room be for?
I actually don't need a reservation, sorry. Can you just tell me the address and if they have free parking and wifi?|the address of university arms hotel is regent street. It has both parking and internet.
Thanks for your help have a goodnight|Thank you for contacting us. Good Night.
I need a restaurant in Cambridge that serves Spanish food and is cheap.|La Raza is a cheap restaurant in Cambridge that serves Spanish food. Would you like to a book there?
Yes, please book that. That is all I need.|For what day and time, and for how many people?
For 6 people at 14:15 on Saturday. Can I get the reference number as well?|Your reference number is: X5LRUGFW. Can I help you with anything else?
Thank you, that is all.|Thank you have a great day.
Can you also find me a cheap 4 star hotel with free parking and wifi?|There are 7 guesthouses and 1 hotel that matches your needs. Do you have an area in mind?
I would like the hotel please.|Sure, the hotel is the cambridge belfry, how many guests, days and starting when can I book this for you.
I need the address and postcode of the hotel.|The Cambridge Belfry is located at back lane, cambourne, cb236bw. Can I help you with anything else today?
You certainly can. I will need a taxi to take me to my reservation at the restaurant, from the hotel.|I've booked a taxi for you. It's a blue volvo and the contact number is 0758643360.
Great. Thank you. That's all I need.|You are welcome. Enjoy your day!
I'd like to find out more about taking a tour of Trinity College.|I do not have information about tours, would you like the phone number for Trinity College?
Actually, can you tell me what type of attraction it is?  My friend suggested it and mentioned the name, but not much else.|It is a college located on trinity street. The entrance fee is 1 pound. May I help you with anything else today?
Yes, I'd like to find a restaurant in the centre of town.|Of course. There are many restaurants in the area. Is there a food type you're interested in?
I would chinese please.|Is there a price range you'd like to stay in?
Yeah, I'd like a moderately priced restaurant. And type of food doesn't actually matter. Just somewhere moderately priced in the centre of town.|May I suggest Jingling Noodle Bar, they have excellent food moderately priced. Would you like a reservation?
That would be great. Can I have the phone number please?|their phone number is 01223566188.
Great!  Thanks.  I also need a taxi to take me between the two.  I want to leave the restaurant by 08:30|I would be happy to do get a taxi for you. I need the departure location, destination location and the time of travel.
I would like to leave the restaurant by 8:30.|Your cab will pick you up at 08:30 at Jingling Noodle bar to take you to Trinity College. Expect a yellow ford. The contact number is 07741212724.
Perfect, thank you for all your help.|Do you need help arranging transportation or lodging at this time?
No, thank you. I've got everything I need right now.|You're welcome, glad I could help.
I am looking for the phone number and address of a restaurant that serves european food?|There are a number of restaurants that serve european food, can you narrow down the area or price range?
I don't care. give me the address and phone number of one of them.|Cambridge Lodge Restaurant serves European food and it is in the expensive price range. The phone number is 01223 355166 and the address is Cambridge Lodge Hotel 139 Huntingdon Road City Centre.
Great! thank you|Thank you and have a great day!
I would like a restaurant that serves brazilian food|there are no restaurants that serve brazilian food.
Please search for French food. I will also need the address and phone number.|I found two French restaurants, one in centre and one in north.  Do you have a preference on area?
I don't care.|Do you have a preference on the price?
I don't care|Cote is a good french restaurant. It is located at bridge street city centre and its phone number is 01223311053. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, that is all I need.  Thank you and goodbye!|Goodbye.
I'm looking for a restaurant that serves international food.|There are several restaurants serving international food.  Would you prefer one in the centre or east part of town?
I don't care.|There are three restaurants serving international food. What price range would you like?
I would like a restaurant in the north part of town that serves french food|There is Restaurant Two Two in the the north side of town that serves French Food.
What is their address, number, and price range?|Restaurant two two is in the expensive price range.  their phone number is 01223 351880 and they are located at 22 Chesterton Road Chesterton. Would you like anything else?
No, that takes care of it. Thank you for your help.|Thank you for using our system. Good bye
I am looking for a attraction in the east part of town|What type of attraction are you interested in?
I am not overly particular, what type do you have in the East?|We have a boat, two entertainment venues, and two museums here in the East.  Can I get you more information on any of those?
Which one would you suggest? Please give me the phone number, entrance fee, and the postcode. Thank you.|How about the Funky Fun house? It is in the east at 8 mercers Row, mercers row industrial estate. The post code is cb13ef.
That will work. I'm also looking for a restaurant in the same area that is expensive.|There are a few to choose from. The Royal Standard is a gastropub. Does that sound good?
Sounds good, I need a taxi and I need to leave by 4:00 so I need a reservation for 3:00 or earlier if possible.|Sure, I can make your reservation first what day and for how many people please?
I need the taxi to commute between the two places on the same day.|The Taxi has been booked as requested.
Can you let me know the contact number and what kind of car?|Yes, the contact number is 07511049377 and it is a blue lexus.
Alright! Thanks so much for your help!|It was my pleasure. Thanks for using our service. Goodbye.
Can you recommend a good restaurant in the north part of town that serves Australasian food?|There are not restaurants matching your request.  May I help you find a different restaurant?
How about Indian food instead?|There are two Indian restaurants in the north part of town. What price range are you looking for?
What are the price ranges of the two available restaurants?|One of them is cheap and the other is moderately price.
Tell me the address of the moderately priced one.|The Nirala is located at 7 Milton Street Chesterton.
What is the phone number?|The phone number for the Nirala is 01223 360966.  Is there anything else I can help you with?
No thank you, goodbye|You're welcome.  Good bye.
How much for a room in a hotel in the city center?|Unfortunately, my system is not able to pull up that information. I do have information available on restaurants or attractions. Can I help you with any of those?
I was thinking about going to Byard Art, can you tell me the address and what the entrance fee is?|The address is14 king's parade and it is free
Thanks! I also need a place to dine in the south.|There are nine to choose from, do you know which cuisine you would like?
Creative food, if possible.|No matching records found would you like to try another type ?
Sure, let's try for Chinese then instead. I want somewhere expensive.|how about peking restaurant?
I really want Chinese.|That is a chinese restaurant.
Okay, great. Can you book that for me then? It'll be on saturday at 17:45.|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Reference number is : Y10FLRJ2.
Great, thanks for all your help!|Thank you and enjoy your stay!
Can you give me information on a particular attraction, called kambar?|Sure, it's a nightclub in the centre of town.
Great, could you also provide me with the phone number?|Of course, the phone number for Kambar is 01223842725. Can I help you with anything else?
I want to also eat Indian food. What expensive restaurant do you have?|We have many options for Indian. How about Saffron Brasserie at Hills Road City Centre. Phone 011223354679. Anything else?
Great. Could you make a reservation for 7 people at 17:30 on Monday?|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Reference number is : 7E8IT3A0.  What else can I help you with today?
No. That will be all.|Thank you for using our services, feel free to contact us any time for assistance.
thank you for helping|Thank you for using our service today.
I am looking for a place with free parking, Internet is not required.|Alright, there about 30 or so hotels that would work. Did you prefer a certain area or price range?
I don't really have an area or price range in mind at the moment, but I am looking for a place that's a guesthouse.|alright, that narrowed the results down to 21 guesthouses. is there a star rating you are particularly interested in?
There really isn't any particular star rating I'm interested in.|May I suggest the Acorn Guest House? It's moderately-priced in the north.
Please tell me its star rating, phone number and address.|The guesthouse has 4 stars. The address is 154 chesteron road. The phone number is 01223353888. Would you like for me to book it?
yes, it is perfect|What day will you be arriving? I also need to know how many people there will be and how long you will be staying.
There will be 8 of us and I am also looking for a moderate priced restaurant in the center for 11;15 on Saturday.  Please send me the reference number.|Let's get your hotel booked first.  I will need to know how many days you'd like to stay and what day you want to begin your stay please.
I'll book the hotel myself, but I would like a restaurant reservation. Someplace moderately priced in the center of town.|There are 21 moderately priced restaurants near the centre. Do you have a type of cuisine in mind?
Not really, but a moderate priced restaurant in the centre would be ideal.|How does the copper kettle sound? It is moderately priced in town centre and serves british food. Can I reserve a table for you?
That's fine. Could you book a table for 8 people at 11:15. I need a reference number. I also need a taxi between both places arriving at the booked time.|It's booked. Reference number is 6JC8SK3S. Your taxi will arrive at 11 it's a red skoda with contact number 07950328037
Thank you. Will it take more than 15 minutes to get from the hotel to the restaurant?|No, your departure is at 11:00 and you will arive by 11:15. Is there anything else I can assist with you today?
No. I believe that will be everything. Thank you.|Thank you and please contact us again if you have any questions.
I'm looking for a guesthouse to stay in and I don't need a free parking.|I have three guesthouses to choose from. Do you mind they are in the north?
No that is okay, can you book the cheapest one for me please?|They are all moderately priced, but Avalon has free internet and four stars. Would that suit you?
Are there any moderately priced 3 star guesthouses in the west available? If not in the west, what about the north?|This one is in the north a and b guest house
That sounds good. Do they have wifi?|Yes, free wifi.  No free parking though.
That's fine. Could I get their postcode and phone number?|01223315702 and cb12dp.
Thank you I am also looking for a restaurant in the same area as the hotel serving expensive chinese food.|There is Hakka located at Milton Road Chesterton would you like me to reserve it for you?
Yes please. I need it for 8 people on Wednesday at 19:15.|Your table has been booked. The reference number is 3FOO64PM.
Perfect thats all I needed!|please contact us again in the future. goodbye.
looking for mediterranean food|La mimosa serves mediterranean food in the centre of town. Would you like their information?
Yes, I'd like the address and phone number please.|it is located at Thompsons Lane Fen Ditton and you can reach them at 01223 362525 .
Thank you! Goodbye.|You're welcome, goodbye
Is there any restaurants on the south part of town?|Yes, Chiquito Restaurant Bar is a nice restaurant in the south part of town.
I want a restaurant serving chinese food? What is the address and price range?|Peking Restaurant is a Chinese restaurant in the south part of town. The price range is expensive and the address is 10 Homerton Street city Centre
I need a place to dine at in the south that serves chinese.|How about the lucky star?
Is it in the expensive price range?|No, Lucky Star is cheap.  If you would like an expensive Chinese restaurant, might I suggest the Peking restaurant.
Yes, that sounds much better. Could you give me their information please?|The Peking is located at  010 Homerton Street City Centre. The post code is cb28nx. The phone number is 01223354755. Would you like me to book you a table?
No, that won't be necessary at this time.  But, I am looking for places to go in the same area s the restaurant.|The south end of the city has 8 options to choose from, including parks, theatre, a nightclub, a museum, entertainment, and a cinema. Which would you like to know more about?
I don't care.  Could you pick out something good for me?  I just need the postcode and address, too.|Byard Art is a museum on the south side located at 14 king's parade, cb21sj. Can I help you with anything else?
Thank you I also need to get a taxi between the two places please.|I'd be happy to book a taxi for you! Which site are you departing from, and what time would you like to leave and/or arrive?
i ant to leave the attraction by 19:00.get contact number and car type for me please|You are all set, the vehicle is a grey skoda, they are reachable at 07920071341, may I help with anything else?
That should be all.  Thank you for your help!  Goodbye!|You're very welcome!  Just let us know if you need anything.
I need information on a train to Cambridge. I prefer to get there by 16:30|is there a day of the week you want to travel ?
Saturday is nice|what about TR5729? it leaves at 13:17 on saturday
Don't you need to know where I am leaving from?  Does that train leave from Ely?|I'm sorry that one leaves from Cambridge. TR8176 leaves from Ely at 15:35 and arrives at 15:52.
Please book TR8176 for 6 people.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 21.12 GBP payable at the station. Reference number is : J6SICRD5. Is there anything else I can help with?
Thank you! Can you please tell me about a restaurant called Cotto?|I can. It's a restaurant in the centre that serves British food. It's moderately priced. Would you like to book a table?
Yes, please. I'd like to book a table for the same group of people at 19:45 on the same day.|We have booked you for Cotto, here is your reference number MRQ610AS.
Thanks. I am all set.|I hope you have a good trip.
Me too, my other line is ringing so this is a good time to end the dialouge.|It was a pleasure assisting you. Have a good night. Bye.
I'm looking to stay at a 3 star hotel in the north.|Sorry, I have no results for that query. Would you like to try a different area of town?
Are there any moderate priced hotels in the North?|Yes I have two. Would you like me to book one?
I need a hotel to include free parking; does either have that?|Yes both of them have free parking.
Which one would you recommend?|How about the Ashley hotel?
Is the Ashley hotel a 3 star hotel?|the ashley is actually a 2 star hotel.
That will be okay, can we book that.|Please tell me how many people will be staying, starting on what day and for how many nights?
I do not want to book it. I need the postcode and address only.|Okay. The postcode for the Ashley Hotel is cb41er. The address is 74 Chesterton Road. Can I help with anything else today?
I'd like a taxi to travel from the restaurant to the hotel.|You never actually mentioned a restaurant. Are you needing help finding one?
Yes, need a chinese food restaurant in the same area and price range as the hotel.|How many people?
It will be just me today, thanks.|Golden Wok sounds suitable for you. Do you want a reservation?
no. i  just need the postcode and address|It is 	cb43hl	191 Histon Road Chesterton
Thanks. Sorry about that. I'd still like to request a taxi between the two.|I will need to know where you are leaving from and going to and what time you wish to arrive or leave.
I will be commuting between the hotel and restaurant.|Okay, let me work on booking that for you.
I need to leave the restaurant by 3:30, and I'll be going to the hotel.|Booking completed!
Booked car type		yellow honda
Contact number		07378282192
Thank you for your help. That is all I need today. Goodbye|I hope you have a pleasant stay!
I am hoping to find a great place to dine while visiting the west area of cambridge.|The best place on the west side is Graffiti. It's expensive, but they serve excellent British cuisine in a lovely atmosphere.
Sounds fantastic! Could you book me a table for 7 for Monday at 16:00?|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : XN0GPDOY. Is there anything else I can do for you?
Thanks.  I am also looking for places to go in town.  Perhaps some boating?|There are four. Do you have an area of town in mind?
No, I am open to any area. Can you suggest a good place?|how about scudamores punting co?
Sure, could you send me their address and postcode?|Their address is granta place, mill lane and postcode cb21rs
Great thanks. That is all.|Okay. Great glad I could help.
I'm so bored! Can you find me something to do on the west end of the city, please?|We've got 13 attractions in that area 5 colleges, 1 entertainment center and seven museum.  Do you have a preference?
None, what is one that you would recommend?|I find the museum of classical archaeology fascinating. It's also free! Would you like any more information on it?
A free museum is a great choice. What is the address so I can go right away?|The Museum of Classical Archaeology is located on sidgwick avenue in postcode cb39da. Can I help you with anything else?
Yes, what is the attraction type for the museum of classical archaeology? Then, I will have another topic for you.|It is a museum located in the west. They are located on Sidgwick Avenue. What else can I help you with today?
I'd also like to find an expensive Indian restaurant.|I've found curry garden, would you like their information?
Can you just book it for me? Table for 1 on Friday at 13:15. If you can, I would like the reference number.|Unfortunately, booking was not successful. May I try another day or time slot?
Yeah, how about 12:15?|i was unable to book at that time too, can we try some different time please
Hello, I am looking for a restaurant that serves vegetarian food.|There are no restaurants serving vegetarian food.
How about turkish food?|Three restaurants serve Turkish food. Do you have a price preference?
I do not care|Anatolia is a turkish restaurant, in the moderate price range and in the centre of town. Do you want the address and phone number?
Address, please.|Anatolia is located at 30 Bridge Street City Centre.
Thank you goodbye|You're welcome.  Goodbye.
I am looking for a restaurant in the expensive price range. It should serve Sri Lankan food.|I'm sorry but I have nothing listed. Is there another type of food you might be interested in?
I was really hoping for Sri Lankan.|I'm afraid there aren't any Sri Lankan restaurants in town at all. Is there something else I can search for you?
How about gastropub?|I found three located in the centre and one on the east. Which would you prefer?
Are they all listed as expensive?|Yes, they are all expensive. backstreet bistro is in the centre area, and royal standard is in the east. Would you like me to make a reservation at either of these?
Could you please give me the phone number for the Royal Standard?|Sure, it's 01223247877.
Okay, thanks. That will do it for today.|You are most welcome. Thank you for calling Cambridge TownInfo Centre. Goodbye.
I want a place to dine that is in the centre please.|There are 69 restaurants in the centre. Would you like to narrow it down by type of food or price?
I would like to narrow it down by price and I want Chinese.|There is five different options, that are in various price ranges
Hi, I want a moderately priced restaurant located in the south part of town.|Pizza hut cherry hinton is in the south part of town and in the moderate price range.  Would you like their location?
address and postcode please|Their address is G4 Cambridge Leisure Park Clifton Way Cherry Hinton and their postcode is C.B 1, 7 D.Y. Is there anything else I can do for you today?
No, thank you, goodbye.|enjoy your meal!
can you tell me if there is a moderately priced restaurant serving spanish food anywhere in town?|La Tasca serves Spanish food and is located in the town centre and is in the moderate price range.
What is the address, phone number, and area?|Their address is 14 -16 Bridge Street in the Centre area. Their phone number is 01223 464630. Can I help with anything else?
No that is it, Thank you|Thank you for choosing our system. Goodbye
Thanks again!|good bye
I need a place to stay located in North Cambridge that has free parking.|I have 8 guesthouses and 2 hotels in that area with free parking. Do you have a price range or rating in mind?
Yes, I would like a 3 star guesthoise please.|hamilton lodge suits all your description
Okay, please book that 2 people and 4 nights starting from Friday.|I have made those reservations for you your reference number is G3PHR3FO.
I am also looking for a good restaurant in the same north part of town.|There are many good restaurants in that area. Do you have a cuisine preference?
I would like it to be in the moderate range please.|There is a Chinese and an Indian moderately priced  restaurant in the north part of town. Would you like to book one?
Can you tell me the address for the Chinese restaurant|The address for the Chinese restaurant is 191 Histon Road Chesterton.
Please book a taxi. I want to depart the hotel at 06:30 and go to the restaurant. Give me car type and contact info|A red skoda will be arriving to take you to the Golden Wok. The contact number is 07740908114. Is there anything else I can do for you?
No, that is all I need today. Thank you.|Alright, have a nice day!
I want a place to dine in the centre of Cambridge with moderate pricing|I have plenty of options for you.  Is there any certain type of food you are looking to eat today?
I would like an Italian restaurant in the centre and need a reservation for 6 people at 14:00 on Monday and please provide the reference number.|I have reserved a table at pizza express. Your reference number is STRPXCFT. Do you need anything else?
Yes. Are there any colleges nearby that I can visit?|There are about 13 colleges in the centre of town. Might I suggest Hughes Hall. They offer free entrance and are located on Wollaston Road.
Thank you! What is the address/postcode for Hughes Hall?|The address is wollaston road and the postcode is cb12ew. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, I would like to book a taxi to get from the restaurant to the college.|Okay. I can get you a taxi if you know the time you'd like to leave or arrive.
I need to arrive by 14:00.|Booking completed!
Booked car type	:	white toyota
Contact number	:	07841942758
Great!  That was all I needed/|Glad I could be of assistance. Good-bye.
I want expensive Korean food.  I want the address and area of town.|Little Seoul is a Korean restaurant in the city centre and is in the expensive price range. The address is 108 Regent Street.
What part of town is that in?|Little Seoul is located in the centre of town.
I wanted Indonesian food if possible.  I wanted to ask about expensive Indonesian food first.|There are no Indonesian restaurants. May I search for something else?
Thank you for your help!|Not a problem. Have a good day and contact us again if you need anything else.
Hi I am looking to find a guesthouse to stay at and it does not need to have internet.|I have a listing for  one in the north of town,is that okay?
Is that 3 star with a moderate price?|The Alpha-Minton Guest House sounds like it will be perfect for you. It's a moderately-priced, 3-star guesthouse in the north. Can I book a room for you?
Please do, for 1 person, for 5 nights, starting Thursday.|I have made a booking here is your information: Booking was successful.
Reference number is : DGGHJ53E.
Thanks. Can you help me find a place to eat also? I'd like some British food, in the same price range as my hotel.|Unfortunately there are no moderately priced restaurants serving British food on the North side. Would you like me to look in another part of town?
Yes, please look in another part of town.|The Copper Kettle is in centre. Phone number is 01223365098 and address is 4 Kings Parade City Centre. Would you like to make a reservation?
Yes please for one person at 17:45 on Thursday.|You table is booked for 17:45 on Thursday. Your reference number is BB26WX3R. Is that all?
No, can you also help me book a taxi?|When you would like to leave or arrive by? What's your departure/destination?
I would like to arrive by 17:45 to the 4 Kings Parade.  Pick us up at the Alpha-Minon Guesthouse.|Okay great! Your car will be a black bmw and the contact number is 07675976580. Do you need help with anything else?
Nope. That's all. Thank you. Bye now|Have a nice day.
Hello, I am looking for a restaurant that serves Moroccan food.|I'm sorry, there are no restaurants serving moroccan food. Would you like something else?
Can i have the asian oriental type of food then ?|dojo noodle bar serves asian oriental food
Do you have an address?|Dojo Noodle Bar is located at 40210 Millers Yard City Centre
May I have the postcode please?|Dojo Noodle Bar's postcode is C.B 2, 1 R.Q. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Thank you, goodbye.|Thank you, goodbye.
Can you find a restaurant called Panahar?|i found it, what info would you like?
I would like a reservation for 1 person on sunday at 15:00.|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Reference number is : D78P3BKQ.
i also want a place to go in the centre.|I think you should go to the Great Saint Mary's Church, would you like any info on them?
I would like the entrance fee and phone number.|The entrance fee is 2 pounds. The phone number is 01223350914. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Yes what is the attraction type?|architecture, anything else for you today?
that's it! thaaaanks!|Alright, have a great time. Good bye.
Can you help me find a restaurant called graffiti please?|Sure, it's an expensive british restaurant in the west, located at Hotel Felix Whitehouse Lane Huntingdon Road cb30lx. Would you like to book a table?
Yes, can you book me a table for 5 people for Thursday at 17:30.|Unfortunately that time slot in unavailable.   Is there another time you would like me to try?
Sure, how about 16:30?  If it is available at that time please give me a reference number.|I was able to book that, reference number is P0OB1R52.
Find a hotel in the east and in the expensive price range?|Express by holiday inn cambridge is available.
I would also like it to include free wifi and have a star rating of 2.|The Express by Holiday Inn Cambridge fits all of your needs. Would you like to make a reservation?
Yes, please book for 5 people for 3 nights starting from the same day.  Can you please give me the reference number.  Thank you!|I was able to successfully book you, the reference number is QD3X3BKV, can I assist with anything else?
No that will be it. Thank you for your help!|You're very welcome. Have a great day.
I'd like to find an attraction to visit, something on the west side.|I have 13 attractions on the west side. Do you know what type of attraction your interested in?
No, but you can give me the address to the first 3 attractions on the westside.|I have colleges: Churchill College on Storey's Way, Clare College on Trinity Lane, and Clare Hall on 	Herschel Road. Would you like another type of attraction?
No, can you please provide me with the address to Clare College? I am also looking for a cheap place to dine on the west side, cheaper price range.|Clare College is located on Trinity Lane.  Okay, I'll find somewhere for you to dine.  Did you have a specific kind of food in mind?
I think I would like to get Italian. Do you have any located on the west side?|There is one cheap Italian eatery on the west side, called La Margherita. It's a wonderful place - would you like to make reservations?
Can I get the address, phone, and postcode please?|The address, phone, and postcode are 15 Magdalene Street City Centre, 01223315232, and cb30af. Should I make a booking for you?
Yes, please. I'd also like a taxi to go between the hotel & the restaurant.|What time would you like to leave?
I can make my own dinner reservation.  I just need the taxi to leave Clare College by 12:30.|Where will you be taking the taxi to?
I need to go to the restaurant.|It's booked! Do you need contact info?
Yes, and the type of car.|The car is a grey skoda and the contact number is 07137645677.  Anything else I can help you with today?
Thank you so much. That's all for today. Goodbye.|I'm happy to be of service, and I hope you enjoy your time in Cambridge!
I am looking for a high scale restaurant located in the city centre.|Is there a type of cuisine you are looking for?
No, I just want an expensive place in the centre.|I have about 33 different restaurants, but if you are looking for a recommendation I would say stop by Loch Fyne and try their amazing seafood!
That sounds lovely - what is their cuisine type?|Loch Fyne serves wonderful seafood.  Does that sound like something you'd be interested in?
Yes please but let's put that to the side and instead find me a train to Stansted airport - preferably one that gets there by 11:15|Okay, what day would you like to leave and where are you departing from?
I want to travel on Friday. My departure station is in Cambridge.|Would you like me to book it for you ?
I need to find somewhere to stay in the south|The Lensfield Hotel is in the south. It is a 3 star hotel. Would you like me to book it for you?
What is the price range? I'd like something in the cheap price range.|Then, I would recommend rosa's bed and breakfast, a cheap 4 star guesthouse. Do you need more information?
As long as it has free wifi I'll be happy!|Great, shall Il go ahead and book you then?
Can I get their postcode?|rosa's bed and breakfast	post code is cb22ha
I am also looking for a restaurant, should be cheap and in the south, near to my hotel. Do you have any options?|I have 2 choices. The Lucky Star serves chinese. And, Nando's is a portuguese restaurant. Which do you prefer?
I was goona ask to search for international, but it sounds like their isnt an option with a cheap price.  Lets go with Nando's|Okay would you like to make a booking?
Can you just verify, is there an international restaurant in the south or no?|I have confirmed there are no international options, do you want to stick with nandos  or run another search?
Are there no international places to dine in the area? Anything other than British food in the area?|As I mentioned earlier, the only options in the south that are cheap are The Lucky Star (chinese) and Nando's (portuguese). Do you want me to search another area or price?
Sorry, this is the husband, Im taking over the call, my wife is too indecisive.  Please book us for Nandos at 13:45 on tuesday for 5 people, thank you.|Thank you sir, I was starting to think this was a prank, you are set, your reference number is YNZ558E6, can I help with anything else?
I also need a taxi to take me between the two places please.|I can help, where to and from, and what time?
Thank you! From the hotel to the restaurant, please.|Sure! When would you like to leave/arrive?
by the restaurant  booked time.|Booking completed!
Booked car type	:	black volkswagen
Contact number	:	07559655717
Can I help you with anything else today?
Awesome. Thanks for all of your help. I have everything I need now.|I am glad that I can help. Have a nice stay.
I am looking for a restaurant serving mediterranean food.|la mimosa is an expensive restaurant in the city centre that serves mediterranean food.
Is there another venue?|There is The Gardenia if you're looking for a cheap restaurant.
What is the address and phone number?|The Gardenia is located at 	 2 Rose Crescent City Centre and their phone number is 01223 356354.
Thank you, goodbye.|You're Welcome, good bye
I don't care about the price. Thank you goodbye.|Thank you. Goodbye.
I'm looking for an austrian restaurant.|What area are you interested in today?
West.|There is no Austrian restaurant in West. Is there another area you might be interested in today?
How about italian food?|There are 15 results for Italian food. Do you have an area of town or price range in mind?
West part of town|Prezzo serves Italian food and is located in the west part of town.
Great, What is the phone number?|The phone number is 01799 521260, Is there anything else I can help you with?
Thank you, goodbye.|You're welcome.  Goodbye!
Goodbye.|Good bye!
I am looking for an expensive restaurant in the centre|There are 33 restaurants in the centre serving expensive food. What type of food would you like?
The restaurant should serve japanese food.|Can I book Wamagama restaurant for you? It's a perfect fit.
I actually would just like their address, postcode and telephone number at this time.|Wagamama is located at 36 Saint Andrews Street, postcode cb23ar, phone 01223462354.  Do you need any further assistance?
That is all I need. Thanks for all your help!|I'm glad I could help. Have a great day and thanks for contacting Cambridge TownInfo centre!
Okay, I will. Thanks again. Bye!|Enjoy your stay! Bye
I'm looking for a restaurant in the west that serves Indian food.|I have many varying from moderate to expensive in price range. Do you have a preference?
What do you have in the expensive price range?|I recommend Tandoori Palace, would you like me to book a table for you?
I don't need a reservation, but could you give me their address, postcode, and phone number, please?|Tandoori Palace is located at 68 Histon Road Chesterton, postcode cb43le. Their phone number is 01223506055. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes. I am looking for a college as a place to go in town.|I would recommend Clare Hall would you like to visit that?
Sure, but first I'll need to know the entrance fee, area, and address.|Clare College is located on Trinity Lane in the west area of the city.  The entrance fee is 2.50 pounds.  Is there any other information I can get for you?
Yes, please. Can you book a taxi for me? I'll be heading from Clare Hall to Tandoori Palace, and I'd like to be picked up at 18:15.|Certainly, I have booked your car, it will be a yellow skoda  the contact number is 07839693090. Is there anything else I can assist with?
No, that is all. Thank you!|Have a great day!
Thanks for the help, bye!|Glad we could be assistance.
Hello, I am looking for a Hungarian restaurant on the east side of town.|There are no restaurants matching your request.  Would you like a different restaurant?
Yes, I'd like a Chinese restaurant in the east part of town.|yu garden is a chinese restaurant in the east of town.
Please give me Yu Garden's address, phone number, and postcode.|01223 248882, and the postcode is C.B 5, 8 P A
Thank you good bye.|You're welcome, goodbye.
I am interested in a restaurant located in the north part of town that specializes in Indonesian food, please.|There are no restaurants serving Indonesian food in the north part of town. Would you like me to look in another part of town?
what about italian food?|Da Vinci Pizzeria is a restaurant serving Italian food in the north part of town. Would you like any additional information?
Yes, may I have the address and phone number please?|The address is 20 Milton Road Chesterton and the phone number is 01223 351707.
thank you, goodbye.|Goodbye.
Bye.|Have a good evening.
I'm looking for a restaurant in the centre serving modern european food.|We have four choices, do you have a preference in price range?
I need one in the moderate price range.|There are 2 restaurants with your given preferences. They are de luca cucina and bar and riverside brasserie. Do want me to book a table for you?
Yes please. I need a table for one at noon on Saturday|I tried to book a table using your criteria at both restaurants, but unfortunately, there was no availability at either. Would you like a different day or time?
Can you try 11:00 for either place?|That time was successful. You're booked at De Luca Cucina and Bar at 11:00 on Saturday. Your reference number is QCA3LHQC. Need anything else today?
Yes please.  I need train on the same day arriving in Cambridge.|What time are you looking to arrive in Cambridge?
I need to arrive by 08:45. Are there any trains that early?|Oh yes plenty. How about the 07:17 that arrives by 08:08.
What is the travel time and train ID?|That ID would be the TR8885, and the travel time is 51 minutes. Would you like to book a seat on that train?
No thanks. That will not be necessary. Thanks for the info. Goodbye.|Just to confirm, that train leaves from London Kings Cross.  Is that your intended departure station?
Sorry, no, I need to depart from Broxbourne.|Okay, it looks like the TR1971 would depart Broxbourne at 7:32 and arrive in Cambridge at 08:32. Would that work for you?
Perfect, thanks. I am all set now.|You are welcome. Good bye!
I need some help arranging a train that meets our schedule.|On what day do you wish to depart?
I need to leave cambridge on saturday arrive at stansted airport by 20:30|I have a train leaving at 6:40 and arriving at 7:08 it's train TR8598. Would you like reservations?
Yes. I will need it for eight people.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 64.64 GBP payable at the station. Your reference number is: LTQHUT3Y. Can I assist with anything else today?
Yeah, I'm looking for an expensive place to dine at in the southern area of the city.|What food type are you looking for?
The restaurant should be in the expensive price range and should be in the south, i do not have a particular food preference.|I have five places. Do you prefer, Italian, Chinese, Mexican or Indian?
i dont mind any|Okay, how about Peking Restaurant located at 10 Homerton Street City Centre? Would you like a reservation?
I don't need a reservation, but could you give me their phone number?|Their phone number is 01223354755.
Thanks. That is all I need for now.|enjoy your time in Cambridge!
Hi, I am looking forward to trying some local restaurants when I visit Cambridge next month.  Are there any good ones?|We have a lot of good restaurants in the city.  Do you have a preference in the type of food you want?
Yes, I'd like to find a Japanese place in the centre.|There is wagamama in 36 Saint Andrews Street, would you like me to book for you?
Yes please book it for 4 people at 11:15 on Monday.|The booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.Reference number is : ULSWHGVK, anything else?
Yes, can you tell me some tourist places in town that are in the same area?|There are quite a lot of different places in the centre. Do you have a particular type in mind such as architecture, college, museum etc?
As long as it is in the same area it doesn't matter, please recommend one. I want its postcode and entrance fee as well|I recommend great saint mary's church. Its postcode is cb23pq and the entrance fee is 2 pounds.
Thank you very much. Actually, can you also reserve a taxi for me?|Sure, just let me know your departure location, destination and when you are going to travel.
I need to leave the church for lunch at the restaurant before the booked time.|absolutely. Look for a white tesla. Its number is 07550780265 in case you need to reach them.
It has been a pleasure talking to you. You have helped me get all I need. Thank you and goodbye.|It's a pleasant to help you. Please call back if you need further assistance in the future.
Okay I'm looking for a restaurant today.|Sure, what are you in the mood for?
I just want something cheap.|What area are you looking to dine in?
I'd like something in the west please.|There is an italian or vietnamese restaurant that meets your criteria, do you have a preference?
What is the Italian place?|The italian restaurant is called La Margherita. They are located at 15 Magdalene Street City Centre. Can I reserve a table for you?
Yes I will have four guests total.|And on what day and time would you like the reservation?
I would like to check in on the same day.|And what time would you like to dine?
18:30 on Sunday please.|your set, reference # is 6MMV9XTU, anything else for you today?
I also need a taxi. It should arrive at the restaurant by 18:30.|what is your destination?
As I just said, at the restaurant by 18:30.   Can I please get the car type and reference number?|I will get that information for you.
Thank you, I'll wait on your response.|Great, where should I send the car?
Sorry, before a taxi I need a place to stay.  I need it to include free parking & be in same area as the restaurant.|What price range would you like?
The price doesn't matter. I need a place that included free wifi as well.|alexander bed and breakfast meets your criteria, shall I make a reservation?
Yes, I need a room for 4 nights beginning on sunday.|How many people will be staying at the hotel?
4 please, for 4 nights, starting on Sunday.|I have made the reservation and your reference number is NREAFG7R.
Can you help with a taxi?|Okay I got you a grey Audi that will pick you up from the Alexander and their contact number is 07649834873.
.
Thanks. I think that's all I need help with today. Have a great day!|Thank you for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Have a great day!
I'm looking for a nightclub to visit.|Most of the nightclubs are in the centre area. Ballare is located at Heidelberg Gardens in Lion Yard. Would like to hear about some others?
No, but could you tell me more about that one? is it in the centre? What's the postcode?|It is located in the centre. The postcode is cb23na.
I'm also looking for a restaurant that serves cheap chinese food.|You have four options. Do you have an area preference?
I would like it to be in the centre.|How about Charlie Chan? I eat there sometimes.
Sure, thank you! Will you please book a table for 4 people at 19:00 on Friday?|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Reference number is : TLAT8P6I.  What else can I do for you today?
That will be all, thank you very much for your help!|Glad to have been of help. Thank you for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Have a great day.
Hello, I am planning a trip to Cambridge.  Can you help me with a restaurant?|Yes there are many types of food and price ranges in Cambridge. Do you have a preference for either?
No, just looking for a restaurant called Restaurant two two|They serve french food and are in the north and quite expensive. Would you like to book a table?
Yes...for 3 people on Tuesday at 11:15.|I have made the reservation and your reference number is 7PD27O8B.
I am also in need of a train leaving Cambridge.|Okay, what day and time would you like to travel and where is the destination?
Going to the sweet land of Stevenage, on tuesday.  I need to get there by 17:00|TR5343 leaves Cambridge at 15:21 and gets to Stevenage at 16:10. That's the last train of the day. Would you like to book a reservation?
No can I just get the price please?|Sure. The price for that train would be 12.80 pounds. What else can I help you with today?
That will be all for toady. Thanks !|Thank you for contacting us. Have a nice day.
There's an attraction I'm looking for in Cambridge.|Ok, are you looking for a church?
No. I am looking for an attraction called Downing College.|Downing College is in the centre on Regent Street.  The number is 01223334860. It is even free!
Great! Thanks so much for the info. I am also hoping you might help me find a restaurant in the centre.|There are many wonderful restaurants in the city centre. Do you have a price range?
yes. it should be moderately priced.|Were you interested in a specific kind of cuisine?
European would be a nice change.|Okay there are four matches for your request. May I make a suggestion?
Yes, I would like your suggestion.|The Galleria. Shall I book it?
Yes, for 7 people please|What time would you like?
At 12:45 please.|I also need the day in order to book it.
Thursday, please.  Thank you|I have booked for 7 people at the Galleria. Your reference number is  8YPDWI4I. Can I be of further assistance today?
That is all I need. Thanks.|Thanks for letting us assist you today! Enjoy your trip!
Hi, I am looking forward to trying some local restaurants.  Can you help me find a place that serves Russian food?|I am sorry there are no local russian restaurants. Would you consider trying something different?
Sure, can you look up chinese food instead?|I have 17 chinese restaurants. Is there a certain area or price range you have in mind?
Can we try something expensive.|There are 9 expensive Chinese places. What area are you looking in?
It doesn't matter. Just choose one for me. I'll need to know the area that it's located in.|peking restaurant is in the south.
Great! I'm also looking for a place to stay. The hotel should include free wifi and should be in the type of guesthouse.|great, i have 23 options for you!
Wow. That seems like a lot. I don't need free parking, if that helps to narrow the search.|the a and b guest house seems perfect. Shall I book it ?
Yes, please. I need rooms for 3 people for 4 nights starting on Friday.|Your booking was successful. Your reference number is M8DI9LRQ. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Thank you! I also need to book a taxi there, leaving my hotel at 4:00. Can you please do that, and give me the contact number and car type?|Your booking was susccessful. Your car is a blue lexus and its contact number is 07202318710.
I do think that is all I need. Thanks. Good day.|You're welcome, have a great day!
Hello! I'm looking for a moderately priced place to stay in Cambridge. I'll need free parking.|I have 14 results for moderately priced places to stay, is there a particular area you'd like to stay in?
yes I would like to stay in Cambridge|I'm not showing any places to stay with your requirements.  Is there another area I can lookup for you?
I would like something in the north.|Great. There are 9 places to stay in the north. Are there any other requirements you want me to look for?
You pick. Give me the postcode, internet availability, and address to the one that stands out to you.|Then how about acorn guest house. Their address is 154 chesterton road and postcode is cb41da. They also have internet.
Thanks. My friends told me about a restaurant called Golden House. Do you know what area its in and food type?|The golden house serves chinese food and is in the centre of town. The price range is cheap. May I help you with anything else?
Nope, that's all, thank you.|You're welcome. Thanks for contacting Cambridge TownInfo centre! Have a good day!
I would like to find an expensive restaurant in the east part of town.|What type of food are you looking for?
I don't care.|grafton hotel restaurant serves british food, in the expensive price range and in the east. would you like to know the address and  phone number?
Just the phone number is fine, please.|The phone number is 01223 241387. Will that be all?
That is all, thank you very much. Good bye.|Thank you for using the Cambridge system. Goodbye.
Can you help me find the hotel Worth House?|The Worth House is located in the northern part of town at 152 Chesterton Road, would you like the phone number?
Yes I would like the number and I also need to know what star rating the hotel has.|That hotel has a 4 star rating and the number is 01223316074. Would you like to book that now?
I also am looking for an expensive restaurant in the area of south, thank you|There are 5 restaurants that fit your request. Are you interested in a specific type of food? There are 2 chinese, one indian, one italian, and one mexican.
Could you book me a table for 1 at the Indian restaurant for 11:15? I would also like the reference number. Thank you!|On what day will you be dining there?
Please make a reservation for tuesday.|Great your reference number is XJVS7TQN
Thanks, that's everything I need. Have a nice day!|To you as well! Goodbye.
I need help finding a book on italian food|There are fifteen Italian restaurants in town. Do you want a specific part of town, or maybe a certain price range to narrow down the search?
I'm looking for parks in Cambridge can you help me?|Are you looking for one in a particular area?
No, area doesn't matter.  What park would you recommend?|Cherry Hinton Water Play park in the east is an excellent place to keep cool on hot summer days. Would you like the address?
No just the postcode please.|The postcode is cb18dw.
Thanks.  Could you help me find and expensive Indian restaurant perhaps?|Tandoori Palace in the west is a wonderful Indian restaurant. Would you like their phone number or a reservation there, perhaps?
book a table for 6 people at 12:00 on wednesday|I was able to book a table for 6 they will hold the table for you for 15 minutes. The reference number is M4ILDKD4.
Thank you that is all I need for now.|Okay great! I hope you have a wonderful day!
I am looking for a entertainment in the south area.|Nusha is an entertainment attraction in the South. Would you like more information?
Yes, what's their postcode? And while you're at it, maybe their phone number, too.|The postcode is cb17dy and the phone number is 01223902158. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I was also wondering if you can help me find a restaurant called tandoori palace.|Yes. It's an Indian restaurant in the west part of town at 68 Histon Road Chesterton. Would you like to book a table?
Can you give me the postal code for tandoori palace?|The post code for tandoori palace is cb43le. Can I book a table, if so for how many on what date?
No need to book a table at this time.  Thank you for your help.  Good bye.|Happy to be of service, and I hope you enjoy your time in Cambridge.
Hi there, I'm looking for a middle-range hotel located in the south of Cambridge.|There are two hotels that meet your criteria, aylesbray lodge which is a 4 star hotel, and bridge guest house which is 3 star, would you like more information on one?
Yes please. Is any of these two a guesthouse type of hotel?|there is the aylesbray lodge guest house and the bridge guest house, both meet your requirements.
What is the postcode of aylesbray lodge?|The postcode of the Aylesbray Lodge Guest House is cb17sr.
Great, thanks. Can you also help me find a lebanese restaurant?|There is one I know of. Ali Baba in the centre. It is a moderately priced lebanese place. Does that work?
Yes.  Can you book that for 5 people at 18:15 on Friday?|I have successfully booked your table for 5 at 18:15 on Friday. Your reference number is RXC5FU89. Anything else I can help you with?
No, that would be all. Thank you. Have a good day.|You're welcome. thank you for using our service. Have a good day.
You have a good day as well. Goodbye.|Thank you again for using our service.
I want to find a cheap restaurant in the north part of town. What is the address and phone number?|Da Vinci Pizzeria, which is in the north part of town and the cheap price range, is at 20 Milton Road Chesterton and the phone number is 01223 351707.
Thank you, goodbye.|Thank you for using the Cambridge restaurant system
I'm looking for a great European restaurant. Can you help with that?|There are quite a few European restaurants, what price range are you interested in?
can you find me one that is in the moderate price range?|Yes, I can help you with that. What area are you interested in?
The area doesn't matter.|There are 2 restaurants listed as European, and 3 listed as Modern European. Are you more interested in one group?
I apologize, are any of those in the Centre area?|Yes, two modern European and two European are listed in Centre. Do you have a preference?
Either is good. Pick the best and give me the address postcode and phone number.|How about Galleria? It's a European restaurant at 33 Bridge Street, CB21UW. Their phone number is 01223362054. Can I help you with anything else?
Yes I'm also looking for places to go in the same area.|What type of attraction would you like to visit?
It doesn't matter, anywhere in town that's in the same area as the restaurant. I'd like the postcode too, please.|I recommend the Primavera museum at 10 King's Parade, postcode cb21sj.
Thanks so much for your help, I have all the info I need for right now.|Thank you for calling! Goodbye.
I'm looking for somewhere in town to go to where I can enjoy entertainment. Do you have any suggestions?|There are many options. Did you have a specific area or activity in mind?
Nothing specific, but I would like to know the entrance fee associated with the activity.|I would recommend the All Saints Church to visit. The entrance fee there is free. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yeah, I'm also trying to find a good restaurant for lunch.|Cambridge has dozens of fine eateries. What type of cuisine are you interested in?
I'm looking for Turkish cuisine.|Okay there are three located in the centre. What is your price range?
The price range should be moderate.|i recommend efes restaurant. can i give you the address?
Actually can you make me a reservation for 2 people at 18:15 for Thursday?|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : B4IPF338. Anything else I can help with?
Yes, Please reserve a taxi that can reach both areas, I would like to arrive by the booked time, Please provide me with a contact number and the car type.|For how many people, and when would you like to leave by?
I need to arrive by 18:15 on thursday.|A yellow skoda taxi will pick you up at all saints church to bring you to efes restaurant by 8:15. Your contact number is 07455408697. Is there anything else?
No, that should be it. Thanks so much.|Have a great time.
thank you for your help!|You're welcome. Goodbye.
I'm looking for a restaurant in the south serving christmas food. Can you help me?|Sorry, I couldn't find any christmas restaurants in the south. Want to try a different kind of food?
No, I'd really like cheap Christmas food. How about in a different area?|I don't have anything that serves Christmas food and is cheap.
What about a place serving Portuguese food?|Nandos is a cheap Portuguese restaurant in the south, would like more information about it?
Yes, could I get the postcode?|Postcode cb17dy.  Their phone and address is 01223327908, Cambridge Leisure Park Clifton Way.  Can I help you with anything else?
Yes, can you help me with a cheap guesthouse in the south of town?|I have one option for you. It is rosa's bed and breakfast. Would you like a reservation?
Yes, please book the reservation and provide a reference number.|Sure, I can help you with the booking?  On what day will you be coming in?
I need to book for Friday for 5 nights.|How many people will be staying?
There will be 7 of us.|Okay, you are booked, with reference number 58HYUWPB
I also want to book a taxi to leave Rosa's bed and breakfast by 15:45. I would like the contact number and car type.|I have booked a red volkswagen for you. The contact number is 07404379938.
Thanks you have been great!|Thank you and enjoy your stay here in our lovely city!
Where can I find malaysian food? I prefer an expensive restaurant please|No I am deeply sorry I am not getting any
How about an expensive Malaysian restraint in the south?  Is there anything available?|I'm sorry. There's still no matching results. Would you like me to search for a different foot type?
Yes, please. How about Indian food?|I have 1 expensive Indian food in the south. It's called Taj Tandoori. They are located on 64 Cherry Hinton Road Cherry Hinton. Would you like a reservation?
Perfect, yes. I want a table for 5 at 16:00 on monday.|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Reference number is : X2V543QG
Thank you.  That was all I needed today. Goodbye.|You're very welcome. Have a nice time!
Hi I am looking for a place to eat that is in the moderate price range and also in the centre.|There are 21 great restaurants to choose from. Is there a certain type of cuisine you are looking for?
How about you pick a place for me reserve a table for 7 at 17:00 on saturday please.|How about La Tasca serving Spanish food?
As long as La Tasca is located in the centre of town and is moderately priced. If it is, yes that would be great. I need a reservation.|Yes, it meets all your requirements. I am happy to reserve a table. For how many guests?
I need reservations for 7 people at 17:00 on Saturday. I also need the reference number. I need a train that leaves after 11:30 on Tuesday.|Your table is reserved, reference #SRYTU96A.
I will also need a train.|Right. Do you know the departure and destination stations you want?
Yes, I'm departing from cambridge heading to leicester|The TR7692 meets your criteria. Would you like to book tickets?
I will need 7 tickets.|Booking is complete.  Your reference# is QL902A4M and the total fee is 264.59 GBP, payable at the station.  Can I help you with anything else today?
No, that is all for today. Thank you.|Thank you for using our services. Have a great day!
I'm looking for a restaurant in a moderate price range.|There are many, can I get a price range and area you would like the restaurant to be in to narrow down the search?
I would like a moderate price range and in the centre. Would you be able to book a table for friday at 19:30? It would be for 2.|Okay, there are 21 options. Would you like to choose a cuisine to narrow down the choices?
Why don't you choose one for me as long as I can get the tables booked.|I tried the yippee noodle bar which serves Asian Oriental food but it is booked. Do you want to stay with Chinese Asian cuisine?
Just please book a table anywhere for 2 on friday for 19:30 please. And I'll need a reference number.|Ok sorry about that. I can get you a table at restaurant one seven. Your reference number is A2RA63NX. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, thank you. Good bye.|You're welcome. Thank you for calling Cambridge TownInfo Centre.  Good bye.
I'm looking to get some info on a hotel called cityroomz.|I've found it, would you like me to book it for you?
Yes please book it for one person for 2 nights starting friday.|Sure. Your booking was successful and I have a reference number for you. It is IBDDDIAJ.
Thank you very much for your help. Have a great day.|Thank you for using our service today.
I would like to find a cheap restaurant that serves tuscan food|nothing is matching your request. I'm sorry.
Bummer.  Could you help me find some cheap Italian food then?|If you do not have a preference of area, I recommend La Margherita in the west.
Sounds great, what is their phone number and address?|la margherita is located at 15 magdalene street city centre and the phone number is 01223 315232. Is there anything else I can help you with?
How about italian?|La Margherita serves great Italian food. can i help with anything else ?
No that is all, thank you very much. Good bye.|You are very welcome. Good bye,
Can you help me find a cheapt italian restaurant?|There are five options, are preference on area?
No, just pick your favorite and book a table for 7, please. We'd like to eat at 13:15 on Saturday.|I have made a reservation for your party at La Margherita for Saturday at 13:15. Your reference number is 6HVNT7JN. Enjoy!
Thank you that is all I need today.|You're welcome, thanks for contacting us and have a wonderful day!
I would like to dine at a cheap restaurant on the west side of town. What are my choices?|Would you like to eat Italian or Vietnamese cuisine?
I would like Austrian actually.|There are no Austrian restaurants in the west. Would you like to try another cuisine?
How about Vietnamese food?|For Vietnamese, I have a great place called Thanh Binh. It is a cheap restaurant with great food. Would you like help reserving a table?
Yes, that would be great.  My party will consist of 7 people and I would like to book for 12:45 on Thursday.|Great.  your booking was successful and you table is reserved for 15 minutes.
The reference number is : 99A7DNB0.
Thank you. I would also like a train leaving on Friday going to Ely.|What time would you like to leave?
I want to leave in time enough to get to the restaurant on time|Would you like me to book it for you ?
I need to arrive by 18:45 on Friday.|TR9933 departs Cambridge at 17:50 and arrives in Ely at 18:07. Do you want me to book this for you?
Yes please, for seven people|Okay, I have booked that for you and the reference number is: UDP5WC1J. Can I help you with anything else?
I think that covers everything. Thanks for your assistance today, you've been so helpful!|Thank you! If you need anything else, please don't hesitate to ask.
Do you know an Indian restaurants in east Cambridge?|Yes I do. What price range do you have in mind?
Price does not matter.|Curry prince may be a good choice for you.
I forgot to mention I'm looking for something in the east area. If Curry Prince is in the east I'll just need the phone number please.|Curry Prince is located in the east area, their phone is 01223566388.  Is there any else I can help with?
I'm also looking for a train that departs from Cambridge.|When are you traveling?
I will be traveling on friday.|What time do you need to depart?
I need to arrive after 14:30.|What is your destination?
My destination is stevenage.|TR7852 looks like it would work for you, would you like to book that?
Yes please. Book it for 5 people|The booking was successful, the total fee is 64 GBP payable at the station .
Your reference number is IR34MGT4.
That's great thank you.|Do you need anything else today?
That is all I need.|Okay, have a great day!
I am looking for a restaurant that serves Malaysian food and is in the cheap price range.|No matches found for cheap Malaysian food. Would you like something else?
How about vietnamese food, please?|Thanh binh is a nice restaurant that serves Vietnamese food and is in the cheap price range.
That sounds great!  May I have their phone number please?|thanh binh's phone number is 01223 362456
Okay, thank you for your help!|Thank you for using the Cambridge restaurant system, please call again.
Are there any museums in the centre?|We have 11 museums of various types, did you want more information on any of them?
Yes, I want to know about ones close to the center of town.|There are 11 museums close to the center of town. Are you looking for an art museum, a gallery, or another type of museum?
Can you give me the address to one of the art museums, please?|Sure. The cambridge contemporary art museum is at 6 trinity street.
Thanks. Are there any cheap Indian restaurants near there?|There are three cheap Indian restaurants in the Centre, Kohinoor, the gandhi, and mahal of cambridge. Would you like more information one of them?
I would like more information on the gandhi. Thank you.|The Gandhi is a cheap indian restaurant in the centre. It is located at 72 Regent Street City Street. Their postcode is cb21dp. Their phone number is 0122335942.
Okay. Can we book a table there on Thursday at 18:00. It will be 5 people.|I will book that table for you now.
Thanks.  Can I get a reference number?|Table for 5 on Thursday at 18:00. They will only hold your table for 15 minutes. Your Reference number is : C5FO3HZF.
I also need to book a taxi to get me there by 18:00 from the hotel.|What hotel are you staying at? Or do you need help booking a hotel as well?
I'm sorry. I meant I will need a taxi from the cambridge contemporary art museum to the Gandhi in time for the reservation.|A red Skoda will get you there in time. Contact # 07625450117.
Great, that is all I need today. Thank you.|Thank you! Have a nice day!
I am looking for an expensive restaurant that serves Welsh food.|I apologize, there are no restaurants in the expensive price range that serve Welsh food. Would you like a different type of food?
How about korean food?|Little Seoul is an expensive Korean restaurant. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, I would like their address and what part of town they are located in.|Little Seoul is located in the centre of town and the address is 108 Regent Street City Centre.
Thank you, goodbye.|Have a nice day!  Goodbye.
do you have information about  all saints church?|All Saints Church is a fine bit of architecture in the center of Cambridge. They are located on Jesus Lane, cb58bs, and their phone is 01223452587.
Is there an entrance fee and if so, how much is it?|Nope, it's totally free.  Can I help with any other information today?
Can you find me a moderately priced british restaurant now?|Restaurant One Seven is in the moderate range and serves British food, would you like the address ?
I'm looking for an italian restaurant in the centre. What is available?|I have a couple I can recommend for you, is there a certain price range you would like to stay in?
I want it to be in the moderate price range.|The two Italian restaurants in the area are Pizza Express on Regent Street and Pizza Express Fen Ditton. Would you like to reserve a table?
Can you give me the phone number of the one on Regent Street?|The phone number is 01223324033, do you need any more help?
Yes, I'm looking for some sports activities in the same area. Are there any places like that nearby?|I'm sorry, there are no sports activities in the centre. Would you like to try another area?
No, can you tell me if there are any museums in the same area?|There are several.  Are interested in art, archaeology or the history of science? All are free, by the way.
Glad to know that there is no entrance fee, I go with whatever you recommend. Ill need the phone number and postal code of whatever place you pick.|Personally, I love the Museum of Archaeology and Anthropology. The phone number is 01223333516 and the postcode is cb23dz. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Yes, can I get the entrance fee?|It is free admittance.
Great, thanks! That's all I need today.|Have a great day
What are the nicest restaurants in the center of town?|kymmoy is a Asian oriental place that is expensive and in the centre of town.
May I have their phone number, please?|Absolutely. It is 01223311911.
Thanks! I also need a train to leicester from cambridge. Can you help me with that?|There are several options. What is your departure day and time?
The train should leave on saturday and should arrive by 16:00.|TR5089 arrives in leicester Saturday at 15:06, would you like to book a ticket?
That's fine. What time does the train depart, and how long is the ride itself?|The train departs at 13:21. Travel time is 105 minutes. Would you like me to book this for you or is there something else I can help with?
Yes can you please book this for me and provide me with any other necessary information.|How many people will be riding?
Just me, could you confirm the travel and departure time?|The TR5089 leaves at 13:21 and arrives at 15:06. It would cost you 30.23 pounds. Would you still like to book?
No, thank you. That's all I need today.|Have a great day.
A moderately priced restaurant in the north part of town, please.|The golden wok is a nice restaurant in the north part of town and is in the moderate price range.  Would you like their location?
Yes please.|The golden wok is located at 191 histon road chesterton
Phone number?|The Golden Wok's phone number is 01223 350688. Is there anything else I can help you with?
That's it, thank you. Good bye.|Thank you for using the Cambridge restaurant system. Goodbye.
I am looking for a place to eat in the centre of town.|You have many different options to choose from as well as different price ranges. Are you looking for a casual or formal restaurant?
I don't really care, not really picky.|check out kymmoy. its asian oriental and its expensive. you want the adress?
yes adress and phone number please|The address is 52 Mill Road City Centre. Their phone number is 01223311911.
Can i get the post code as well please?|The postcode is cb12as. I can make a reservation for you if you'd like.
I need reservations for 7 people at 17:30 on friday.|Reference number is : MWDLZXJR. Is there anything else?
Can you also find me a place to stay that includes free wifi and in the same price range as the restaurant?|Do you wish to stay in the centre of town?
It doesn't matter, as long as it is a guesthouse and includes free parking.|I'm sorry but there are no guesthouses that match your criteria. Would you like me to look for a hotel instead?
are you sure there are no moderately priced guesthouses with parking and wifi in all of cambridge? That seems unlikely to me|There are several, do you have a specific area you are interested in?
I would like it moderate priced and make sure it is a guest house please.|We have quite a few, may I suggest the acorn guest house? I need to know when you'll be arriving and the number of people please.
it's for 5 nights for 7 people on friday.|Your booking was successful. Reference number is : F20O5QD5. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Thanks, that about does it for me today. Have a good one, bye!|You have a wonderful day as well. Good bye.
I'm actually looking for an expensive restaurant that serves Indian food|curry garden is a nice place to dine. Do you want to book ?
Is that in the west area. I really would like to be in the west.|Here is one in the west. Will this work for you maharajah tandoori restaurant.
Great. I would like that. Can you book us for 8 people on Thursday at 16:45?|Done! Your reference number is 2AYFR5LL. Do you need help with anything else?
I'm also looking for a hotel. I need free parking. It can be an expensive place.|There are quite a few hotels that meet that requirement. Do you have a preference on what part of town you'd like to be in?
I really don't. Do you have any recommendations?|I will recommend the huntingdon marriot hotel to you. It is a 4 star hotel with free parking and wifi and has excellent reviews though expensive.
Does that include free wifi?|I cannot find the info on free wifi or not, I apologize.
It should be right there under internet...|My mistake. Yes, there is free internet. Would you like for me to book it for you?
I don't want to book it just yet.  Thanks for all your hard work.|Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, that's good thank you for all of your help.|You're welcome. Have a nice day.
is there a portuguese food restaurant?|Yes
Is there anything else?|There are two portuguese restaurants in town. Would you prefer one in the centre of town or in the south part?
Can I get the address and phone number, please?|Their address is 33-34 Saint Andrews Street. Their phone is 01223 327908
Thank you, goodbye.|Thank you for using out system. Good bye.
Can you tell me if there's a concerthall in the city center?|There's a place called the Man on the Moon that is a great concert hall. They are located at 2 Norfolk Street. Postcode is cb12lf. Their phone number is 01223474144.
What is the entrance fee?|I do not have information on their entrance fee, I'm sorry.
Ok, well thanks anyway. Can you help me find a restaurant in the centre of town also? I prefer something moderately priced.|Sure thing, what kind of food would you like. I have several options?
I'm not too picky on what kind of food as long as it is good.  Can you make a few suggestions please?|Lan Hong House is Chinese food, Galleria is European style food and the Varsity Restaurant is international dining. Do any of these interest you?
Galleria sounds good. Could I get the postcode for that please?|sure, the postcode is cb21uw
Thank you, I also need a taxi to commute between the two places.|Okay. Can you tell me the departure or arrival time?
I'd like to leave the man on the moon by 04:45, can you set that up for me?|You got it! I've booked a taxi for you. It'll be a yellow ford with the contact number 07730485057
Thanks.  That was all I needed.  Goodbye.|enjoy your stay!
I would like a moderately priced restaurant that serves english food|There are no restaurants that fit your desired criteria. Is there another cuisine type or price range?
European food that is moderately priced please.|galleria serves european food and is in the moderate price range.  Would you like their location?
What is the address and postcode?|The address for Galleria is 33 Bridge Street and the postcode is C.B 2, 1 U.W. Can I help you with anything else?
That is it. Thank you.|thank you good bye
I'm looking for a particular restaurant. Its name is called city stop restaurant.|City Stop is located in the north of the city, and serves European food. May I help with anything else?
What is the postcode and their phone number?|City stop's post code is cb41uy and they can be reached at 01223363270. Would you like a reservation?
Nope, that's all I needed today. Thanks for you help!|You are welcome and enjoy your  Stay
I need to find a moderately priced place to stay.|There are 3 hotels and 12 guesthouses in the moderate price range. What type of place do you want to stay at?
I would like a 4 star place to stay in but I don't need parking.|Depending on location, you have quite a few options.  Lets try narrowing down which area and other options you might want.   In the east area a and b guesthouse would be good.  There are several choices for north part of town.
I'm not concerned about area, but I do need a hotel.|I have none that are in the moderate price range with 4 stars. Would you like to try a different search?
Are you sure?  It does NOT need to have free parking.|I'm sorry, but I'm sure there are no hotels matching your criteria. Would you like to search in any price range?
I think a bed and breakfast would be fine. I just need a moderate price range 4 star place.|Avalon is a 4 star guesthouse in the North.  It is moderately priced.  Would you like to book a room?
yes, i want to book it for 1 people and 2 nights starting from thursday.|I have that booked for you! Booking was successful.
Reference number is : BQ10XUIJ.
I also need to book a table for 1 on Thursday at 16:45 at India House. Can you do that for me?|Your table for 1 at India House this Thursday at 16:45 Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Your Reference number is : OSUO8YDY.
I will need a taxi that will take me from the Avalon to the India House by 16:45, can you book that for me?|Yes, the booking is completed. Car type is grey lexus and contact number is 0766024206.
well thank you thats all for today|You're welcome! Have a great day!
What sort of moderately priced restaurants does Cambridge offer? I'm only interested in restaurants located in the Centre.|There are quite a few including British,Asian,Italian and many more.
I am looking to eat at a steakhouse.|I'm sorry I have no steakhouses that are moderately priced. is there any other cuisine you might like to try?
Can you check for Chinese?  I haven't had Chinese in awhile.|I have 3 moderately priced Chinese restaurants. I would recommend the Jinling Noodle Bar.
That would be just fine. Can you make reservations for 5 people at 18:00 on wednesday.|I was able to book your table for your per your request. The Reference number is : UZ2TEM53.  Is there anything else you need?
I am also looking for a train to Cambridge|Sure, where will you be departing from? Also what date and time were you looking to travel?
I'll be traveling from Ely to Cambridge on Wednesday. I need to get to Cambridge before noon.|Okay, how about TR2006? It leaves ely at 11:35 and arrives in cambridge at 11:52.
Yes thats perfect book that for the same group of people please.|perfect. i have booked and the reference number is WMH7ZZ71.is there anything else i can help?
Thank you. That is all that I need.|You're very welcome! Have a great day!
Thanks for all your help! Goodbye!|thank you that will be all,that was a big help too
I'm looking for some entertainment related places to go in the centre of Cambridge.|I was unable to find any entertainment in the centre.
Okay. How about a boat anywhere in town?|There are two boats in the centre, scudamores punting co and the cambridge punter. Would you like more information?
I will take the phone number, entrance fee and address of the one you choose for me.|I will choose for you the Cambridge punter, their phone number is 07807718591, they are found on  251a Chesterton road, they don't have an entrance fee.
I'm looking for a moderate price range hotel with 2 star rating.|There are 2 moderate 2 star hotels in the North, the Ashley Hotel and the Lovell Lodge. Do you want to book?
I need to be sure that these are hotels.  Does either include free parking?|Yes, they are both lovely hotels.
can you choose one for me and book it for 7 people for 2 nights from Friday please?|Booking was successful for the ashley hotel, your reference number is : GBB9BL1O.  Can I assist you with anything further?
I would also like find an asian oriental restaurant in the same price range as the hotel.|The Yippee Noodle Bar is what I would recommend.  Can I book a table for you?
Yes, please. Can you reserve a table for Friday for 7 people at 13:15?|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is 98WSLWXU. Do you need help with anything else?
No, Thank you that is it.|Thank you for calling. I hope you enjoy your trip. Goodbye.
I'm looking for something to go to in Cambridge.|What area of town were you looking to visit?
It doesn't matter. I'm looking for a nice museum.|Broughton house gallery is a nice museum. Would you like the address?
Yes, please. May I also have the postcode and the area of town?|They're in the center of town. The postcode is cb11ln.
Thank you, I'm also looking for an expensive restaurant that serves European food.|I have 5 different restaurants available. Do you prefer to dine in a certain area of town?
NO preference but lets try one in the center area since the museum is there.|There are three choices, erania, michaelhouse cafe, and darrys cookhouse and wine shop.  Any preferences?
Please get me a table for six at Erania for 15:30 on Wednesday.|Very good, I have your reservation for 6 on Wed at 15:30 made at Eraina. The reference number is 9IEPCLQU. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, I'll be needed a taxi from the museum to the restaurant to get there in time for the reservation.|I have booked a black Toyota. The contact number is 07957232666. Would that be all for you?
A Black Toyota Taxi?|Yes. Is there anything else I could help with?
No, I have everything I need for today.  Thank you.|Thank you for using our service. Have a great evening. Goodbye.
Good morning, I am looking forward to trying some local restaurants when I arrive in Cambridge next week.|Wonderful. Is there a type of cuisine that interests you?
I would like to try some modern American food.|I'm sorry there appear to be no modern American restaurants in the area. Would you like to try something else?
Yes, can you check Chinese for me please?|There are 17 Chinese places that you may like, do you have further criteria to narrow it down?
what's the most expensive one?|I have nine in the expensive range. Is there an area you prefer?
No. I would like you to pick the best one you know of.|In that case, I would recommend the Sesame Restaurant and Bar. Would you like to know more about it?
No, that's okay.  Can I book a table for 2 on friday at 15:15?|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.Reference number is : LZ2KI6G5.
Thank you. I also need train information. We are planning to leave on Saturday at some time after 11:45.|Would the TR4003 train departing at 13:00 and arriving in london by 13:51 work for you?
Yes.  That works.|How many tickets do you need?
I need 2 tickets please.|the total fee is 37.76 GBP payable at the station, reference number TKP9K1U4.
Thank you for your help.|Do you need anything else?
that is it for today thank you for asking|You're welcome. Have a great day.
I am looking for a restaurant.|Is there a price range or type of food that you would prefer?
Not sure of that, I am looking for a restaurant named "ask."|That is an Italian restaurant located in the centre of town.  It is at 12 Bridge Street.  Can I call and reserve a table for you?
I would like to book a table for 5 people on Sunday at 14:15|I am afraid that booking was unsuccessful. Would you like to try another restaurant?
Yes, a different restaurant in the same area and with the same price range.|Yes there are 15 restaurants that are a similar price range. Did you still want Italian?
Type of food doesn't matter. Which is the best one? I'll book that.|Your reservation is at the Dojo Noodle Bar at Millers Yard.  The reference number is W87AKIBY and the table will be held for 15 minutes.  Is that all?
That is all. Thank you!|Thank you for calling. Enjoy your dining experience.
I'd like to know what my options are, as far as expensive restaurants in the city center.|Do you have a particular food type that you would like to enjoy?
Yes, is there any chinese in the area?|sesame restaurant and bar is great. it is situated in 17 hills road city centre postcode cb21nw. can i give you the phone number?
On second thought, I'd rather have Mediterranean food.  Would you see if there's an expensive one in the centre area?|There are two.  La Mimosa and Shiraz Restaurant. Shiraz is my favorite.  Would you like to book a table?
Yes,table for 1 people at 12:15 on friday , thank you|Reference number is : 1DZDPY4K. What else can I help you with?
Also looking to visit a museum in the same area as the restaurant. Could you give me the phone number and postcode of one please?|I would recommend the Primavera. Phone is 01223357708. Zip code is cb21sj. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Next, I will need a taxi to go from the museum to the restaurant so I can get there in time for lunch. Is that possible?|Yes, I've booked you a taxi. It is a yellow tesla, Contact number	:	07670621306
Thank you that's all the help I need today.|You are welcome.  Enjoy your time in Cambridge.  Bye.
Can you tell me where I can find an expensive chinese restaurant?|There are 9 expensive Chinese restaurants. Do you have a specific area you would like?
I would prefer the city centre please.|I have 4. How about hk fusion?
I would like to book a table for 6 people at 13:30 on Sunday.|The booking for hk fusion was unsuccessful. Would you like a different restaurant?
Will try another one in the same area and price range? If you can book it, will you give me the reference number?|You are booked into the ugly duckling which is in the expensive price range in the centre of town. Your reference number is 3RFXW8G6. Is there anything else?
No, that is all. Thank you, good bye.|Okay enjoy your lunch and thank you for calling.
I'm looking for an expensive restaurant in the west.|There are 9 expensive restaurants in the west. There are British, European, Indian, and Thai food to choose from. Which would you prefer?
I would love something that has British food.|You should try either Graffiti or Travellers Rest then. Would you like more information about these?
I think I'll try Travellers Rest. Could you book me a table there for Saturday?|At what time on Saturday would you like a table reserved?
Please book for 1 person at 16:30|It has been booked, your reference number is Q1IQNSL8
I also need a train departing from Kings Lynn arriving by 11:15.|What day would you be traveling and where are you going to?
I'll be going to Cambridge on the same day as my stop at Travellers Rest.|I have train TR2514 that departs at 10:11 and arrives by 10:58. Would that be something that would work for you?
Yes, that would be great.  What is the price for that?|The price for the TR2514 is 7.84 pounds per ticket. Would you like to book a seat?
No, that is all I needed, thank you for your help!  Goodbye.|You're welcome. It has been a pleasure helping you today. Have a great trip!
Please find a cheap restaurant in the east part of town.|The Missing Sock is a cheap restaurant in the east part of town.  Would you like their location?
Could I have their phone number please and type of cuisine they serve?|They serve international food and their phone number is 01223 812660.
That sounds good. Thank you for your help.|Thank you!  Goodbye.
I am looking for an expensive chinese restaurant to eat at.|Thank you, I will go to the peking restaurant at street city centre
Can you book me a table for 6 at 15:00 on sunday?|I'm sorry but it is not possible to book that time slot at that restaurant. May I try another time and/or day for you?
Can you see if there is a table for 6 at 14:00 on Sunday, then?|Yes! I am glad to inform you I was able to book you at the Peking on Sunday at 14:00 for 6 people and your reservation number is TSREFNQW.
Thank you, can you please help me find a train on Sunday that will arrive in Cambridge on time for my reservation?|the TR7147 train departs sunday at 11:17 and arrives in cambridge at 12:08.
I actually need a train from Leicester to Cambridge on Sunday that arrives by 10:45.|There are several trains that meet your needs. TR0440 seems like the best option. It departs at 8:09 and arrives at 9:54. I can book this for you if you'd like, or there are three trains that run earlier in the day if you'd like information on those.
Yes, that would work. Can you go ahead and book me 6 tickets and provide me with the reference number, please?|Great you're all set reference number is 0FZ7ADG9
Awesome, you have been very helpful. That's all I need.|Wonderful. Have a very nice day.
Can you help me find an expensive restaurant to eat at in east Cambridge?|I have 4 different food types available: British, Chinese, Gastropub and Indian. Does one of those appeal to you?
I was wanting Korean. Do you see any Korean restaurants anywhere else in the city?|There is one expensive Korean restaurant in the centre called Little Seoul.
Can you book me a table there?|How many people will be in your party and when would you like the reservation?
There will be 8 people, and I want to book it for 20:00 on Wednesday.|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Reference number is : TY97W8SL.
Thank you very much.|Is there anything else that I could help you with?
Yes I was wondering if you could help me find a nightclub in the same area.|Okay, there are 5 options. I recommend Club Salsa.
Great, could I get the address there please?|the address is 1 station road
Could I also have the postcode and phone number?|Their phone number is 07782218745 and their postcode is cb12jb.
Did you book it for me?|Reservations aren't necessary for the Club Salsa, but the entrance fee is five pounds. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Could I book a taxi to take me to the restaurant? I'll need to arrive by 20:00.|Please look for a blue BMW.  Contact number: 07757635795.  What else can I help you with today?
That was everything.|Thank you for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre. We're here 24/7. Have a great day.
I'm looking for a restaurant can you help?|There are many different kinds of restaurants to try out, what kind of food do you like?
I would like indian food please. I need it to be cheaply priced as well.|There are 4 restaurants that meet your criteria. Three are in the centre of town, and one is in the north. Do you prefer the north or the centre?
Can you book me a table for 5 at 16:30 on Wednesday , we can try the one in the North and see if anything is available.|I've made reservations at the royal spice and your reference number is BIXL9FWH.
Thanks.  I also wanted to find a museum to visit in the centre area.|Okay, how about the Castle Galleries?
Sounds great! Do they have an entrance fee?|You are in luck, Castle Galleries is free!  No fee to get in!
Excellent! What is the address?|unit su43, grande arcade, saint andrews street
Thanks! You've helped so much. Have a good day. Bye.|Thanks for using our service today!
I want a restaurant on the west end of town.|OK.  Are you looking for any particular type of food?
I don't care.|Are you looking for a particular price range?
A moderately priced restaurant would be good.|Do you have a cuisine preference?
No preference|How about Prezzo?  They serve moderately priced Italian food on the west side of town.
Can I please have their address and phone number?|prezzo's address is 21 - 24 Northampton Road, their phone number is 01799 521260.
Thank you, goodbye|Thank you for using our system. Good Bye.
I want a place that serves Swiss food.|I'm sorry that we don't have any swiss restaurants nearby.  I could recommend several other restaurants if you would like?
Could you please try restaurants that serve Indian food instead?|We have several Indian restaurants. What area of town are you interested in?
any. book a table for 8 people at 16:00on tuesday|Okay, I can do that. How about Curry Prince in the East part of town? It is moderately-priced.
Yes, that sounds good. Please make the reservation for me.|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Reference number is : E4Q6Z78S. Can I help with anything else?
Sure, I'm also looking for a particular attraction called the holy trinity church.|What information are you looking for?
I need the area and entrance fee|No problem. It's located in the centre of town and is free. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, that is it. Thanks for your help!|Anytime!  Enjoy your visit.
Hello, I am looking for a moderately priced restaurant on the east part of town.|Do you have a preference on type of food?
I don't care.|there are three venues to choose from
ok, what are they?|curry prince and rajmahal which both serve indian food. And pizza hut fen ditton serves italian food.
Could I get the address of one of them?|Absolutely.  Curry Prince's address is 451 Newmarket Road Fen Ditton.  Is there anything else I can do for you?
Thank you, goodbye.|Thank you for using the Cambridge restaurant system. Good bye.
I am looking for a college to visit in the centre of town.|Ok, there are 13 in that area. Some have an entrance fee.
Can you recommend one please?|Downing College is very nice and they have no entrance fee.
Yes, I will choose that. Can you give me the postcode, phone number, and address for Downing College? Thanks|Postcode cn21dq, phone 01223334860, and address is on regent street.  Enjoy!
Yes, I'm looking for a restaurant in the centre what serves world food.|I'm sorry, but there are no foods in the centre that serve World Food. Would you like to try another area or a different type of food?
I would like a gastropub then if you have one open.|I would suggest The Cow Pizza Kitchen and Bar.  Great food.  It is located on Corn Exchange Street.
What is the price range?|It is moderately priced. Would you like me to make a reservation?
no, just give me the address|Sure, the address is on Corn Exchange Street, post code cb23qf. Can I do anything else for you today?
I do need to get from Stevenage to Cambridge on Saturday. I'd like to leave shortly after 09:45, if possible.|TR9024 leaves at 09:54, would that one work?
Yes, that would work out great.  I need to book the trip for four people.  Can I get a reference number too please?|Reference number is : 1QXKJN3D. Is there anything else?
No, that's all I need right now. Thank you so much.|You're welcome, have a great day and goodbye!
Is there an inexpensive restaurant which serves Scandinavian food?|Unfortunately, I haven't found any inexpensive restaurants that serve Scandinavian food. Would you be willing to look for a moderately priced restaurant instead?
yes, that is fine. Please make sure it's in the centre of town.|Unfortunately there are no  Scandinavian restaurants in that area.  Would you like to try another type of cuisine?
How about british food?|I have found four different British restaurants in the Centre area with a moderate price range. May I recommend Restaurant One Seven?
Yes, that sounds good, can I get their phone number?|The phone number is 01223337766. Can I help you with anything else?
I also want to know about taking the train down there.|There are many trains that are available, could you give me some more information on what you're looking for?
Yes I need to go to stansted airport from cambridge on saturday after 15:45. What are my options for this?|There is a train (TR7062) that leaves at 16:40, will that work?
Yes, that sounds perfect. Can you tell me the price and travel time, or duration, on that one?|Actually that one is sold out however TR2001 leaves at 16:40 as well. Travel time is 28 min and price is 8.08 pounds.
That should work as well! Please go ahead and book!|May I ask how many tickets you would like for that train?
On second thought, I will go ahead and book later. We may need more tickets for some guests we might have coming. Thanks so much. Goodbye.|Thank you for using Cambridge TownInfo centre.  Please remember us for all of your future travel needs.
Please help me find a restaurant that serves Italian food located in the centre. Thanks.|There are 9 restaurants to choose from. What is your price range?
I will need to have one that is cheap.|The one I personally recommend is zizzi Cambridge.  It's located at 47-53 Regent Street.  Would you like me to make a reservation?
Yes I need a reservation for tuesday please.|How many people will staying and for how many hni.
I need a reservation for 6 people at 16:00 for this restaurant. Please provide the reference number for the booking as well.|Ok, I was able to book for your party of 6. Your reference number is W0XP7TDX. Is there anything else I can help with?
Yes, I am also looking for a train from London Kings Cross to Cambridge.|Sure, I will need a little more information first. What day and time would you like to leave and your arrival time?
I want to arrive by 9:15, leaving on Tuesday.|The earliest arrival is 6:08 is that okay?
That will work. I need the departure time and the price of a ticket.|This departs at 05:17 and the price of the ticket is 23.60 pounds.
thank you. that is all i need. goodbye.|please contact us again in the future. goodbye.
Hi , can you recommend an inexpensive seafood restaurant?|Unfortunately, I was unable to find any restaurants that matched your request. Would you like me to look for a different food type?
How about Chinese restaurants?|Rice house is really good, you should try that one. It is located in Centre and is inexpensive in price as well.
Could I get the address and phone number for that restaurant?|Yes of course. The Rice House's address is 88 Mill Road City Centre and their telephone number is 01223367755.
Great, thanks. Can you also recommend a hotel in the north? I don't need anything specific.|I have 13 hotels in the north. Do you have a price range in mind?
The price doesn't matter.|all guesthouses in the moderate price range, when would you like the room for
I'm actually not ready to book just yet, but could I find one that has free wifi?|Yes, I would suggest acorn guest house
Can I  book it for 8 people for 3 nights starting on Wednesday?|Your booking was successful. Your reference number is BBXVMIT8. Can I help you with anything else?
I'm not sure ... let me check with my wife.|Well if there is anything else you need, we're here 24/7. Thank you for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Have a great day.
need a restaurant serving turkish style venue|OK, so you would like a Turkish restaurant. In what area would you like to eat?
Any area would be fine! Could I please get the address and postcode of a Turkish restaurant?|Anatolia is a Turkish restaurant at 30 Bridge Street City Centre, C.B 2, 1 U.J. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Thank you goodbye.|Thank you, goodbye.
Hi, could you help me find a restaurant called ask.|Ask is a cheap Italian restaurant located at 12 Bridge Street City Centre, and their phone number is 01223364917
Are you able to set up a reservation for 8 people at 16:45 on Tuesday?|Unfortunately, the booking was unsuccessful. Would you like to look for another restaurant?
Please try booking a different restaurant in the same area and price range.|I can book at zizzi bambridge at 16:45 on Tuesday for 8 people.
That will work.|Reference number is : WK5JKOHN. Need anything else?
That's all thank you for your help today!|You're welcome! Have a great day!
Hello.  Can you please recommend a Korean restaurant for me?|Little Seoul is a Korean restaurant in the epensive price range.  It is located in the centre area.
What is their phone number|the phone number is 01223 308681
What is the address?|Little Seoul is located at 108 Regent Street City Centre. Is there anything else I can do for you today?
Thank you, goodbye.|Goodbye!
i want some mexican food.|The only listing for Mexican food is Chiquito Restaurant Bar. How else may I assist you?
I want a restaurant in the centre and serves asian oriental food? What is the phone number?|We have four Asian oriental restaurants in centre.  What price range do you prefer?
I don't care.|Dojo Noodle Bar serves asian oriental food and is located in the centre of town.  The price range is cheap.
What is the phone number?|The phone number for dojo noodle bar is 01223 363471.  Would you like any other information?
No, thank you, that's all I need.  Thank you and goodbye!|You're welcome. Goodbye.
I want to find a cheap restaurant serving swedish food|I'm sorry, I can't find any cheap Swedish restaurants. Would you like to look for a different style of food, or increase your price range?
How about indian food?|There are three cheap Indian restaurants in the centre part of town, or Royal spice is a cheap Indian restaurant in the north. Do any of these interest you?
Yes, what is the address for Royal Spice please?|Royal spice is located at Victoria Avenue Chesterton.  Do you need any other information?
Thank you. Goodbye.|Thank you for calling us and please use our system again. Goodbye.
i am  looking for information in Cambridge. A a place to dine.|which side of town and what is the price range?
Moderately priced, in the centre of town.|There are 21 great places to choose from. Do you have a certain type of restaurant you are looking for? Perhaps Italian or European?
I want to eat Thai food.|There aren't any Thai restaurants in that price range in the centre of town. Would you like to try something else?
Let me know about your Italian restaurants.|Okay, I found two options for you:  Pizza Express and Pizza Express Fen Ditton.  Do either of those appeal to you?
book the one in the centre a table for 2 at 13:45 on thursday|I was able to book your table.  Your reference number is : OSAGFN8W.
Thank you. I will also need a hotel in that same area. Please, no guesthouses!|There are 3 options for hotels in the centre. There is one 0 star, one 3 star and one 4 star option. Which would you prefer?
I want the place with 0 stars.|Cityroomz has a 0 star rating with free internet, but does not provide parking. Would you like to make a reservation?
Yes, please.  For 2 nights.|How many people will be staying with you and what day would you like to reserve your hotel room?
Two for the same day. I need a taxi to commute between the two places to be sure it arrives by the booked time. The contact number and car type?|Your room is booked, ref #DOSETWFU, and a red Audi will pick you up and get you to the restaurant for that reservation. Contact number 07840525996.
I have the hotel and the taxi already?|Yes, that is correct. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Thanks, Those are all i need for today.|You're welcome. Have a great day.
you too have a great day|Thank you so much.
Get me a restaurant that serves european food.|There are several restaurants serving european food.  Would you like the west, center or south part of town?
i dont really care.|Which price range are you looking for?
Any price range is fine.|Cambridge Lodge Restaurant serves European food. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Could I have the phone number and postcode for that restaurant please?|The phone number is 	 01223 355166 and the post code is C.B 3, 0 D.Q.  Is there anything else?
No, thank you.|Thank you.
Hi, I'm looking for a cheap place to sleep, please.|What area of Cambridge will you be staying in? We have multiple hotels to choose from.
It doesn't matter, should be cheap and has four stars.|You're in luck, I have 6 guesthouses and 2 hotels that are cheap with a 4 star rating. Would you be interested in booking a room?
Yes, but the place needs to have free wifi as well.|I would recommend the four-star Alexander Bed and Breakfast.  It is a cheap offering in the centre and it has wifi.
do they have free parking?|They do, they are located in the centre. Would you like me to make you a reservation?
Yes, I am ready for a reservation.|I will just need number of people staying and number of nights and your arrival date.
Actually, I just need the address of the hotel.|Their address is 56 Saint Barnabas Road. Anything else I can help with?
I looking as well for a restaurant, in the same price range as the hotel. Located in the centre.|There are 15 different restaurants that meet that criteria, is there a type of food you're interested in to narrow your choices down?
pick one for me and book for 2 people at 12:00 on Wednesday.|Charlie chan is a nice place I will book it for you
I need a place to stay located in the west of town.|Ok, I have 4 results for restaurants in the west area,what is your price range?
Actually, I'm more concerned with a place to stay and I'd like it to be in the west please.|I have many choices in the west. Do you have a price range or amenities preference?
If it could be a 4 star hotel with free wifi, that would be perfect.|The huntingdon Marriott hotel is a good option.
Can you book it for me for Thursday I'm staying 5 nights. Only one person is staying.|You have a reservation starting on Thursday at the Huntingdon Marriott Hotel for 5 nights. Your reference number is X4HZQE2D. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I need a restaurant called the bedouin for the same group of people at 14:15 and I would need the reference number.|I have bedouin here. Which day would you like to dine?
I want to book it for 1 on 14:15 on Thursday.|I'm not showing it is available for that time. Would you like me to try again or try a different time?
Can you try for Tuesday?|Your table was booked for Tuesday, at 14:15. The restaurant will hold it for 15 minutes. Your reference number is B9DBXB04. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
That is all for now. Thank you for all your help.|Thank you for using our services.
I am hoping to find an expensive place to dine out while I am visiting.|We have quite a few options available to you.  Is there a particular cuisine you are interested in?
yes i would like scandinavian food|Unfortunately, there are not any expensive scandinavian restaurants in the area. How about another type of cuisine?
Eggrolls! They're good too - do you have any listings for Chinese restaurants?|I found one named 'the good luck chinese food takeaway' located on 82 Cherry Hinton Road Cherry Hinton.
Is it in the south? I need one that's in the south.|It is, as a matter of fact. Would you like a table there?
Yes, I would like a table there at 11:15. We will have 8 people. I'll need the reference number.|For what day will this be for?
I would like the reservation for Tuesday please.|Your reference number is QA74KS8I. Have a good day.
I also need a place to stay.|I would be happy to help you with that! Can you specify what area you would like to stay in?
I'd like to be in the same area as the restaurant that we booked please.|I've found four different hotels in the south, all of which have free wifi and parking. Would you like it o be cheap, moderately priced, or expensive?
Something in the same range as the hotel please.|The lensfield hotel is in the expensive price range, would you like to book a room there?
If the restaurant is a 3 star rating I will take it. Can I have the address and hotel type please?|The lensfield hotel is an expensive hotel in the south. The address for it is 53-57 lensfield road. What day would you like to book the room for?
I don't need to book it. Thanks for the help.|No problem at all!  Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No thank you.|Okay have a great rest of your day!
Hi I'm looking to find a moderate priced place to eat serving Italian food|What area of town are you interested in?
It doesn't really matter, just someplace really good.  I'll need a table.|I can set you up at pizza hut fen ditton on the east side, how many will you be booking for and what day and time?
Wednesday at 19:45 the table is only for me.|Reference number is : QRDN1YRX. Is there anything else?
I'm also looking for a guesthouse with free parking.|I could help you better if I knew which location or area of town you would like to stay.  There are several options.
something that is in the same part of town as the restaurant would be good.|Okay, great. And what is your price range?
Price doesn't matter.  Just something with the free parking.  Wifi is great but not needed.|El shaddai is a guesthouse in the center of town with both free parking and wifi. It is in the cheap price range. Do you want me to book a room?
i just want the address for now.|sure they are at 41 warkworth st
Great, thanks!  That's all I needed right now!|I think you will enjoy el shaddai very much. Have a great week.
This Saturday, I need to take a train from Ely to Cambridge.  Can you assist me?|sure, do you know what time you want to arrive?
I want to arrive by 11:30.|I have a train that arrives at 9:52. May I book it for you?
Please. I'll need 8 tickets.|Your booking was successful, the total fee is 28.16 GBP payable at the station. Reference number is : X3KOQ6Z3. Anything else I can help with?
Yes, I need a place to dine, preferably in the Centre and I would like it to have modern European food.|There are several options. Is there a certain price range you prefer?
The price doesn't matter whatever you recommend is fine. As long as they have a table for 8 at 15:30 on Saturday.|How does the Galleria sound, moderate price?
That sounds good! Could you book it for me?|I waqs unable to book that for you, Are there any other interest you may have ?
Would Thursday work better for the booking?|I'm not able to book that either?
Hmm could you try again maybe? 8 people at 15:30 on saturday. and if that doesn't work, then thursday.|Sorry, it looks like my system is still down. You may want to contact the restaurant directly.
Can you try again please?|For how many?
There are eight of us.|Sorry the system is down. Please contact the restaurant directly at 01223362054. Anything else?
Thank you very much. Goodbye|Thank you for your inquiry. I hope I was helpful.
I am looking for a place to go in the centre of town. I'm really interested in a theatre.|There are 4 theatres in the centre I recommend Mumford Theatre. Would you like the address?
Could I get their phone number?|Yes, their phone number is 08451962320. May I help you find anything else today?
I am also looking for a restaurant in the same area as Mumford Theatre.|What type of cuisine and price point do you prefer?
do you have any in mind? It really doesn't matter, as long as its moderately priced and in the same general area as the mumford.|The varsity restaurant comes highly recommended and serves international food. Would you like me to book it?
yes book for 3 people at 19:30 on friday please|Your reference number is UZNF1KZ5 and your table will be held for 15 minutes. Is there anything else in which I can help you?
Great, I also need a taxi from the attraction to the restaurant and want to arrive by the reservation time.|I have booked your taxi. Be expecting a yellow Volvo. Please contact 07732601077 should you need to reach them.
Thank you. That will be all.|Ok! Have a great day!
I would like a cheap restaurant.|There are ten cheap restaurants in the city; do you have a preference of area or type of cuisine?
I don't care.|Ask is a nice place, that is in the cheap price range. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Actually, I'd like one in south part of town. Is Ask in the south?|I'm sorry, but Ask is not in the south part of town. There are 2 restaurants in the south part of town and in the cheap price range. Would you like Portuguese or Chinese food?
I have no preference, please make a suggestion.|nandos is a nice restaurant in the south part of town and in the cheap price range.  Their phone number is 01223 327908 and they are located at Cambridge Leisure Park Clifton Way.
Okay, that sounds good. Thank you for your help.|your welcome. thank you for calling
Im looking for a restaurant in the north part of town in the cheap price range|The Royal Spice is a cheap Indian restaurant in the south. Would you like more information?
Does it serve bistro food?|No, I'm sorry. Would you prefer a cheap bistro in the north, or some other qualifications?
I would settle for British. I'd prefer moderately priced, actually, and location doesn't matter.|I would recommend Cotto. They serve British food and are moderately priced. Would you like their contact information?
What is the phone number?|Cotto's phone number is 01223302010. Is there anything I can help you with?
No, thank you, that is all I need.  Goodbye!|Good bye. Thank you for contacting the Cambridge restaurant system.
Goodbye.|Goodbye.
I've heard about Royal Spice, is it a very good restaurant? What is the price like?|Royal Spice is an inexpensive restaurant. I am not able to say if it's a good restaurant. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I would like you to book a table for me at Royal Spice for 6 people at 11:15 on Monday please.|You're all set!  I've got you booked with reference number TOQNLZH1.  Is there anything else I can do?
No.  I am all set. Thanks. Goodbye.|Thank you for contacting us and let us know if we can help you in the future.
I would like an expensive restaurant that serves vegetarian food|There are no expensive vegetarian restaurants. Would you prefer a different cuisine or price range?
A restaurant that serves british food will be fine.|Graffiti is an expensive restaurant that serves British food, Would you like their address or phone number?
Could you tell me the phone number of Graffiti?|The phone number is 01223 277977.
Thank you goodbye.|You're welcome. Goodbye.
Do any trains leave broxbourne?|There are 133 leaving Broxbourne and arriving in Cambridge between Friday and Wednesday. What day do you want to travel?
I wanted to leave sometime after 18:15 on Friday.|TR7648 will depart at 18:32 on Friday, arriving in Cambridge by 19:32.  Would you like to book a seat?
Yes please and can you send me the reference number. Thank you|Booking was successful, the total fee is 17.89 GBP payable at the station .
Reference number is : N4UPROAM.
Thank you so much.|Can I help you with anything else?
i am also looking for a moderately priced restaurant that serves european food.|I have 2 options. There is the Galleria and the other is the Hotel du Vin and Bistro. Would you be needing a reservation at either of these?
I need one that is in the centre.  Is either of those?|They both are! Would you like a reservation at one of them?
just make sure you get phone number, postcode, and address.|How many people will be dining and what time do you prefer?
Just for myself.|Galleria is in the center, phone number is 01223362054, post code is cb21uw and the address is 33 Bridge Street. Would you like me to book a reservation for you?
Yes, that would be great.|Will you be coming in on Friday? and what time would you like the table booked for?
Actually, that will be all for today. You've been a great help. Goodbye.|Thank you for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Goodbye.
I am searching for a Lebanese restaurant in the east part of town.|There are no Lebanese restaurants in East. Do you have another food type you would be interested in?
How about Chinese food? I would like to know the address, phone number, and postcode of the restaurant.|Yu Garden is at 529 Newmarket Road Fen Ditton, postcode C.B 5, 8 P.A. The phone number is 01223 248882.
Is that in the east part of town?|Yes, yu garden is in the east part of town.
Thank you good bye.|Thank You
That's all I need to know, then. Goodbye.|Goodbye
I need a place to eat that is cheap.|I have several inexpensive restaurants in different areas of town.  Do you have a location preference?
Yes. I want the center area.|i can recommend rice house that serves chinese food
Do you have any restaurants that serve english food?|I am showing nothing for english food in the centre area. Would you like to try something else?
How about some awesome Indian food. I need a table for 8 on 16:30 monday|i booked you at kohinoor. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : 1OB1SN34. is there anything else i can help you with?
Thanks for your help. In addition, I am looking for a Thursday train departing Cambridge, please.|There are 202 trains leaving cambridge on thursday. Where is your destination?
I'm looking to travel to Ely departing after 13:15 if possible.|The TR5225 leaves at 13:50 on Thursday. Would you like me to book you?
Yes, please book 8 tickets and provide me with a reference number|Okay I have booked that for you and the Reference number is FR546MZC. Is there anything else I can do for you?
Great, thanks. That is all for now!|Ok.  I hope you have a great day!
looking for an expensive restaurant|There are quite a few diverse, expensive restaurants all located in the centre area. I recommend the Backstreet Bistro at 2 Sturton Street City Centre.
Are there any in the east part of town?|There are a few, if you prefer British food, there is the Grafton Hotel Restaurant, but if you want Indian food, There is one called Pipasha restaurant.
What is the phone number and post code of Pipasha restaurant?|Phone number is 01223 577786 and postcode is C.B 5, 8 P.A.
Thank you, goodbye.|thank you, goodbye
Hello, can you give me some information on places to go in town?|Can I get the type of attraction you would like to go to?
I would like to go to a swimming pool.|I show 4 swimmingpools. Do you have a preference of an area?
No area preference in mind. Please get me the address and entrance fee - if any - for one of them.|i'm not sure about the entrance fee but i can give you the address for abbey pool and astroturf pitch
ok what's the address?|Abbey pool and astroturf pitch is located at pool way, whitehill road, off newmarket road.  Is there anything else you needed to know?
Yes, are there any seafood restaurants in the centre?|Yes, Loch Fyne is a seafood restaurant in the centre. I must warn you that it is expensive. Would you like me to book it?
Yes please I need it for 6 people for 14:15 on a Wednesday. I will need the reference number.|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Reference number is : PEY9RURV.
Thank you that is all I need for now. Have a great day. Goodbye|Have a great time in Cambridge.
I'm looking for a moderately priced restaurant that serves chinese food.|There are 4 chinese restaurants in your price range. Are you interested in a particular location to narrow down the choices?
I need a restaurant located in the centre please.|There are three options which are centrally located, would you like to try the Lan Hong House?
Yes, I would like to book a table for 7 people at 14:00 on Monday.|I have you booked at Lan Hong House on Monday at 14:00. Reference number is : ONOCCL26. Anything else I can do for you?
Yes, I'm looking for somewhere to play soccer near the restaurant.|If you are looking to play soccer, would I be correct in that you are interested in a park in the centre of town?
I'm sorry, no, I'm interested in a multiple sports attraction.|I'm sorry, there are no multiple sports attractions in the centre area. Would you like to look in another area?
Okay, what about a college?|There are 13 colleges near the restaurant. Do you have a specific one you'd like to visit?
No, it doesn't matter.|There are 13 colleges nearby, would you like to try trinity street college?
Sure, can I have their phone number please?|Of course! Their phone number is 01223338400. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I need to book a taxi for the commute between the two places.  can you book one for me so I arrive on time?|OK, a white Skoda will pick you up at Trinity College and get you to the Lan Hong House by 14:00. The contact number is 07340629776. Can I help further?
No, that's all the information I need. Thank you.|Thank you for allowing me to assist you today.  If there's anything else you might need don't hesitate in the future to contact us, we look forward to helping you!
I am good to go.  Thanks!|Thank you, and have a nice day!
Hello, I'd like some information on a train departing from stansted airport.|Sure, I can help you with that! What information are you looking for?
it should depart stansted airport and arrive at cambridge by 8:30 on wednesday.|There are 3 different options that fit your request. Which time would you like to depart, 05:24, 06:24, or 07:24?
I need to depart whichever train gets me to Cambridge closest to 08:30 am.|the TR0196 arrives by 7:52. do you want to purchase a ticket?
yes and I need a reference number please thank you|How many tickets will you need?
Nevermind.  I'm going to just purchase my ticket at the station.  Can you check for Swedish restaurant for me?|I'm sorry but we don't have any restaurants that serve Swedish food in the area. Is there another type of food you would like to try?
how about one with italian food?|recommend pizza hut city centre. it a very good joint.
Sounds like a plan. Can you book me a table for 6 people please|Sure thing what day and time would you like to go?
it will be for wednesday, 6 people at 12:00.|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.Reference number is : 63OVPORG.
Thanks for your help.  That is all I will be needing for today.  Bye.|You're welcome, have a great day!
I am looking for an Eastern restaurant, medium price|There are 3 restaurants available in the moderate price range in the East of town. Would you like to go to Curry Prince?
Yes, please. What is the address, postcode, and phone number?|Yes the Curry prince is located at 451 New market Road Fen Ditton with a postcode of cb58jj. Their telephone number is 01223566388.
Okay thank you. Can you tell me their hours of operation?|I'm sorry. We do not have hours of operation in our database.
OK, then that's all I need. Thank you for your help.|Alright. Thank you for calling.
I'm looking for a moderately priced restaurant in the east part of town.|I would recommend you curry prince, an indian place in the east with moderate price range .
Is there anything else you would recommend?  Can I have the address and type of food for it?|Would you prefer a different type of food?
Yes. What other restaurants did you find?|There are also Pizza Hut Fen Ditton, which is Italian, and Rajmahal which is Indian.
can i have the address of Pizza Hut Fen Ditton.|the address of them is Cambridge Retail Park Newmarket Road Fen Ditton
thank you good bye|thank you good bye.
Hi, I'd like to book a train to stansted airport from cambridge. Can you help?|Absolutely. Where will you departing from?
From Cambridge, which is why I asked the Cambridge TownInfo centre.|What day would you like to leave?
On Saturday.  Is there a train that will arrive by 15:15?|There is! TR7213 leaves at 05:40 and arrive at 06:08 it is 10.10 pounds. Can I book that for you?
No need to book it. Thanks. But can you help me find a cheap restaurant in the south?|Sure - The Lucky Star serves Chinese food and Nandos serves Portuguese food. Do either of those sound good?
The Lucky Star sounds good. That's all I need.|Would you like to book a table?
Can you also tell me the postcode?|Sure. The post code is cb17dy.
Thanks for your help. Good bye.|You're welcome. Please let me know if you need anything else.
Can you help me find a place to go in the centre?|My pleasure, there is something for everyone, we have over 40 attractions in that area?  What kind of activity do you have in mind?
Shopping and maybe a mini mall and I need address, postcode, and attraction type|I don't have any info on shopping sites but I do have info on museums, architecture, cinema and the like.
Where would you recommend?|I would recommend Cambridge University Botanic Gardens, located on Bateman Street, Postcode cb21jf.  It does cost 4 pounds to enter.  Phone is 01223336265.
Sounds good, thanks!  I'm also looking for information about a restaurant called Eraina.|Yes Eraina serves European food and is located in the center and is expensive.
Can you book me a table please?|I can assist you with that. How many guests are in your party and what date and time would you prefer?
Book it for 14:30 on Wednesday for 5 people|Your booking was successful. Your reference number is INFN2J8M. Is there anything else I can do for you today?
Thank you that is all I need.|Have a wonderful day.
I am looking for college attractions to go to in town.|How about Clare Hall on Herschel Road?
That sounds good. May I have their postcode and phone number?|The phone number and postcode is: 01223333200	cb21tl
Great! I'm also looking for a moderately priced restaurant in the north area of town. Can you help me with that?|Yippee Noolde bar is moderately priced, would you like a reservation?
yes, please - table for 4 at 13:45 on tuesday|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Reference number is : VHZUMK58.
thank you!|Do you need help with anything else?
That is all I need. Thank you for your help!|You're welcome. If anything comes up please return for help.
I need a place to stay, some hotel with 4 star rating and free parking.|great, i have 19 options for you!
I would like for it to be in the cheap price range and also offer free wifi.|Okay, I recommend Autumn House which is located in the east. Would you like a reservation?
yes, i would like to book that for 5 people, we want to stay 3 nights starting thursday|The room is booked for you!  Your reference number is: JZXS562J  Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
I am also looking for a cheap Indian place to eat.|There are 4 options. Would you prefer to eat in the centre or in the north?
I'd prefer the centre, please.|How does Mahal of Cambridge sound?
Do you have the phone number?|The phone number is 01223360409.
What is wrong with me, I also need the address and postal code, I dont know why I didn't just ask all of that at once.|Not a problem at all! The address is 3 - 5 Millers Yard Mill Lane, and the postcode is cb21rq. Anything else for you?
Yes, I need a taxi please to commute between the two.|Where would you be getting picked up?
That hotel we discussed earlier.|MAy i have a leave time ?
I would like to leave by 11:15 please.|A white Ford will pick you up at 11:15. The contact number is 07196946340. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
That's it for me. Thanks! Bye|Your welcome! Good bye.
Can you please recommend an inexpensive restaurant in the East part of town?|The best match to your request is the missing sock located at Finders Corner Newmarket Road.
What is the phone number and postcode?|Their phone number is 01223 812660 and their postcode is C.B 25, 9 A.Q.
Can you find a moderately priced restaurant in the east side?|I have 2 indian restaurants and 1 italian in the moderate price range on the east side. Is there a food type you prefer?
I would like the one with the italian food. Can you see if I can book a table for 7 people at 14:30 on tuesday there please?|I was unable to book a reservation at that time. Would you like to try another time?
How about either of the Indian restaurants in the same area and price range?|Sure, there are three restaurants. They are located at 451 Newmarket Road Fen Ditton, 7 Barnwell Road Fen Ditton, and Cambridge Retail Park Newmarket Road Fen Ditten.
I would like to try the restaurant at 451 Newmarket Road Fen Ditton since it's close by. Can you try a booking, please?|Booking was successful.  Your reference number is  80S3HGAN..  Is there anything else I can assist you with?
That is all for today. Thank you.|You're welcome. Goodbye!
I need a place to stay in the south of town.|i have a variety. if you can specify the price to narrow down my options
Moderately priced would be great, and I really need it to have WiFi.|Ok.  There are two options.  There is the aylesbray lodge guest house and the bridge guest house.  Which one would you prefer?
I think I'd like Bridge Guest House please.  Can you book it?|Sure. On what day, for how long, and for how many people?
We will arrive on Tuesday and stay for 4 nights. There will be 2 of us.|Booking was successful. and the Reference number is : 1JLMP6R2.
Great, thank you! We will also want to try a moderately priced Indian restaurant. Are there restaurants like that in Cambridge?|There are four is there an area you prefer to dine in?
The same area as my hotel.|Sorry there are none in the south.
How about one in the north?|There is one named the Nirala. WOuld you like me to book it for you?
Yes, please! I need a table for 2 on Tuesday at 16:15?|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : ND2O59QO.
I need a taxi to drop me at the restaurant by 16:15. It will pick me up at Bridge Guest House|I have that taxi reserved look for a grey tesla with a contact number of 07741826519.
that is great. thank you|Can I help you with anything else today?
No, that is all I need. Thank you so much.|Have a lovely day, goodbye.
I'm looking for an Indian restaurant in the centre.|I have found 9 results for an Indian restaurant in the centre area, do you have a price preference?
An expensive indian restaurant located in the centre please.|Saffron Brasserie is located in the centre area.  Would you like me to book a table?
No but can I get the phone number, address and postcode please?|Yes. The address is Hills Road City Centre. Their phone number is 01223354679. Their postcode is cb21la. Is there anything else I can help with?
Yes, I need some information about the train schedule. I want to leave on Saturday.|Sure thing what places and times would you like to travel?
I'm going to bishops stortford after work, after 21:15 would work.|I have two trains that leave after that time. One departs at 21:29 and the other departs at 23:29. Which would you prefer?
I would like to book the first one. Can you give me the price on that?|The price of that is 8.08 pounds.
Ok thank you for the information that's all I needed today.|ok have a great time
Hi, I'm looking for a train that departs on Thursday for Cambridge.|Where wouold you be traveling from?
I will be departing from Peterborough and I need to leave after 17:15.|TR8714 departs at 17:48 and arrives by 18:38 in Cambridge on Thursday.  Would you like to book a seat?
What is the total travel time?|Total travel time is 50 minutes.  Would you like me to book it?
Not right now, thanks. As I'll be in the center part of town I'd like to find an expensive restaurant there. Do you have any suggestions?|I certainly can what type of cuisine are you interested in?
Cuisine doesn't matter as long as it's expensive and in the centre. Why don't you choose one and give me the phone number, postcode, and address|I have the Cambridge Chop House postcode cb21sj address is 1 Kings Parade and the phone number is 01223359506. Would you like me to book that for you?
No, I actually do not need any further assistance today. Thank you, goodbye!|Okay, have a wonderful day, bye!
I'm looking for a restaurant that serves Indian food located in the centre.|Sure, there are several Indian restaurants in the centre of town. Would you prefer something cheap or expensive?
Could you get me a table for Sunday at someplace nice? There will be 8 in my party and we'd like to eat at 17:30.|I've successfully made a booking at Curry Garden! This is your reservation number PCMH26UY. How else may I assist you?
That should do it for today. Thanks a lot. Have a good day.|Thank you and have a nice time at Curry Garden!
Hi, I'm looking for a train that leaves on Thursday and arrives by 18:30|Sure, which stations will you be using?
from cambridge to stansted airport.|There are 13 trains that match your needs. The first train leaves at 05:40. Do you want a ticket on this train or one that leaves later?
No thank you that will be all|Glad I could be of help.
Actually I do need the train ID and travel time please.|Travel time will be 28 minutes for any train. The one closest to your arrival time is the TR5579, which departs cambridge at 17:40
Can you also get me the postcode for Nandos restaurant?|cb17dy is the postcode. Would you like to dine there ?
Thank you I will think about it.|Great. Is there anything else?
No that is it. Thank you.|You're welcome, have a great day!
I would like to visit Clare College. Can you give me more information on it?|Of course! It's a college in west Cambridge at Trinity Lane cb21tl with phone number 01223333200. The entrance fee is 2.50 pounds. How else may I assist you?
You've told me everything I need to know. Thanks!|You are very welcome. Thank you for using our service.
Im looking for a expensive restaurant in the centre. Can you assist?|There are more than 30 of them. Did you have a cuisine in mind? If you're in a mood for a gastropub I can recommend The Slug and Lettuce.
What an interesting name! Hmm, what do you have in the way of seafood restaurants?|Lock Fyne is what you're looking for. They're at The Little Rose 37 Trumpington Street. Would you like me to book you a table?
No thanks that's all I needed thank you for your help.|You are welcome. Goodbye!
Hello, I am looking for a restaurant that serves Thai food.|Would you prefer the centre or west part of town?
i don't care|Bangkok City is in the centre area and is serving thai food, is there anything I can help you with?
Are there any others?|There's also Sala Thong in the west part of town. They're located at 35 Newnham Road Newnham and you can call them at 01223 323178.
Perfect. Thank you very much!|I hope you enjoy your Thai food.  Goodbye.
I need a place to stay that has free wifi. I don't need parking though. Thank you.|I have 32 locations offering free wifi. Do you have a particular area of town in mind?
a star of 1 and in the North part of town thank you|I do not have any hotel or guesthouse matching that description
Okay, can we try one with a star of four?|The avalon guesthouse is four starts and meets your needs, would you like me to book you?
Yes, please. We will be arriving on Saturday and staying 4 nights. There are 6 people in our party.|Booking was successful. Reference number is:  M7X0176H. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
I need a place to dine.|What type of cuisine are you looking for and what area of town?
I want a cheap italian place in the centre|There are three options to choose from. I recommend ask.
Okay, can you give me the phone number for ask?|The phone number at ask is 01223364917. Would you like me to make a reservation for that?
No that will be all thanks.|Okay, enjoy your visit to Cambridge!
I need a room, can you help?|i got a long list. it will help if you knew the king of food you want
Well I want a hotel not food.|Which area would you like to be in?
I would like something in the east with 4 stars.|There are 6 choices, any pricing preferences?
I would like it to be a guesthouse.|The allenbell is a guesthouse in the east in the cheap price range and it has a 4 star rating. Would you like to reserve a room?
Yes, I would like to book for 8 people for 4 nights starting Tuesday.|I will book that for you now.
Please do so.|Ok, I was able to make a booking. Your reference number is XVPDCMK9
thank you that is all I need goodbye|You're welcome. Have a great stay!
Hello, can you find me a train to Cambridge on Thursday?|There are quite a few trains to Cambridge on Thursday. Where are you departing from, and at what time would you like to leave?
I would be departing from peterborough on thursday and want to arrive by 9:30.|There is a train that departs from Peterborough, arriving at 9:09. Would you like a reservation?
Yes. Can you make a reservation for 2 people?|You are all set on the TR9303.  The fee will be 33 GBP payable at the station and your reference number is 7M26SARU.  Can I be of further assistance?
yes i would like to find a place to eat too in the cheap price range and i want Spanish food|La Raza in the centre fits that criteria. Would you like a reservation?
No, no reservation is necessary. May I get their address and postcode please?|You can find La Raza at 4 - 6 Rose Crescent, postcode cb23ll. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
I'm all set thank you, goodbye!|Thank you and have a nice trip.
I would like the phone number of an expensive restaurant on the east side of town, please.|There are five restaurants in the expensive price range and in the east part of town. What kind of food would you like?
I would like Indian food please.|Sitar Tandoori is an expensive indian restaurant in the east part of town.
Is there anything else?|Pipasha Restaurant is in the expensive category and serves Indian food. It is in the east part of town.
what is there phone number?|Their phone number is 01223 577786. Do you need their address also?
no, thank you.  Goodbye.|Goodbye.
I'm looking for a cheap place to dine that serves danish food.|I did not find any results. Would you like to try a different cuisine?
I've got my heart set on Danish but we could go a bit more expensive, I guess.|I am sorry but there is no Danish food available in Cambridge. What other food interests you?
How about asian oriental food?|The Dojo Noodle Bar is Asian oriental and cheap. Would you like me to make a reservation for you?
Yes, for 2 people at 17:00 on thursday.|Your reservations were successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes on Thursday at 17:00 for two. Your reference number is P62W5TAA.
Thanks. That is all I need today.|Enjoy your dinner. Thank you for contacting TownInfo centre. Goodbye.
I am  traveling to Cambridge and looking forward to try local restaurants.|Okay, any type in mind?
The train I'm looking for should depart from Stevenage and be leaving after 16:45. Can you help?|Okay. You mentioned finding a local restaurant, initially. Would you like me to search for one? If so, what kind of cuisine?
I'm looking for something local. What do you recommend?|It depends on what your price range is.
Actually I am craving singaporean food, price is no object.  I would also like something in the centre area.|Unfortunately, there is not a singaporean restaurant in the centre of town. Any other preferences?
Do you have any asian expensive restaurants?|yes, there's a place called kymmoy.
Thank you so much for your information.|enjoy your stay in cambridge!
I'm looking for a guesthouse, I do an online business, so I will need free wifi.|There are 23. What part of town would you like to stay in?
a star of 4 and should include free parking in the North part of town|I have the Kirkwood House in the north.  It's located at 172 Chesterton Rd.  Would you like me to book for you?
Yes please book that for 6 people for 4 nights starting tuesday and give me the reference number on it.|Your booking was successful. The reference number is CX1Y5225.
Thank you. Are there any Chinese restaurants in the centre of town?|There are 10 Chinese restaurants in the town centre. What price range were you looking at?
I'm definitely looking for someplace cheap.|i would recommend golden house in 12 Lensfield Road City Centre. can i book for you?
no, just tell me the address and phone number.|The address is 12 Lensfield Road City Centre, phone number 01842753771
Could you also book a taxi for me from the guest house to the restaurant?|What time would you like to leave?
I want to leave the restaurant by 05:45.|So you want to go from the restaurant to the guesthouse at 5:45?
Yes, please, I would like a taxi from the restaurant to the guesthouse.|Ok I've booked you a blue bmw to leave Kirkwood house at 5:45 going to Golden House.  Contact number:07124998798
Cool, thanks for your help.|you are welcome and thanks for choosing us
No problem. That's all I needed too. So, bye.|welcome anytime you need use
Hi, I'm looking to book a train to Cambridge.  I need it to arrive by 14:15.|Where will you be departing from?
I will be departing from Cambridge.|Where are you going and on what day would you like to travel?
I am going to bishops stortford and traveling on wednesday.  Please reserve 3 seats and provide the reference number, thank you!|I was able to book the train, TR3844, for 30.29 total fee, which you may pay at the station. Reference number is 1PISWDKF. May I be of anymore assistance?
Also looking for an Italian restaurant in the West.|I have 2, Prezzo- moderately priced and La Margerita-cheap, which one do you prefer and when would you like the reservations?
Yes, let's go with La Margerita. I don't need reservations, thank you.|Is there anything else I can do for you today?
Can we book that place for, say, same number of people at 10:00 on the same day, please.|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : 78MCBK84. Is there anything else?
That is all. Thanks so much!|Thank you for contacting us and have a nice day.
I'm looking for somewhere to dine in Cambridge.|Did you have a particular style of food in mind such as British or Chinese?
yes. it should serve north american food and should be cheap|I have none listed for cheap,another price range?
That's okay.  How about cheap Italian food?|Sure, there are a number of Italian restaurants and pizzerias. What part of town are you looking in?
It should be in the center area.|Okay at the center I have three places serving Italian in the cheap price range. Would you like me to pick one for you?
Yes, please. Can I get their contact information?|The phone number for Ask is 01223364917.
Thank you that is all I needed.|Would you like me to book you a table?
I need the address and postcode.|tha adress is 12 Bridge Street City Centre with postcode cb21uf
Also looking to make a reservation at Archway House. 2 people,  2 nights starting from Saturday. Please make the reservation and provide reference number.|Your reservation number is 0KE0V11E, anything else you need?
Not for now, thank you!|You're welcome, have a nice day.
I am looking for a French restaurant.|There is one in the centre of town and one in the north area of town. Which one would you prefer?
North Part of Town|Restaurant Two Two is a French restaurant located in the north part of town, but it is pricey.  Would you like more information?
Yes, what is the address of Restaurant Two Two?|The address is 22 Chesterton Road.
Thank you, good bye.|Good bye.
Hi, I'm looking for information on a particular restaurant called Galleria.|Galleria serves European food in the moderate price range.  It is located in the Centre of town.  Would like to book a table?
Yes, please. I'd like the reservation to be at 18:30 for 5 people on Sunday.|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.Reference number is : ENOALFAV.
Thank you that will be all. Have a great day.|great day and thanks for inquiring with us
I would also like to find a museum.|Which area would you like the museum to be?
How about you just choose the one you like best and give me the postcode, entrance fee, and area information for it|Byard art is a museum in the south. It is free to enter and the postcode is cb21sj. Anything more today?
Please arrange for a taxi to pick me up from Byard art and take me to Galleria by 18:30. Provide car type and contact number too.|Booking completed!
Booked car type	:	red lexus
Contact number	:	07555424165
Great thank you so much for all the help!|Is there anything I can do for you?
That's all I needed. Thanks for all your help.|OK great.  Have a good day.
I need to find a moderately priced place to dine in the centre please.|Okay, I can help you with that. We have several great moderately priced restaurants. What type of food would you like?
Do you have any Lebanese restaurants?|We have ali baba which is lebanese
Okay. Could you book that for 3 people for Sunday at 15:00.|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Reference number is : R73U0ESJ.  What else can I do for you today?
That is all I need, thank you.|You're very welcome. Good-bye.
I would like a restaurant in the centre of town that serves caribbean food|no records match your request, I'm sorry.
How about modern european food?|We have Modern European in the centre area in several price ranges.  Do you have a preference?
The price range doesn't matter. Please suggest one to me.|The river bar steakhouse and grill is good but cheap. Would you like their address or phone number?
Of course|their address is Quayside Off Bridge Street and their phone number is 01223 307030
Thank you for your help. That's all I need.|You're welcome. Enjoy your dining experience.
Hello, I'm looking for a place to stay the night. I'd like a hotel, but nothing fancy, it can have zero stars and that's fine. Do you have any recommendations?|Cityroomz is a hotel in the city center with 0 stars. It's moderately priced. Do you want me to book that for you?
No, I don't need to book a room, but can I get their contact info and location please. Thanks.|Certainly. Cityroomz is in the centre of town, and their address is Sleeperz Hotel, Station Road, postcode cb12tz. Their phone number is 01223304050. Can I help with anything else?
Do they have internet?|Yes, Cityroomz has internet.  Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Yes - are there any restaurants serving international cuisine that are located in the center of town?|Absolutely! There are two in the area - may I suggest The Varsity Restaurant?
Sure is that in the moderate price range?|Yes it is! Would you like to book there?
Yes, please book for 6 people at 1330 on Wednesday. Can I also have the reference number as well?|Unfortunately, that booking was unsuccessful.  Would you like to try another time?
What about the other restaurant that serves international cuisine?|Bloomsbury restaurant meets your criteria. Would you like me to book you a reservation?
Yes, I would like to book a table for 6 people at 13:30 on Wednesday.|I'm sorry but I was unable to book you for that time.  Would you like to try another day or another time slot?
No how about trying another restaurant for the same time.|I'm sorry but there are only two international restaurants, is there another type of food you would like?
Could you try it for Tuesday?|I'm sorry, but I was unable to book either restaurant for 1330 on Tuesday either.  Would you consider dining a little earlier or later?
If neither restaurant is available for 13:30, can you try 14:30?  It's later than I wished, but I guess that can't be helped.|I'm sorry booking for both restaurants at 1430 were unsuccessful would you like to try another time?
Can you find me a restaurant in the centre of town that has availability for Wednesday at 13:30?|Yes, I've got the Bloomsbury Restaurant at 13:30 for 6 on Wednesday.
Great can you please book that for me, and give me the reference number|I managed to book your table and your reference number is 5ISFHKR3. Can I help you with anything else today?
That will be all today. Thank you very much.|Your welcome, have a nice day.
I am going to the east part of Cambridge and want to see a good attraction.|We have several, are you looking for anything specific?
Nothing specific as I am looking for recommendations.|How about the funky fun house?
No, do you have any other suggestions?|There is the camboats, and the museum of technology!
Camboats sounds interesting. What type is it and where is it located?|camboats is a boat attraction. It is located in the east. The address is the plough, green end, fen ditton,. Is there anything else I can help with?
i wanta restaurant in the east that serves gastropub food.|Royal Standard is in the east and serves Gastropub food, does that meet your needs?
Yes that would be great. Could you book that for me?|Yes when would you like to go and what party size will you have?
I actually don't need a booking. Can I have the phone number and address instead?|phone number-01223247877 you are welcome
I still need the address, and after that we need to talk about a taxi.|The address for Royal Standard is 290 Mill Road City Centre.  Is there any more information regarding the restaurant?
No I just need a taxi from Camboats at 11:30 to go to the restaurant.|You're all set! You will be traveling in a grey BMW and their contact number is 07991243906 should you need to contact them.
Thank you so much. That's all I need today.|Enjoy your stay. Glad I could help.
Hello, I'm looking for a restaurant in Cambridge that serves high Chinese food and is more expensive than it's competitors.|I have some here can I get what area you would like to eat in?
I don't have a preference on the area. Can you make a suggestion?|How about the Ugly Duckling that is located in the city center?
That sounds fine, can you book  a table for 3 at 11:45 on Wednesday please?|You are booked for Weds at the ugly duckling refs number is U1BCCKQX
Can I get the phone also please?|They is no phone information given, can I help with anything else?
Yes, i am looking for places to visit on the east side of town.|There are lots of attractions in the east! Do you have a preference for type?
I will like a place with no entrance fee and also a taxi that will take me from the restaurant to the place.|Okay, I recommend cambridge artworks. For the taxi, I will need more information on either departure or arrival time
What is cambridge artworks address?|the address is 5 greens road.
And can you give me the postcode?|Certainly, the postcode is cb13ef.  Are you still wanting to reserve a taxi?
Yes I still need a taxi please.|OK, and what time would you like that taxi?
well to commute between places.|A red honda will be picking you up in time for your reservation, the contact number is 07278810684, anything else today?
That takes care of my needs. Thank you, bye!|Glad I could help. Enjoy your trip!
Is there any chinese food around me right now?|Yes. there's a total of 17 Chinese restaurants in town. Are you looking for a particular price range or specific part of town?
I'd like something in the centre of town for a moderate price.|We have jinling noodle bar, lan long house and shanghai family restaurant, any preferences?
Let's go with Shanghai Family.  What is the address, phone number and postcode?|The address and postcode are 39 Burleigh Street City Centre, cb11dg. The phone number is 01223301761. Do you need anything else?
Yes, I'm also looking for a train to London Kings Cross on Thursday.|OKay, what time are you going to depart?
I can depart anytime, but need to arrive by 08:15 please|Would you like me to book that for you?
What is the arrival time and the train id for a train arriving closest to 08:15 in london kings cross from cambridge on thursday?|TR8335 arrives at 7:51.Will this one work for you?
yes, that will work. thats all the information i need. thanks. goodbye.|Thank you for contacting us and have a nice day.
Hello, I am interested in seeing the attractions on the west side of town. Can you assist me?|Clare hall	is a college in the west part of town.
Great.  Can you let me know the address and entrance fee?|The address is herschel road and it is free. Can I help you with anything else?
Yes, Im looking for a nice high end expensive place to dine at in the same area.|Is there a certain cuisine you are interested in eating?
Yes, I was hoping for Austrian food.|There is not an expensive Austrian restaurant in the area. Is there another cuisine you'd like to try?
How about  cheap price range ?|I'm afraid there aren't any Austrian restaurants in town at all, regardless of price. Is there anything else that could be acceptable?
What about an expensive Indian restaurant, then?|No indian makes me get the runs. How about pizza?
That's more information than I needed to know. I'm sure your supervisors wouldn't approve. I was looking for expensive indian food, please.|Well, don't say I didn't warn you. We have 14 expensive Indian places in Cambridge, what side of town are you looking for?
On the west side please|there are 5 places in the west. if you want a suggestion, my friends always go to tandoori palace.
do they serve austrian food?|No, there are no places that serve Austrian food, anywhere.
How about an expensive indian restaurant in the west?|There are a few available but I suggest the Rice Boat. Would you like for me to book a table?
No, can you just give me the address, please?|The rice boat is located at 37 Newnham Road Newnham.
Thank you.  That was all I needed today.  Goodbye.|You are welcome. Thank you for using Cambridge TownInfo centre to plan your visit. Goodbye.
I'm looking for info on a restaurant called La Tasca.|La Tasca is a moderately-priced spanish restaurant in the city center.  It is located at 14-16 Bridge Street.  The phone number is 01223464630.  Do you want reservations?
What is the price range?|The price range for La Tasca restaurant is in a moderate range.
And what's the post code that goes with that address?|The postcode is cb21uf. Anything else can I do for you?
Yeah, I need information about colleges in town. Can you help me with that?|There are 18 colleges in town.  Is there a certain area you would like to visit?
I will take the address, phone number and fee for the one you recommend|I would recommend Trinity College. They are in the centre of town. Their entrance fee is 1 pound. You can find them on Trinity Street. Their phone is 01223338400.
That's really helpful. Thanks. I think thats all I needed. Have a nice day. Bye.|Have a good day, goodbye.
I am looking for a particular restaurant|I can look it up by name if you are looking for a certain one, what is the name of the restaurant you are needing information on?
Please look up yippee noodle bar.|Yippee Noodle Bar is an asian oriental place in centre with a moderate price range. It's location is 40428 King Street City and phone 01223518111.
Could I make a reservation for Tuesday for 7 people at 13:45.|Reference number is : S9X5LQ1I. Do you need anything else?
Yes, I am also looking for a place to stay, that has moderate pricing.|Cityroomzs hotel is moderately priced and also in the center, would you like me to book it for you?
I need something in the north, with free wifi and free parking.|Oh yes I have many choices in the north that are guesthouses and two hotels with free wifi and parking. Do you need me to suggest one for you?
I would love if you could suggest one.  It can be so overwhelming.|How about the Acorn Guest House? It's price is moderate and it has both internet and parking.
What is the address and how many stars is it rated?|The Acorn Guest House is located at 154 Chesterton Road and it is rated 4 stars.
Thank you for the address and star rating of Acorn Guest House.|Would you like for me to make a reservation for you at the Acorn Guest House?
No that will be all thank you.|Thanks for using our service. Have a good day.
Hi. Can you help me find an inexpensive restaurant on the West side of town?|What type of food would you like?
I would like Indian food.|I have nothing matching your request.  Would you like to try another part of town or a different type of cuisine?
Any type of food, just cheap in the west part of town.|What about La Margherita? They serve Italian.
Is there anything else?|Thanh binh is located in the west part of town and is in the cheap price range.  Would you like their information?
Yes, please give me their address and phone number.|thanh binh is located at 17 magdalene street city centre and its phone number is 01223315232. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, thanks. That's it.|thank you and good bye
Need a train leaving on Thursday after 14:30|I found 195 trains that match your prerequisites. What is your destination?
I am going to London Liverpool Street from Cambridge.|Train TR3237 arrives at 17:27 and cost 16.60 pounds. Would you like me to book it?
No thanks, I'm not sure how many seats I'll be needing yet.|Okay. Just call us back when you do.
Oh, I am also looking for an African restaurant in the centre...North African, to be exact.|There aren't any in that particular area, do you have any alternative preferences?
Hmm, can you see if there might be an expensive restaurant that serves specifically "north african" food in the centre of town?|I apologize, but we are don't have any North African restaurants in this town at all. I do have an expensive African restaurant in the centre. Will that suffice?
No, if I can't get North African I'd really prefer something radically different. Chinese, maybe?|How about the Ugly Duckling? They serve chinese food and are located in the centre of the city.
Okay. can you book me a table for 7 at 11:00 for Thursday?|That booking was unsuccessful. Would you like to try another time?
Sure, can we try for 10:00 instead?|Booking for 10:00 was successful. Your reference number is XVUUCPBH. Is there anything else I can help with?
That will be all, thank you very much.|You're welcome. Have a great day!
Please help me find a restaurant called Frankie and Bennys. Thanks.|It is located at Cambridge Leisure Park Clifton Way Cherry Hinton
Can you book a table for 1 at 17:00 on Saturday there for me?|Sure!  I've booked it for Saturday at 17:00 for 1 person.  Reference number is 57BVL3K7.
Thanks, I also need a train going to cambridge, arriving at 13:00, please.|Will you be traveling on Saturday?
Yes. I'm coming in from leicester.|TR6210 arrives in Cambridge at 12:54 on Saturday. Would you like a ticket on that train?
What is the total travel time? And can I also get the departure time and a price please|That train leaves at 11:09 and last a total of 105 minutes of travel.
How much does this ticket cost?  Thanks for your help!|It is 30.24 pounds.
No thank you that will be all|have a nice day. bye
I would like to book a reservation at an indian restaurant in the expensive price range|You can try taj tandoori in the west.  Need a reservation?
No, I'm sorry that one won't work, are there any in the south?|There is a location also on the south.
Can you book a table for 1 at 14:15 on Sunday?|Booking was successful at taj tandoori The table will be reserved for 15 minutes and your reference number is : BNF7N69I.  Do you need any further assistance?
No thank you.  That is all I needed.|Have a nice day and thank you for contacting us.
I am looking for the restaurant Nandos.|Would you like the Nandos in the south or centre?
Anywhere, I would just like it to be Nandos. I would like to book a table.|Sure, how many people will be dining on what day at one time?
4 people, Friday, 15:45. But 14:45 is also okay. Please give me the reference number.|Booking was successful for the 14:45 time.  The table will be reserved for 15 minutes, reference number is : I915UV13. Do you need anything else?
No, I think that covers it. Thanks so much for your help!|You're very welcome.  Enjoy your meal.  Goodbye.
I am in the north part of town, can you tell me what cheap restaurants are around?|There's two places that match your criteria. One is indian food and the other is italian. Would you like the address of either?
I would love to know the address of the Italian place please, that sounds perfect!|Ok! The restaurant is called Da Vinci Pizzeria and the address is 20 Milton Road Chesterton with postcode CB41JY. Would you like to reserve a table?
Yes I would, I need it for Saturday for 5 people at 18:00 please.|The booking was successful. Your table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Your reference number is : 3MC54ZYM.  Is there anything else I can do for you?
Yes, I'm also looking for a train that will depart from Peterborough.  Can you help me with that?|Yes I can. Please tell me where you're departing from and what day and time and I'll get you some options.
Leaving peterborough and must arrive at least by 12:15, I'll need to book a table then too|Where are you heading to from Peterborough?
I am traveling to Cambridge on Saturday.|TR8494 leaves peterborough saturday at 11:19 and arrives in Cambridge at 12:09. Would you like me to book passage for you?
Can you book it for me and get a reference number ?|I'll be happy to assist with that, how many tickets would you like me to book?
Actually, let me get more information first. What is the travel time and price?|Travel time is 50 minutes, and the price is 13.20 pounds.
Thank you. That is all that I need.|Did you want me to reserve the train for you?
No that is everything, thanks for your help.|You are welcome, enjoy your stay.
Could you please find me somewhere to stay? I need a moderately priced hotel but I'm not fussy about parking|Sure, which part of town do you want to stay in?
I really like the north. It seems much more peaceful.|I have two hotels available. I'd recommend the Ashley Hotel. Would you like more information?
Is it a 4 star? If so, can you give me the phone number?|The Acorn Guest House is 4 stars. Does it need to be a hotel or can it be a guesthouse?
Either way is fine with me. What's the phone number?|Their phone number is 01223353888
I also would like to find Chinese food in the north.|Hakka and the hotpot are expensive, golden wok is moderately priced, any preferences?
no, could you just reserve a table for 4 at 11:45 thurs and I'll need the ref # too please|A table has been booked at Hakka. The reference number is WBYI96YH. Is there anything else I can do for you today?
No, that will be all. Thank you!|No thank you that will be all
I would like to find a European in the moderate price range.|We have 5 European restaurants. In what area of town would you like to dine?
I don't mind but I would like the place to be moderately priced.|Ok, I am going to recommend the galleria restaurant in the centre, would you like me to reserve a table for you?
Thank you. Can you give me the phone number and postal code too?|The postcode is cb21uw and the phone number is 01223362054.  Would you like me to book a table for you?
No, thanks. I do need some information on vue cinema, please.|It is located in centre and on the grafton centre, east road
Can i have their phone number please?|08712240240. Do you need anything else?
Can I have a taxi, please? I want to leave vue cinema at 14:45.|Okay and what is your destination?
We will go from the vue cinema to the galleria restaurant. We will leave vue cinema at 14:45. Please provide the contact number and car type after you book, please.|grey skoda is the car and the contact number is: 07851810998. May I help you with something else ?
No, that's all I needed today. Thanks for your help!|You're very welcome! Have a wonderful trip!
I would to visit a college in the west.|sure, i have 5 options for you
choose for me one that is good and get me the entrance fee and address.|I recommend Clare Hall. It's free to get in. The address is Herschel Road. Would you like any more information on it?
i also need a place to dine|What sort of cuisine are you in the mood for?
Indian food, in the same area as Clare Hall.|what price range do you want?
I would like it to be in the expensive price range.|We have quite a few indian restaurants in the centre may I book one for you?
Yes. Tuesday, 13:00, for 5 people.|Okay, you're all set.  I have Curry Garden booked for Tuesday, for 5 people, at 13:00.  Your reference number is: HW1ZTXBE.  Is there anything else I can do?
That is all I need. Cheers.|have a good dinner!
Greetings, I'm looking for a hotel to stay at on the southend.|Do you have a price range?
I would like it to be cheap.|I have one listing for rosa's bed and breakfast, would you like other information or like me to make a booking?
Yes, I would also like free parking and prefer a guesthouse.|I found Rosa's Bed and Breakfast matching your request.  Would you like me to book that for you now?
Yes please. Book it for 4 nights for 8 people starting this Friday|I have reserved your room. The reference number is 0L7YKIHN. Can i do anything else for you today?
I was also hoping to find a restaurant in the same part of town as the hotel.|If you are looking for an inexpensive restaurant in the south there is a Chinese one and a Portuguese as well. Do you have a preference for price or style?
The restaurant should be in the same price range as the hotel and  I would like a restaurant that serves barbeque food|There is only Chinese or Portuguese available
Tell me about the Portuguese restaurant|The restaurant is Nandos. I think you'll really like it. It's cheap and in the south area of town at Cambridge Leisure Park Clifton Way, post code cb17dy.
book it for the same number of people at 14:30 on the same day|Nandos is booked with the reference number 38RU5UDA.The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. May I help with something else?
Yes, I need a taxi to the restaurant, I want to get there by the booking time.  Nice car, no clunker please.|I was able to book the taxi arriving at nandos by 14:30.  It will be a yellow ford and the
contact number is 07126119012.
Great! Thank you so much!|You're very welcome! Can I help you with anything else?
No that is it. Thank you.|You are welcome, enjoy your day.
Can you help me find a restaurant in the centre of town serving Italian food?|We've got the Pizza Hut in the center of town that serves Italian food.  Would you like to try that?
Maybe... is there any other place that's cheap and serves Italian food?|There is also Pizza Express, it is an expensive restaurant, or you could try Zizzi Cambridge, which is a cheap option.
I think I will try Zizzi Cambridge.  Could I get the address and postcode?|Zizzi Cambridge is at 47-53 Regent Street and the postal code is cb21ab.  Can I help you with anything else?
Yes I am looking for a particular hotel called the Carolina Bed and Breakfast.|Carolina Bed and Breakfast is a 4 star Guesthouse located in the East. At a moderate price point it boasts both free wifi and free parking. Need more information?
I need the address for Carolina Bed and Breakfast.|The address for Carolina Bed and Breakfast is 138 Perne Road. Would you like me to book you a room?
No thank you.  I just needed the information for now.  Thanks for you help.|I'm happy we could be of service. Thanks for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre!
I'm looking for a place to eat in the centre of town.|There are a lot of great places to eat in the Centre.  Do you have a type of food in mind?
Can you look up greek food please?|I do not have any Greek in the Centre. Do you have anything else in mind?
What about Mediterranean food?|There's 3 restaurants that match that criteria. What's your price range?
My price range is $50 to $75 dollars for 2 people. I would also like something that is walking distance from my hotel.|The gardenia seems to match your criteria, it is the cheap price range and in the centre, as is your hotel. Would you like a table booked?
Yes, please. Can you make a reservation on Tuesday at 12:15? Table for 8.|Sure thing, I will work on getting this booked for you.
If Tuesday at 12:15 is not available, I would be willing to come earlier.|Done! Your table will be reserved for 15 minutes. The reference number is YKX6V4O8. Can I help you with anything else?
Thanks. I also need train information for Wednesday with an arrival by 16:15.|That won't be a problem, can you tell me where you're leaving from and traveling to?
It should depart from Cambridge, destination is Kings Lynn.|TR 9468 arrives at 15:58, do you need more information or a booking?
I need the travel time, departure time and the price per ticket please.|That train departs at 15:11. The total travel time is 47 minutes. The cost of the ticket is 9.80 pounds.
Thank you for the information. I appreciate it. Good bye.|You're welcome. Have a great day!
I would like to visit an attraction in the west area of town?|Sure, I can help with that.  What kind of attraction were you intersted in?
I am looking for places to go in town in the west and I need the postcode, entrance fee and phone number.|Queens' college costs 2.50 pounds. Their phone number and postcode are 01223335511 and cb39et0. Do you need anything else?
Yes please. I also need a restaurant for a nice, expensive meal. Near the college, at least in the same area.|We have several available.  What type of food are you interested in?
I have heard a lot about molecular gastronomy food and want to try it, any places like that around?|no we dont have such a place around. can i suggest a good place?
If there is no such restaurant, how about one that serves european food|Unfortunatley, I couldn't find european food.
just give me your best picks|How about a French restaurant?
Yes, please also make a reservation for 8 people.|sure, what day a time do you want your reservation?
Monday at 11:45 please.|I have Restaurant two two in the north of town and Cote in the centre. Which would you prefer?
Sorry, did you not understand me earlier? I said the restaurant needs to be in the same area as the attraction. Neither of those are in the west.|cambridge lodge restaurant will suit your needs and is located in the west. I'm sorry about before, there must have been something wrong with my computer. Can I book it?
Please. To reiterate - I need a table for 8 on Monday at 11:45.|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Reference number is : 5KFVOKBO.
Thank you - and sorry for any confusion. I appreciate your patience. Goodbye.|No worries, goodbye.
I am looking for a restaurant in the west part of town that is in the cheap price range.|There are two restaurants in the west part of town. What type of food are you interested in?
I don't care. Any type of food will be fine.|there is prezzo which is italian at 21 - 24 Northampton Road, phone number is 01799 521260.
What moderately priced dining options are there in the centre of Cambridge?|There are a total of 21 restaurants in the centre of Cambridge that are moderately priced. Any particular type of food?
I don't care, I'm up for anything.|The cow pizza kitchen and bar is a gastropub in the centre, would you like me to book a reservation?
Yes, 1 person at 12:45 Thursday please.  I need reference number.|Your table has been booked successfully for Thursday at 12:45. The reference number is 7YPXO1U2. Can I help with with anything else today?
I also need a train to Cambridge from London kings cross. I need to be there by 09:30.|The last train to Cambridge from London Kings Cross leaves at 07:17 and arrives at 08:08. Shall I book 1 ticket?
Can I get the train ID and the price, please?|Sure the Train ID is TR4016 and the price is 23.60 GBP per ticket. Would you like me to book a ticket for you?
No, thank you for your help.|OK, let me know if you need anything else.
I'm trying to figure out my eating options. Are there any expensive restaurants in the centre?|There are 33 expensive restaurants to choose from in the centre. To narrow down results, what type of food are you wanting to eat?
How about a place that serves canapes?|There are no expensive restaurants in the centre of town serving canapes
Aww, that's too bad. Do you have any that serve korean food?|Yes, little seoul is a great place for korean food.
Can you book a table for 7 people?|Yes I can, I need the day and time you'd like to go please.
How about Thursday at 19:15?|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Reference number is : 718ZBFFA. Can I help you with anything else?
I now need a train|I need to get a little information from you to book a train. Where are you traveling to and from and for what day and time do you need to travel?
The train should depart from broxbourne and should go to cambridge.|On what day and time do you need to go there?
I would like to arrive at 16:15 please.|The earliest I can have you there is 06:32. The latest is 10:32, with several options in between. Any preference?
Yes, I would like to arrive by 10:32 is 16:15 is not available.|Train TR2145 will arrive at Cambridge by 10:32. How many tickets should I book for you?
I would like to book for 7 people please.|I would be happy to book a train for you. Which day will you be travelling?
I will be traveling on Thursday.|Sorry it looks like TR2145 is no longer available, I will substitute with TR5687 which arrives same time. Booking complete 125.29 GBP payable at the station, Reference number 8XYHVB3U.Anything else?
No thank you that is all I need|thank you that is all good bye
I want to find a place that serves australasian food.|I'm sorry, but I'm not showing any results for australasian food in our system.
OK. Is there anything for modern european food?|There are several restaurants serving modern European food.  Do you have an area or price preference?
I don't care|darrys cookhouse and wine shop might be one you would enjoy.
Sounds good.  What is the phone number?|The phone number is 01223 505015. Would you like any additional information?
No thank you.  Goodbye!|Good bye.
Hi, I'm looking for information on the Autumn House. It's a hotel.|When would you be staying there?
On Sunday.  I want to make sure it's the place I'm thinking of first.  Can you provide me with information about the hotel?|It is a guesthouse in the east and is cheap and has a 4 star rating.
That's the one! Could you make a reservation for me? There are two of us coming in on sunday and we'd like to stay for 4 nights.|I have successfully booked your hotel. The reference number is QGZKE117.
Can you please help me find an expensive restaurant in the south?|Taj Tandoori is a great Indian place in the south. Would you like to know more?
Sure, could you tell me the phone number, postcode, and address please?|The number to call them is 01223412299. Their postcode is cb17aa. Their address is 64 Cherry Hinton Road Cherry Hinton. Anything else for you today?
That is all, thank you for your help|Enjoy your stay! Good bye!
I am looking for places to go in Cambridge. Are there any nightclubs?|There are 6 nightclubs in Cambridge. Is there a specific part of town you prefer?
I do not have a preference. Can you give me the phone number and postcode for one?|Club Salsa phone number is 07782218745 and the postcode is cb12jb, is there anything else I can assist you with?
Yes I am looking for a restaurant called the Ugly Duckling.|The ugly duckling is located in the centre of town. It serves chinese food. Would you like to book a reservation?
I would like to book a table for 5 people at 19:30 on tuesday please.|tuesday at 19:30 is not available, would you like another time or another day?
Can you try to book the restaurant for 18:30 instead please? And can you provide a reference number as well.|I have booked a table for you for a party of 5 at 18:30 on Tuesday at the Ugly Duckling restaurant. Is there anything else I can help with?
Can you provide me with the reference number for my reservation please? Thanks.|Oh yes. Absolutely. Your reservation reference number is 7ZPRZE74. Can I be of help with anything else?
No, that is all. Thank you!|You're welcome. Have a nice day.
I want to find an expensive restaurant serving christmas food.|is there any area you prefer!
No specific area.|I have found no restaurants serving Christmas food in the expensive price range. Would you like a different type of food?
Are there European types of restaurants?|Yes, there are four: cambridge lodge restaurant, eraina, and michaelhouse cafe serve european food, with darrys cookhouse and wine shop serving modern european food
phone number and address of Cambridge Lodge Restaurant please|Cambridge Lodge Restaurant is in the west part of town, at Cambridge Lodge Hotel 139 Huntingdon Road City Centre. Their phone number is 01223 355166.
Thank you, goodbye.|Thank you for using the Cambridge restaurant system. Goodbye.
I need help finding a particular hotel.|Would you like to tell me the name of that hotel?
The Worth House is what I'm looking for.|Worth house is a guesthouse in the cheap price range in the north part of town.
All right. Could you see if they have rooms for 6, for 4 nights beginning Friday?|They do and the Booking was successful. Reference number is : ZN1NTVHW.
I would also appreciate it if you could help me find a cheap restaurant serving food from Corsica|I'm sorry. I'm not able to find any restaurants that fit your needs. Would you like to try a different food type?
That's okay.  How about Italian food?|There are a few. The Da Vinci Pizzeria is cheap. It's in the north part of town so it shouldn't be too far from Worth House. Would you like a reservation?
Yes, for Friday at 19:00 for 6 people.|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : XJ947G87.  Do you need help with anything else today?
No that would be it. Thanks !|You're welcome.  Have a nice day.
I am looking for an expensive Australian place.|I'm sorry. There are no Australian places in Cambridge. Would you like to try another cuisine type?
How about on one that serves turkish food?|Yes, the meze bar restaurant fits that description. Would you like me to book that for you?
Can you please see if they have booking available for 8 people at 11:00 on thursday?|I'm sorry, the booking was unsuccessful. Would you like me to look for another restaurant?
Yes,please and one that serves turkish food.|Sure, I've booked you at Anatolia, which also serves Turkish food, with reference number T70EAY2I. May I help with something else?
No, that should be everything I need.|Great. Have a great day!
You too! Thank you for your help.|Thank you for using our system!
i need information about attractions in the centre.|Certainly, are you looking for a museum, theater, college, nightclub or something architectural?
A nightclub would be nice|There are 5 nightclubs in the centre, Kambar comes highly recommended. Would you like more information?
Sure, can I get the phone number and postcode?  Also, I'm looking for a restaurant in the same area.  I'd prefer british food.  Can you please help?|The phone number is 01223842725 and the postcode is cb23qb. There are 7 british restaurants in the centre. Do you have a pricerange?
Thank you! The price range that I would like is expensive.|There are three choices for that price range, Fitzbillies Restaurant, The Cambridge Chop House and Midsummer House Restaurant.  Can I book one for you?
Yes please book one of your recommendation for Tuesday at 18:00 for 7 people.|Okay, I have successfully booked you at Fitzbillies restaurant. Your reference number is 740QI7VI.
Thank you goodbye|Thanks for letting us assist you!
I'm looking for a restaurant called the gandhi.|The gandhi is location in the centre and is cheaply priced.  The address is 72 Regent Street City centre. Would you like any other information?
Can you book it for 8 people on Sunday at 14:45?|The booking was successful for sunday. The reference number is LPVGJVZ0. May I assist you with anything else today?
I would also like to find somewhere fun in the middle of town to go.|There are over 40 attractions in city centre - lots to choose from. Do you have a type of attraction in mind?
Sorry, I actually wanted somewhere in the west|Whale of a time is a fun-filled, entertainment-type of attraction in the west. Do you want more information?
Sure, please provide me with the postcode and address|The address is unit 8, viking way, bar hill and the post code is cb238el.
Thank you for your help, that is all I need today.|Great, thanks for using Cambridge TownInfo centre. Have a wonderful day!
a restaurant in the moderately priced range, please|There is a lot of restaurants in the moderate priced range. Please tell me the area or the food you would like today.
Okay, would it help to narrow it down to the west part of town?  I am having trouble deciding what I want to eat today.|Meghna is an Italian restaurant in the west part of town, and is in the moderate price range.
Phone number, please.|Meghna's phone number is 01223 727410. Is there anything else I can do for you tonight?
Thank you very much!  Goodbye!|Thank you and goodbye!
Do you have any information on a restaurant called the Golden Wok?|Yes I do! It is located in the north and is at a moderate price range level. It serves chinese food.
Can you please book that for Friday at 13:15 for 3 people and give me the reference number?|It appears that time is unavailable at this restaurant. Would you like to book the restaurant at a different time, or possibly book at a different location?
How about 12:15 on Friday?|Booking was successful! Your table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Your reference number is EL18B6UX.
Thanks. Can you help me find a train to london liverpool street now?|What day and time would you like to leave for London Liverpool Street?
I would like to leave after 17:15 on saturday.|The first train after 17:15 is TR8824 which leaves at 17:59. There are two later trains that day. Would you like to book one now?
Not just yet, could you provide me with the travel time for TR8824?|TR8824 is to arrive by 19:27, making the duration of the travel time total to 88 minutes.
Perfect, thank you.|Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, that's all for today. Thank you again!|Thank you for using Cambridge TownInfo centre, have a great day!
I'm looking for the hotel called Kirkwood House.|What specific information are you looking for?
I'd like to get the address, hotel type, and price range please!|The kirkwood house is a guesthouse in the moderate price range. Their address is 172 chesterton road, post code cb41da.
Perfect, thank you.  Can you recommend a Mediterranean restaurant in the centre of town?|There are 3 mediterranean restaurants in the centre. The Gardenia had good food and is cheap, while the other to are in the highest price range.
Gardenia is fine. Can I get the postcode and price range?|The Gardenia is in the cheap price range and is located in postcode cb23ll.
Thank you for finding the Gardenia for me, that is all I need today.|Thank you have a nice day.
I am looking for a restaurant called J Restaurant.|J Restaurant is an Asian restaurant located in the city centre at 86 Regent Street. Would you like to me make a reservation for you?
Yes please, for 4 people at 17:45 on Saturday.|Okay, booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.  Your reference number is : CB27MMO8.
Thank you, I am also looking for a train, I need it to depart from Cambridge on sunday.|CAN YOU PLEASE BOOK THIS
Uh... you alright? I guess I can do it myself...|I'm sorry. I can book your train. Where would you like to go, and what time would you like to be there?
I'd like to leave after 09:30 on Sunday and go to kings lynn from cambridge.|There are 14 trains leaving every hour, with the first being at 10:11 and the last one of the day being at 23:11. Which would you like to book?
Let's go with the 10:11 train. I'd like to book for 4 people and will need a reference number, please.|I have booked the train from Cambridge to Kings Lynn for Sunday leaving at 10:11 and arriving by 10:58. Reference # 4LPYRWCU.
Alright, that's everything. Thank you for all of your help!|You are welcome.
I would like to find an expensive Indian restaurant in Cambridge.|There are many in Cambridge. Is there a certain area of town you prefer?
We are going to be on the westside, anything close by there?|Yes, there are 5. I think you'd really like tandoori place. Want more info?
Yes, can you see if you can make a reservation for me for 15:45 on Tuesday for 4 people?|Will you be needing a reference number?
Yes, please. And I could also use some help finding something fun to do in the west as well.|Your table has been reserved.  The reference # is G0843WFO.  There are many fun things to do in town.  What kind of things interest you?  ...museums, colleges?
Tell me more about the museum.|Cambridge book and print gallery is a wonderful place and there is no entrance fee. Will there be anything else today?
cambridge book abd print gallery sounds wonderful. Can I please have their address and phone number?|Their address is 49 newnham road	and they are located at 01223694264
Grat, cant wait to get there, ...wow.  I am actually all set now, that went much faster than expected.   Thanks for your efficiency.|Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Oh gosh, I'm so sorry. I must have forgotten that I need the postcode for the museum. Can I get that please?|its no problem. the post code is cb39ey
Thank you so much. That is all I need today.|thank you that will be all for now
I want to find a restaurant in the centre part of town and serves british food.|There are several British restaurants.  Do you have a price range in mind?
I have no preference. can i please have the address and phone number of one of them ?|Cotto is a british restaurant in the moderate price range and in the centre. Its address is 183 east road city centre and its phone number is 01223 302010. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Nope, that'll do it, thank you for your help.|Have a nice day!  thank you, goodbye.
Are there any trains arriving by 15:15 on Thursday?|I can help you with that. What day are you wanting to travel, and where is the destination?
I need to go to Broxbourne, I'll be leaving Cambridge.|Okay what day would you like to travel?
I said Thursday.|The TR0071 arrives at 14:01. Would you like to book tickets?
Yes please book for 8 people. I need the reference number. Also, I want information on a restaurant called Bangkok City.|Your train is booked, ref #46PQOV6Y. Now, what would you like to know about Bangkok City?
yes how did you know? lol. Can I have their phone number please|Their number is 01223354382. Is there anything else I can help you with?
That is all thank you goodbye|You're welcome. Thank you. Goodbye
I want to find out if there are any places to dine that serve Australian food in the centre.|Unfortunately, there are not.  Do you want me to run another search?
What about an expensive restaurant in the centre?|Sure I have many types of cuisine to choose from: African, French, Asian Oriental, British, European..any preference?
I'd be interested in any serving British food.|Okay, how about midsummer house restaurant located at midsummer common?
Sounds great. Please book me a table for Wednesday at 16:00 for 5 people.|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Reference number is : W3Y6OCL8.
Thank you, I'm also looking for a hotel with free parking and wifi. Can you find me one?|Sure i will find you one thanks i lot and welcome again
I am looking for a restaurant in the west that serves italian food.|There are two restaurants that meet your requirements. Prezzo is in the moderate price range and La Margherita is in the cheap range.
Can I get the address for Prezzo please?|The address for prezzo is 21 - 24 Northampton Road. Is there anything else i can help you with?
Yes, I'd like to reserve a table for 5 at 12:45 on Monday please.|Of course. I successfully booked you your reservation. Your reference number is A5FGTJTZ.
Thank you, that's all I need today!|You're welcome! Have a great day! Goodbye.
I am looking for an expensive restaurant in the east part of town. I would like the name and phone number.|grafton hotel restaurant serves british food in the expensive price range and in the east part of town.  and the phone number is 01223 241387
Thanks, goodbye.|Thank you, goodbye.
I'm interested in getting some entertainment later.|There are some entertainments available do you want the information?
Awesome.  Can you give me some information on local theatres?|There are 5 theatres one in the south and 4 in the centre. Is there an area you prefer?
Can you give me the address, phone number, and entrance fee info for the one in the south? I also need a restaurant that is moderately priced in the centre.|The theatre is called, The Junction. It is located at Clifton Way, cb17gx. The phone number is 01223511511. I'm not sure if there is an entrance fee or not.
Thank you.  Can you help me find a moderately-priced Latin American restaurant in the centre?|I was unable to find any in that area, do you have any other place you'd like to try?
Actually, let's try another kind of food. How about spanish?|We have La Tasca, at 14 - 16 Bridge Street. Would you like a reservation?
No but I would like the phone number.|The phone number is 01223464630. Is there anything else I can help you with?
That is all, thanks.|You're very welcome! Have a great day!
I am looking for a place to dine. The restaurant should be in the east and should serve swiss food|I don't have any restaurants that meet that criteria. Are you interested in something different?
No, I am only interested in a restaurant that serves swiss food and is in the east.|I am sorry but there are no restaurants in the east that serve Swiss food.
How about international food?|The missing sock will meet your needs. Need to book a reservation?
No, I just need the postcode.|The post code is cb259aq. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, you have been very helpful. Thank you so much.|Thank you goodbye
i am looking for an expensive restaurant that serves british food|Okay! I have found 6. What area of town would you like to dine in?
I am looking for an upscale, expensive one in the centre of town, please.|There are 3 in the centre. I recommend the cambridge chop house, would you like me to reserve a table there for you?
That would be great. Please make it for Monday.|What time would you like the table for? And how many in your party?
8 people at 11:45. I need the reference number please. Also, I need a hotel with wifi in the same price range as the restaurant.|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : ZXIBGEVS.
I'm also looking for an upscale, expensive hotel in the area as well.|How many stars are you looking for?
it absolutely must be a 3-star hotel|The Lensfield Hotel would meet your needs.  It's located at 53-57 Lensfield Rd.  Would you like me to book that for you?
Yes, for 8 staying 5 nights starting Monday, provide reference number. Also, book a taxi from hotel to arrive at restaurant by 11:45. I will need contact number and car type.|Your hotel booking was successful. Reference number is : 1Y395K30. As for the taxi, be expecting a white Lexus. Their contact number is 07735778206 should you need it.
Thank you for your help, that is all I need for today. Goodbye|Okay you are welcome.
I'm looking for a place to stay, I would need wifi, and would prefer moderate pricing?|We have acorn guest house that should fit your needs.
No, I'm looking for a hotel. It has to have 0 stars|There is cityroomz hotel, is the centre of town an okay area?
Is that a zero star place?|That is indeed a 0 star hotel. Would you like to book a room?
No, I am also looking for a Chinese restaurant in the same price range as the hotel.|The yu garden is a good place. May I reserve a table for you?
What area is it?|529 Newmarket Road Fen Ditton
What side of town is the restaurant on. Is it in the centre?|Yu Garden is an expensive place on the east side of town.
Thank you.  That should be all of the information I need.|Thank you, please contact us again if you need any other information. Have a good day!
I am looking for Cote restaurant.|Would you like a booking at Cote?
Yes, please. I need a table for 5 at 12:15 Saturday.|I'm sorry but the Cote was not available to reserve at that time. Can I help you find another restaurant?
Is there another restaurant in the same area and price range available?|Yes I have 33 possible choices, would you like them to serve the same type of food at the Cote?
Yes. I want to book a table for 5 people at 12:15 on Saturday.|I can check for british food or african if you have a preference.
Which ever is open then, thank you.|I was able to book fitzbillies restaurant, reference number is 4LXPUXO1.
Thanks so much!|You're welcome! Have a great day!
Can you please help me find a train out of cambridge that arrives by 19:15?|Ok, I am happy to do so.  I will need the day and where you are going to.
I am going to Peterborough and leaving on Monday.|Okay! What time of day would you like to leave? The train ride is only 50 minutes long. The last train of the day departs at 18:06, and arrives at 18:56.
Thank you, please book me for 7 people, and I will need the reference number.|Okay, great. Your booking was successful! Your reference number is 87VJOBNO. The total fee is 115.5 GBP that you can pay at the station.
Can you find me a moderately-priced place to eat in the center of town?|Definitely. Do you have a food type preference?
Is should serve Basque food.|It looks like there aren't any basque places in the centre area of town.  Would you like me to search elsewhere?
how about modern european food then?|Yes, there is a modern european restaurant available on Monday. Should I book it for you?
Can you just give me the phone number and address?|Yes, De Luca Cucina and Bar is located at 83 Regent Street,cb21aw.  The phone number is 01223356666.
Great!  That's all I needed!  Thank you!|Okay, perfect. Have a great day.
I'll be sure to call you if I need anything else.|Okay great. Good bye.
I'm looking to find out some information about a restaurant called Travellers Rest.|I can help with that, what sort of information do you need?
I would like to book a table on Thursday for 6 people at 13:30.|Booking was successful. Reference number is : 9UPU6TFE. Can I help you with anything else today?
I would also like to find a place to stay near the town centre that has a star rate of 0 that has free WiFi in the moderate price range.|Cityroomz has everything you are looking for in accommodation. Would you like me to go ahead and book that for you?
Yes, please. Can I get a reservation for the same group of people on the same day? We'll be staying 4 nights.|I've made you a reservation at cityroomz for 6 people starting thursday night. Your reference number is LDYHL4PR. Can I help with anything else?
Yes, I also need a taxi from the restaurant to the hotel. Can you help me with that?|When are you wanting to arrive?
I'm sorry, I need that taxi to take me from the hotel to the restaurant. I need to arrive at 13:30|Booking was successful, and it will be a red Toyota. Contact number is 07791600015. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Thank you! That's all I needed help with today. Goodbye!|Have a great day!
Are there any British restaurants in the center of town?|There are 7 restaurants in the center of town that serve British cuisine. Would you prefer one with an expensive, moderate, or cheap price range?
Is there such thing as cheap British cuisine? Where is that?|There is no cheap British food in the centre. Would you prefer a moderately priced one?
Perhaps. I'm also looking for a place to go .. maybe a park in the centre?|We have cambridge university botanic gardens. Could you like more information on them?
Yes please, can I have the address?|Of course. The address listed is bateman street.
Are there any moderately priced restaurants near the botanic gardens?|There are 4 moderately priced British restaurants in the same area as the botanic gardens.
I'm sorry - I'd really like the name of a British restaurant in city center, I don't mind what price but please do tell me what the price is.|OK, how about Restaurant One Seven? It serves British cuisine in city centre. It's moderately priced.
Sounds great. i don't need a reservation but can I get a taxi from Restaurant One Seven to the gardens?|Sure, I'll need to know a time frame for arrival or departure though.
I would like to leave the restaurant by 14:45.|Alright, I have your taxi booked to pick you up at Restaurant One Seven at 14:45 to go to the Cambridge University Botanical Gardens.
Can I get a contact number for that taxi?|Sure thing, it will be a black audi and contact number 07098094342. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I need the address and postcode of a cheap restaurant on the north side of town.|The address for Royal Spice is Victoria avenue Chesterton and the post code is C.B 4, 1 E.H. Royal Spice is in the cheap price range and is in the north part of town.
Than you.|Thank you.  Goodbye.
I would like a moderately priced restaurant that serves brazilian food|Unfortunately, there are no brazilian restaurants available. Is there a second food option you would like to try?
Is there any restaurants that have gastropub type of food?|Backstreet Bistro is a gastropub located in the centre part of town and in the expensive price range.
May I have their address and phone number please?|Backstreet Bistro is located at 2 Sturton Street City Centre and their phone number is 01223 306306.
Thank you goodbye.|Goodbye.
Are there any expensive Portuguese restaurants in Cambridge?|I'm sorry, no there aren't any of those.
Oh no, not even in the west part of town?|Cambridge does have two Portuguese restaurants, but they're both cheap and they're not in the west.
I really need something in the west. Could you try Indian food instead?|I have 5 expensive restaurants in the west side of town. If I may, might I suggest the Rice Boat. They are located at 37 Newnham Road, Newnham.
The Rice Boat would be lovely. I'll need a table on Friday at 19:00. It should be for 4 people. I'll also need a reference number, please?|Yes I got that for you and your reference number is UJWYM7ZY.
I am also looking for a hotel in the same area with zero stars.|I'm sorry, there are no matches.
Are you sure?  A 0 star HOTEL in the west side of time. Please check again.|No hotels or guesthouse in the west, can I try an alternate search?
Could you try looking for a guesthouse in the 4 star range?|Ok i have the finches bed and breakfast for you.
Okay, great. I'll need to book for Friday, 2 nights, and 4 people, please?|Done! Your reference number is 1FPC2TWB. Can I help you with anything else?
No, that's all I need for today.  Thanks!|You're very welcome! Bye!
I need a place to grab a bite to eat today in Cambridge.|kindly specify what bite you want
I would like a "chinese bite".|There are many Chinese restaurants in Cambridge. Do you have a price preference or an area of town that suits you?
Yes, I am looking for expensive Chinese food in the South.|I have found two great restaurants that meet your needs. They are the good luck chinese food takeaway and the peking restaurant.
Can you book me a table at The Peking Restaurant for 4 people at 11:30 on Friday.|I have booked your table and it will be reserved for 15 minutes.  Your reference number is N3JR257P.  Is there anything else I can help with today?
I'm also interested in visiting Sidney Sussex college.|okay. their address is sidney street. their phone number is 01223338800 and the admission is free. is there anythinng else i could help you with?
No, that is all I needed to know.  Thank you.|No thank you that will be all
I'm traveling to cambridge and I was hoping you could find me a train on tuesday that arrives by 13:30.|Where would you be departing from?
I am leaving from Stevenage|There is a train departing Stevenage on Tuesday that arrives in Cambridge by 12:43. Would you like me to book that for you?
When is the departure time?|It leaves at 11:54. Is there anything else?
Yes, Can you book that for me and send me a reference number?|I will book it for you,is there anything else I can do for you ?
I need to find a French restaurant.|There are two. Restaurant Two Two and Cote. Would you like me to book either of those for you?
Please book Cote for me.|What day would you like to go and at what time? How many people will be in your party?
Sorry, I got ahead of myself. I want a french restaurant but it must be in the moderate price range. Do either of those options match?|They are both in the expensive price range. Would you like to find another?
Yes, search for asian oriental food instead then please.|How about Yippee Noodle bar, it's the only one that is moderately priced.
What's their address?|Yippee noodle bar is located at 40428 King Street City Centre in the centre area. Would you like a reservation?
No thank you. I am actually all set now. Thanks, and bye!|Have a great stay in Cambridge.
I an you find me a 0 star guesthouse to stay in.|city centre north b and b and el shaddai are 0 star guesthouses. Would you like to book one?
well, i'd like to find a place to stay like a guesthouse with 0 star rating in the area of north that has free wifi, thank you.|The city centre north b and b meets those criteria. Do you want to book it?
Yes please, for 6 people and five nights on Monday.|Booking was successful. Your reference number is : 5Z9LQBDL. Did you need anything else today?
I'm looking for a restaurant called saffron brasserie.|There is a Saffron Brasserie in the centre. It is an expensive Indian place. Would you like the phone number?
Yes, please. I'd also like to know what area of town it's in and what type of food it serves.|Saffron Brasserie is in the center of town, and it's an expensive Indian restaurant. Their phone number is 01223354679. Would you like to make a reservation?
No, but I do need some information about a taxi between the two places. I'd like to leave the hotel by 16:30.|OK, I have booked you a taxi per your requested, the contact number is 07831714545, it will be a white tesla picking you up.
Ok, great. Thanks for your help, you have covered everything I needed!|Fantastic. Have a great trip!
Hi, could you give me the location of the Saint Johns Chop House?|Saint Johns Chop House is located at 21 - 24 Northampton Street, cb30ad, on the west side of town.
Great.  How about the phone number?|Their phone number is 01223353110
Could you tell me what their price range is?|This restaurant is in the moderate price range.
I am also looking for a particular hotel named leverton house.|What information are you looking for?
The address please.|They are located at 732-734 Newmarket Road, postcode cb58rs.
Thank you for the information on that.|No problem!  Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, I am looking to book a room at the Leverton House for 3 people and 5 nights starting Wednesday.|Your booking was successful. Your reference number is PY098GT4. How else can I help today?
No, thank you. That's all for now.|You're welcome, have a great day!
Hi I need a hotel that is in the east. I don't need free parking.|There are is one hotel and six guesthouses in the east. Would you like more information any particular establishment?
I would like the hotel if it has a 4 star rating.|I'm sorry, but there is no 4 Star hotel in the East. May check different area or guesthouse?
What types of guest houses are there in the east?|I have six, what price range are you looking for?
I am not particluar.|A and B Guest house is in the the moderate price range. It is on 124 Tenison road. Would you like me to book it?
Do they have rooms for 5 people. for 2 nights, starting Saturday?|Unfortunately no. Would you like to try a shorter duration, or maybe a different checkin day?
Okay, what about 1 night?|Yes, that did the trick. You're booked with reference number 0NDTR3EG. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I would love to try some french food while I am there. Could you help me find a restaurant?|There are no french restaurants in that area would you like to try something else?
I guess so. I guess maybe a good italian place would work.|How about Pizza Hut Fen Ditton? Would you like to make a reservation?
Yes, I would like a reservation for 5 people and book me a taxi that leave the restaurant by 16:15.|What day and time would you need that reservation to be? Where will you be traveling to with the taxi?
Just to commute between the two places.|Okay, your taxi is booked and the car will be a black bmw and their contact number is 07478029188. Is there anything else you need?
Can I please have the phone number and area for Pizza Hut Fen Ditton? Also, the guesthouse we booked is 4 stars correct?|It's located in the east. Their phone number is 01223323737. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, can you tell me if that guesthouse we booked has 4 stars?|Yes it is rated 4 stars.
Ok great! That's all I needed. Thank you|You are very welcome. I'm glad I could assist.
I'm looking for a place to stay in west Cambridge.|i recommend hobsons house located in the west with a moderate price range and 3 star rated. it has both parking and internet. you can call them on 01223304906. postal address iscb39Ih, 96 barton road
I'm looking for a two star hotel with free wifi. Is there anything like that in the west?|I have no listings, maybe a different star rating?
Maybe I could stay in the north.  Can you please look there for a 2 star hotel that includes free wifi?|There are none matching your criteria, I have several 4 star ratings and 1 0 star rating.  Would any of these work for you?
Yes I want  to book it for 8 people and 3 nights starting from thursday|How about the Avalon?  It is a 4 star guesthouse.
That sounds good can you book it for 3 nights for Thursday for 8 people.|Booking was successful. Reference number is : XGDP2O4H.is there anything else?
have you heard of cote? its a restaurant in town|Yes, Cote is a french restaurant, would you like me to make reservations for you?
no. i just want the address for today|Their address is Bridge Street City Centre.
Thanks a lot, that's all for now.|Can I look up any other information for you?
No, thank you. You've been very helpful.|You're welcome, have a great day!
Need a place to eat in the south of town that has moroccan food.|Unfortunately, there are no Moroccan restaurants in the south part of Cambridge. Could I help you find one with a different type or location?
How about one with indian food?|I have place. Oh, and it's a great place too. It's called Taj Tandoori. It's on the expensive side. They are in the south part of town. How does that sound?
Can I book a table for three people at 19:30 on Tuesday?|The booking was unsuccessful, do you have any other choices in mind?
Another indian restaurant will due, and I'll need my reference number too please.|I'm sorry, I checked every Indian restaurant in the city and could not find a table for 3 people on Tuesday at 19:30.  Do you have another time perhaps?
Can you try 18:30?|I was able to book Taj Tandoori for 18:30 on Tuesday. The reference number is 8L32ED7Q.
I also need a place to stay. I would like it be in the same area of the restaurant and with a 4 star rating.|I have the Aylesbray lodge guest house and Rosa's bed and breakfast available.
Are either of them moderately priced?|Rosa's is actually cheap and Aylesbury is moderately priced.
Does the Aylesbury have free wifi?|Yes it does, would you like any more info on the room?
Please book it for 3 people and 3 nights starting Tuesday.|Unfortunately their booked for that time, would you like to change the day for booking?
How about 2 nights?|I was able to book that, reference number is X2FC2VN3.
I would also like to book a taxi to commute between the two places.|I need one more information. Do you have a time preference of when to leave or arrive?
I will need to arrive in time for my restaurant reservation on tuesday.|Ah, that makes sense. I've booked it, a white ford should be there to pick you up. The contact number is 07803520714. Can I help you with anything else?
No, that will be all. Thank you!|It has been a pleasure. Take care. Good day.
I am in the centre of town and am looking for a restaurant.  Ideally it would be in the expensive price range.|We have many different types of restaurants that fit that description including Chinese, British and other styles. Any preferences?
Chinese food is okay are there any tables available for 7 people on Sunday at 17:45?|Perfect, I was able to book you a table at the Ugly Duckling, your reference number is IEFD0UBX.  Is there anything else that I can help you with?
I am also looking for a place to go.  I would like to go to a college in the same area of town as the restaurant.|Perfect!  Christ's College is located in the centre of town on Saint Andrew's Street and there is no entrance fee.  Their phone is 01223334900.
Thank you.  That was all I needed.|Great. Please let us know if you need anything else. Have a nice day!
I would like a moderately priced restaurant in the west part of town|Of course. May I suggest Meghna, an Indian restaurant?
Not really wanting Indian today. Anything else?|There is also an Italian and British restaurant.  Would you prefer one of these?
Could I have the address and phone number for the British restaurant?|Saint johns chop house serves british food, is located in the west part of town and is in the moderate price range. their phone number is 01223 353110 and they are located at 21 - 24 Northampton Street
and also postcode please|Their postcode is C.B. 1 7 D.Y
Thank you.  Goodbye!|Thank you, goodbye!
Hello. Can you help me find the address of an inexpensive restaurant in the south part of town?|There are two restaurants that are in the cheap price range and in the south part of town. Would you like Portuguese or Chinese food?
Chinese food|The lucky star is chinese.  would you like the phone number?
no, just the address please|The Lucky Star is located at Cambridge Leisure Park Clifton Way Cherry Hinton.
Thank you, goodbye.|Goodbye and enjoy your meal!
Caribbean food in the east part of town. If no such place, Indian.|I couldn't find any caribbean restaurants in the east part of town. I will search for indian restaurants next.
Great!  Did you find any Indian restaurants in the east part of town?|Yes, there are four options.  Two are moderately priced and two are expensive.  Do you have a preferred price range?
No.|the curry prince is in the east part of town and is in the moderate price range.  Would you like more information for them?
Yes, I'd like the address and phone number please.|The address is 451 Newmarket Road Fen Ditton. The phone number is 01223 566388.
Thank you goodbye.|Thank you, have a nice day!
I'm looking for an attraction called cambridge book and print gallery.|The Cambridge book and print gallery is in the west, it is located at 49 newnham road. The best part is the addmission is free
Can I have the phone number please?|Yes, the phone number is 01223694264. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, I need a moderately priced restaurant in the centre area.|Would you prefer British, Indian or Italian?
British cuisine would be great.|Saint John's chop house is a moderately priced British restaurant in the west part of town. Would you like me to book a table for you?
No thank you but I do need to get their phone number please.|The phone number is 01223353110. Can I help you with anything else today?
That was all I needed today, thank you.|You're welcome have a great day!
i am looking for a place to stay. The hotel should have a star of 4 and should include free wifi.|I have several, when is your stay?
Do you have one that is a guesthouse?|a and b guest house is very nice
book for  6 people and three  nights starting on thursday.|Booking was successful.
Reference number is : ZCRPOLK8. anything else?
Can you confirm a and b guest house is in the moderate price range, please?|Yes it is in the moderate price range, what help can I help with?
Okay, now I would like to find a restaurant in the centre that is also in the moderate price range|There are 21 options. What type of food do you like? Our restaurants are quite diverse.
Choose one and surprise me. And book it for 6 people on thursday at 13:15. I'll need the reference number|It appears our booking system is down. Is there anything else I can do for you?
Yes! What do you mean it's down? I need a place to eat!|Ah, it was just a temporary lapse, it is back up now.  I have you booked.  The reference number is K9PYGG5A.
What is the name of the restaurant you booked the reservation at? We will also need a taxi to get there from the guesthouse.|It was restaurant one seven, what time would you like that taxi?
I'll need it to pick me up from the hotel and arrive at the restaurant at least 10 min before our reservation?|A white bmw is booked for you. The contact number is 07793421858
Thanks! I'm all set now. Bye!|You are welcome and good bye
What train can I take to get to Cambridge from Birmingham New Street?|I have many trains that can get you to your destination. What day would you be traveling?
I need to leave on Friday.|I have not found any train that matches your info. Can I help you with anything else?
I need a train that leaves after 15:00 on Friday.|Where will you be going?
I will be going to cambridge.|How about TR9756, it leaves at 15:40. How many tickets would you like
1 ticket please. I am also looking for a moderately priced turkish restaurant located in the centre.|Alright, your train ticket has been purchased and the reference number is 41YRXR8G. There are also 2 moderately priced Turkish restaurants in the centre of town, the Anatolia and Efes Restaurant.
Going back to the train info, how long is the ride from birmingham new street to Cambridge? Then, I want to book the Anatolia restaurant for Friday, also. Thank you.|The train trip is 163 minutes.  How many people will be in your party for the restaurant?
It would be 2 people.|What time will that be?
I'd like the table reserved for 19:00.|ok I have reserved a table for 2 at the Anatolia and Efes Restaurant for 19:00. Is there anything else I can do for you?
Can you give me the reference number?|Certainly, the number is KRE2S785. Can I be of further assistance?
No, that is all I need for now.  Thanks so much.  Bye.|You're welcome. Goodbye!
Hi, I am looking for a British-themed restaurant in the centre.|I found several restaurants to fit your needs. Do you prefer moderate or expensively priced?
I would like a moderately priced restaurant.|Wonderful! There are 4 in the centre of town: Restaurant One Seven, The Oak Bistro, The Copper Kettle, and the Cotto. Would you like for me to book one of these for you?
Yes, please. I'd like a table for 8 at 12:00 on Saturday.|Unfortunately none of those are available, do you have another time you would like to try?
How about 11:00? And can I have a reference number for the reservation please?|It looks like Saturday at 12:00 is full for these as well. Would you like to try another day or time slot?
How about 11 o'clock?|You are booked at restaurant one seven at 11:00 with your table reserved for 15 minutes. Your reference number F3RVTNHQ. Can I help you with anything else today?
I am also looking for a place to stay, preferably a 3 star hotel with free wifi.|I found multiple guesthouses with those qualities. Would you prefer a guesthouse or a hotel?
Type doesn't matter, but I do need it to be a mid-price range place, and I need free parking.|How about Hamilton Lodge? It's a guesthouse in the north end that has everything you ask for.
Sure, can I book for 4 nights starting Saturday for 8 people?|Ok, I've got you booked for 4 nights starting Saturday for 8 people at Hamilton Lodge. Your reference number is ALE0J2X2.
Great! Now I need a taxi to get me from the hotel to the restaurant by that reservation time. Can you help with that?|I've booked a red honda for you. The contact number is 07213780681. Can I help you with anything else?
Thank you!  That is all that I need.|You're welcome. I hope you enjoy your visit.
I'm looking to have some European food tonight for dinner.  Something very traditional in the centre of town should be good.  Can I get a list of options?|There are 8 restaurants. Eraina, Michaelhouse cafe, hotel du vin and bistro, galleria, de luca cucina and bar, riverside brasserie, darrys cookhouse and wine shop, the river bar steakhouse and grill
Please provide postcode and address for Eraina.|The postcode is cb23rh and address is Free School Lane City Centre. Is there anything else I can help with?
No, that's it. Goodbye!|I'm glad I could help.  Have a nice day.  Good bye.
I am looking for a restaurant that serves indian food.|In what area of town would you like to eat?
In the centre of town please. I am looking to stay in the expensive price range.|Great, there are 6 restaurants that meet your criteria. I would suggest Curry Garden. Can I book it for you?
Yes, could you please book it for 6 people at 14:30 on tuesday?|Your table is reserved, ref# UQONY6CJ. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
That would be all thank you very much.|Okay, you are welcome. Have a nice day!
I am looking forward to try a local restaurant in Cambridge and I have clowns cafe particularly in my mind. Can you assist to book a table for me?|I would be happy to help you book a table.  What day do you need your reservation?
I would like it for Sunday.|I need some additional information before I can book the table. How many people will be dining and at what time?
Oh, I'll need a table for 5 at 11:45 on Sunday.|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : RMG9GA7O.
Thank you, I also need to find a hotel with free wifi.|I'll be glad to help with that. Do you have a preference for the area or the price?
some place in the north with a 2 star rating.|The Ashley Hotel on Chesterton Road meets that criteria. How does that sound?
Great, can I get a room for 5 people for 3 nights on the same day?|Done! Your reference number is IS1AYUCK. Can I help you with anything else?
Yes, are you familiar with any of the attractions around The Ashley Hotel?|I'm sorry, the computer system is currently down and I cannot search attractions for you.  Can I help with anything else?
No thanks.  I am all set. Goodbye.|good bye and have a good day
I'd like information on trains departing from Cambridge and arriving at London Kings Cross.|We have trains departing for Kings Cross every 2 hours.  What day would you like to travel?
I would like to leave Sunday and arrive by 14:30.|TR7447 leaves at 13:00and costs 18.88 pounds. can we book?
Ok.  Thanks.  That's what I wanted.|Does this mean you would like me to book the train for you?
Yes, Can you please?|Here is the reference number VHNBPCYY
thanks so much for all of your help|Is there anything else I can do for you today?
I need to find an expensive Mediterranean restaurant.|There are 2 expensive Mediterranean restaurant in the centre. Would you like a reservation for one of them?
Yes whatever one you recommend. I'll need seating for 7 people at 11:00 on Sunday please.|I would highly recommend the La Mimosa, I have you booked for Sunday at 11. The reference number is MZ1VEJL0.
Thank you that is all I needed.|You're welcome. Enjoy your trip! Goodbye
Can you help me find an expensive restaurant that serves Chinese food to dine at? Thanks.|There are 9 expensive Chinese restaurants in Cambridge. Which area of town do you prefer?
In the North, if possible.|The Hotpot and Hakka are both in the North.  Would you like to book a table at one of these?
Can I get the address and phone number of Hakka?|Yes the information for Hakka, 24 Milton Road Cambridge Cambridgeshire, +44 1223 568988.  Would you like me to go ahead and book your table and for what time?
Not quite yet.  But can you help me find a train fro Friday, arriving by 21:15?|There are several trains that day. Could you tell me where you are departing from and arriving to, as well as a time you would like to leave?
I would like to leave from Cambridge and with my destination being London Liverpool Street.  Thank you for your help with this.|TR5212 will arrive at London Liverpool Street at 19:27. It leaves Cambridge at 17:59, and the travel time is 88 minutes. Would you like a ticket?
I need 8 tickets, please. And could I get the reference number after you book them? Thanks.|I have booked your 8 seats here is the information:Booking was successful, the total fee is 132.8 GBP payable at the station .
Reference number is : WOEHJGD9.
Thank you, that will be all I need today.|Glad I could help, have a great trip!
I'm needing a place to dine. It needs to be an expensive Brazilian place.|Unfortunately, I don't happen to show any restaurants that meet that criteria. Would you like me to try looking for a different price range or cuisine type?
British food, then.|We have six. Do you have an area preference? Graffiti, on the west side, is popular.
All right, I'll try that. I need a reservation for a party of 5 at 11:00 on Thursday.|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.  Reference number is : P15GVV9V. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No that was all I needed, thanks so much, goodbye!|You're welcome! Have a great day!
Hi there, I'd like to find a good restaurant for tonight. I'd like somewhere in the city centre, and I'm willing to pay a moderate amount of money.|There are a lot of great restaurants that are moderately priced in that area. Which type of food would you like?
Somewhere that serves light bites, please|There is no place in that area that serves light bites. Would you like to try a different area or cuisine perhaps?
What about a restaurant that serves European food, but still in the centre and moderately priced?|There are 4 restaurants that match your request, would you like to book one of them?
No, but could you give me the address and phone number for your favorite one?|The hotel du vin and bistro is a great place, they are located at 15-19 trumpington street and reachable at 01223227330
Are there any places to stay in the same general area as the restaurant?|I have 33 hotels in that area. Do you have a price range that you would like to stay in?
I need to stay in the moderate price range, please.|I have the Cityroomz that is moderately priced. Would you like a booking?
Actually, could I just get its phone number and address?|Sure, Cityroomz is located at sleeperz hotel, station road and the number for them is 01223304050.  Is there anything else I can help you with?
Can we book a guesthouse in the centre?|Of course, how many nights will you be staying, and how many people will there be?
I will be staying for 5 nights and there will be 6 people.|What day are you starting your stay, please?
Starting from Friday. Could you book that for me?|I'm sorry I could not book for the time and length of stay. Would you like to change the day or length of stay?
Hmmm. How about two nights?|Would a cheap guesthouse in the centre area work?
That sounds fine.|There are two, but the Alexander bed and breakfast seems nice. It's rated 4 stars. What do you think?
Go ahead and book it, may I have the reference number please?|Your booking was suucessful for 2 nights Reference number is : D7B8XOEZ.. Is there anything else I can do for you?
I also need to book a taxi if we can.|No problem. What between which locations would need the taxi and for what time?
I'll need to go between the hotel and the restaurant, and we'd like to leave the hotel by 6:30.|OK, I've booked you a car. A black ford should be picking you up at the Alexander by 6:30, contact number 07373630564. Is there anything else I can help with?
Nope that is all I need today. Thank you for your assistance with all this!|It was a pleasure to help you today. Thanks for using our service. Goodbye.
I would like a restaurant in the centre that is in the expensive price range.|There are 33 restaurants in the centre that are in the expensive price range. What type of food would you like?
I am interested in Indian food please.|There are six restaurants that match that description. Can recommend one of them for you?
Yes please do.|The Curry Garden serves expensive Indian food in the centre of town.
Great can I get a reservation there for 8 people at 12:30 on sunday?|Sorry, there is no table available then. Would you like to try another time slot?
I think I'd rather try a different restaurant at my preferred time, actually.  You mentioned there are several others?|Yes, there's the Goden Curry, Saffron Brasserie, Panahar, and Curry King.
Great! Can I have the Goden Curry?|Sure, when would you like to make a reservation?
12:30 on Sunday. There will be 8 of us.|I apologize. I have checked all of the restaurants in the area and none of them can accommodate 8 guests at 12:30 on Sunday. Would a different day or time suffice?
I guess I could try 11:30.|Reservation booked with The Curry Garden for Sunday at 11:30am for 8 people.  Your reservation will be held for 15 minutes. Reference number is 6GRFMVDJ.
Thank you so much.|You're welcome.  Anything else I can help with today?
No, I am all set.  Bye.|Thank you. Have a nice day, goodbye.
I'm looking for a Chinese restaurant. It should be in the expensive price range, please.|There are expensive Chinese restaurants in every part of town, do you have a preference of area?
Yes in the south.|Ok, there are two. I recommend the peking restaurant. Would you like me to book you a table?
Yes please, could you book a table for 5 at 19:30 on Sunday.|Booking was successful. Reference number is : WO2Z8QS7.
Thank you. I believe that's all I need for today. Thanks. Take care. Bye.|OK, before I let you go, I just want to make sure that you do not need info on a place to stay, train or attraction?
I am looking for a hotel with free parking but wifi isn't a necessity.|I have many possibilities for you. Do you have a certain area or price range in mind?
I would like it to be cheap.|Do you have a preference of hotel or guesthouse?
Hotel please.|I found just one.  The Cambridge Belfry located on Back Lane, Cambourne.  It has a great reputation.
Can I have the address and postcode?|Their phone number is 01954714600 and address is back lane, cambourne.
i am also looking for a place to dine|Do you want a restaurant near the hotel in the west? Do you have a price range or cuisine in mind?
It should be in the same price range as the hotel.|I have two options for you italian food or vietnamese food. Which would you like?
I actually really want some Turkish food.  Can you find a place in the centre that is cheap?|i dont have anything that matches your description. would you like me to try something else?
Please check again for a cheap Turkish restaurant in the centre. If not, try Indian food.|I just don't see anything I would be happy to change location or type of food.
Hm is there a cheap turkish food restaurant anywhere in cambridge?|No there is not. Can I try a different price range?
Do you have any cheap restaurants in the centre?|Lots! Any particular cuisine in mind?
No, do you have one you recommend?|I would recommend j restaurant. It's an asian oriental restaurant and I hear the food is amazing.
Ok that will work. I need the address, phone, post code for that.|The phone number is 01223307581.
Thank you. I still need the address and postcode.|Their address is 86 Regent Street City Centre postcode cb21dp.  Would you like me to book you a table?
No thanks, that's all for now.|Ok! have a great day!
I'm looking for an Italian restaurant in the east.|There is Pizza Hut fen ditton. It's moderately priced. Would you like a reservation?
Yes, please. 1 person at 16:45 on saturday.|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : 37MP7UCY. Is there anything else I can help you with?
That was all. Thanks!|Thank you for allowing me to help you. Have a great day.
I'm looking for a restaurant that serves traditional european food, that's not too expensive or too cheap.|Galleria serves european food and is in the moderate price range in the centre of town.
Great that would be perfect for me, can you provide me with booking options for that restaurant?|I could book that for you if you let me know when you'd like to dine there and how many people will be joining you.
Actually, I don't need booking. I just need the postcode, address, and phone number.|Certainly. galleria, postcode cb21uw, address 33 Bridge Street, and phone number 01223362054.
That is all I needed. thank you. Goodbye.|Glad I could be of assistance.  Have a great day.  Good bye.
Can you assist me with the address and Phone number of ask restaurant in Cambridge. I need to try it when I Cambridge, its a local restaurant.|I would be happy to help. Ask is located at 12 Bridge Street City Centre. The phone number is 01223364917. Do you need additional information?
Yes, I need a booking for 8 people at 15:30 on Saturday.|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : 1YGHGSPT.
Thank you! Can you also provide me with information on a hotel called the Lovell Lodge?|Lovell lodge is 2 star hotel in the moderate price range, located in the North. It has free parking and wifi.
That will work.  Can you give me the address?|The address is 365 milton road. Can I help you with anything else?
I also need to book a taxi to commute between the hotel and the restaurant.|There are several taxi's,what will your destination be ?
i'm looking for the cambridge arts theatre|Good choice! Here is their address and postcode. 6 saint edward's passage cb23pj. Anything else I can help with?
What is their phone number and what side of town are they on?|They are located in the centre of town and their number is 01223503333. What else can I help you with?
I'm also looking for a restaurant called royal spice.  Can you find it?|Royal Spice is an indian restaurant in the north. It is pretty cheap. It's located at Victoria Avenue Chesterton. Do you want a reservation?
book a table for 3 people at 15:30 on monday|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : YFFSHC02. Is there anything else you need?
No, that's all I need. Thank you.|Great I have a reference number for you. It is YFFSHC02.
Thank you!  That's all I needed for today!|You're welcome, have a great day!
Goodbye. Take care.|Thank you. You too.
I am interested in seeing some of the attractions in town, particularly in the south. Can you help me?|Sure! Museum? Nightclub? Movies? You name it!
I have no preference, but you can suggest a Museum for me.|There are no museums in the south. Would you like to try a different area or different attraction?
That's too bad.  Can you find me a restaurant in the expensive price range in the south instead?|I have about 5 places to choose from. I have 2 chinese places, an indian place, an italian place and lastly a place that serves delicious Mexican food.
I would like Indian food.|Very good choice.  The taj tandoori restaurant is located at 64 cherry hinton road cherry hinton.  Phone number is 01223412299 and post code is cb17aa.  Anything else?
I will like to book that for 5 people at 11:15 on Saturday.  I also really need that information on an attraction in the South.  Just something fun.|i have booked. Reference number is : 8JWW36ZA.anything else i can do for you?
I'm going to need a taxi to get between the two places.  Can you help with that?|To book you a taxi, i will need to know where will you be departing from.
I'll be going to the restaurant.|I would need to know which two places you need to get to with the taxi. You only made restaurant reservations. You mentioned an attraction but never completed.
That's because you never got back to me, you forgot first. I want to go somewhere in the south but I'm not familiar with the town, what do you recommend?|Byard art is a very popular museum with both tourists and locals in the south part of town. Would you like me to book the taxi from here?
Yes, please, and can I also get a contact number and what type of car will arrive?|Ok in order to book a taxi I need the travel time, departure location and arrival destination.
Book taxi to go to  taj tandoori restaurant.  I need to arrive by 11:15 on Saturday.|Where do you want to be picked up?
Ok I need to firm up a attraction to visit then that will be my pick up location.|Ok, what type of attraction are you looking for?
What do you recommend in the south?|I highly suggest a nightclub called The Place.
Ok great. I will need the phone number, address and postcode.|The phone number is 01223324600.
Great. Now I would like taxi from the attraction to the restaurant to arrive by 11:15.|A blue tesla will be picking you up at The Place and dropping you at Taj Tandoori at 11:15. The contact number is 	07648510373
Great, Thank you so much.  That is all I need.|Can you book it for me and get a reference number ?
Please find me a train that leaves on Monday after 08:45|Where are you going or coming from?
I will be leaving Cambridge and heading to Ely.|Is there a certain time you need to arrive by?
I just need to leave after 08:45|The TR8399 leaves from Cambridge on  Monday at 09:50. Shall I book that for you?
yes, for 2 people. Please give me the reference number.|You have 2 seats reserved, and you'll pay 8.8 GBP at the station. Your reference number is 90RLYZKX. Can I help you with anything else?
I am  looking for a restaurant. The restaurant should be in the centre and should be in the moderate price range.|There are 21 restaurants in the centre. Do you have a certain type of food you'd prefer?
I don't have a food preference.|Would you like British food?
Sure, that works for me. I need the phone number, postcode, and address for the restaurant.|Cotto is a great british restaurant located on 183 East Road City Centre. Their postcode is cb11bg and phone number is 01223302010. Is there anything else you need?
Oh that's great. That would be all, thank you.|Thank you for using our service today.
I'm looking for information on the Vue Cinema please?|It is located at The Grafton Center East Road
Could you give me the phone number?|The phone number is 08712240240.
Can you also please find an expensive restaurant in the centre.|Is there a type of food you would like?
No any restaurant would be okay I just need the type of food they serve.|How about the midsummer house restaurant?  It is located at Midsummer common in the centre.
what type of food do they serve?|They serve British food.  Will that work for you?
Yes British food is fine,can you reserve a table ?|Sure, for how many people?
Sorry, you know what, I'll just walk in and demand they seat me. That also works out so well. That's all I need today, thanks!|thank you. enjoy your stay.
I'm looking for a restaurant. The restaurant should be in the cheap price range and should be in the north.|Okay I have pulled up two matches. An indian restaurant and an italian restaurant.
What is the name and location of the Italian restaurant in the North?|Da Vinci Pizza, 20 Milon Road Chesterton. What else may I help you with?
That's all.  Thanks.|You're very welcome! Have fun!
I'm looking for a restaurant called Loch Fyne. Can you tell me a bit about it?|Yes. They're a restaurant in the city centre, known for their seafood. The prices can be quite steep, however. Would you like me to book you a table?
Yes for 8 people at 19:00 on tuesday|I've successfully reserved your table, and they'll hold it for 15 minutes for you. The reference number is LWEOGZJM. Can I help you with anything else right now?
Thank you for the booking. I am also interested in local artists. Are there any museums in the centre of town?|Yes there is the Cambridge Contemporary Art Museum in that part of town. Would you like more information about it?
Can I get their phone number to contact them please?|Sure. The phone number is 01223324222.
Great, do you have any other museums in that part of town as well?|Yes I have 10 other museums listed in my database for that area. Would you like more information regarding one in particular?
Can you please recommend one and provide the phone number|How about the broughton house gallery and its phone number is 01223314960.
Thank you for the information, that's all I need today.|You're welcome. Enjoy!
I want to find a cheap restaurant in the east part of town. What is the address and postcode?|The Missing Sock fits your criteria. It is on Finders Corner Newmarket Road, Postode isC.B 25, 9 A.Q
Thank you, goodbye.|Thank you.
Can you tell me the address to a Chinese restaurant in Cambridge?|There are several Chinese restaurants in town. Which specific part of town are you interested in?
I am looking for one on the east side. However I need a indian restaurant not chinese.|Sorry about that. I have 4 Indian restaurants on the east side. Do you have a price range you'd like to stay within?
any price range is ok.  I am also looking for places to go in town. The attraction should be in the type of college|i do not have a place by your description. can we change location?
Let's actually find an Indian restaurant first.  What areas of town have indian places?|There are Indian restaurants in the centre, south, east, north, and west.  Do you have an area preference?
Preferably in the east. Would like the phone number. Also looking for colleges to visit and need to book a taxi for 1:15. I will need the number and car type.|I can help with all of those but first let's find a restaurant for you. Do you have a price range? There's 2 moderate and 2 expensive restaurants.
Price doesn't matter. What restaurant do you recommend?|Okay, how about curry prince? It is moderately priced and located in the east. Their phone number is 01223566388
Sounds good. Could you give me an idea of colleges I can visit whilst in Cambridge?|sure there's corpus christi, located in the centre and clare hall which is in the west.
Sure, let's do Corpus Christi. Could you get me a taxi from the restaurant to the college?|At what time would you like to leave the restaurant?
I want to leave the restaurant by 1:15.|Your booking is completed. A black skoda will be picking you up, their contact number is 07824442963.  Can I help with anything else today?
No thank you that is all.|If you need anything else, please call us back. Have a great trip to Cambridge! Goodbye.
Don't care about price, just looking for thai food.|there is Bangkok city which serves Thai food. Is there anything else I can help you with?
What is the address and phone number?|The phone number for Bangkok city is 01223 354382 and the address is 24 Green Street City Centre.
Thank you, goodbye.|Thank you, goodbye!
I am looking for information on a restaurant, the name of the place is ask.  Can you tell me about it?|Yes sure. their address is 12 Bridge Street City Centre and their telephone number and postcode are 01223364917 and cb21uf respectively. Is there anything else you need to know?
What side of town are they in?|Ask is located in the city centre.
Great, thanks. Can I also get some information on Hobsons House hotel?|Sure thing it is a moderately priced guesthouse.
Could you provide me with their phone number and star rating please?|The phone number is 01223304906 and the stars is 3
Thank you. I'd like to book a taxi from the hotel to the restaurant. It needs to leave the hotel by 20:00.|Okay. We have you booked with a car that's a grey Skoda. The contact number is 07764280286.
That is all I need. Thank you so much for your help.|Yeah any time let us know if you need anything else.
Okay great. Bye now!|Sorry I forgot to hang up. Good bye now.
I'm looking for the information on a restaurant named Rajmahal, could you provide me their info?|Sure. Their phone is 01223244955, postcode cb58rg, and address is 7 Barnwell Road Fen Ditton. Is there anything else I can help with?
Can you book a table for 7 at 17:15 this Saturday?|Yes I have you booked for 7 people and your reference number is 1U0TF4XA.
Wonderful, thanks. That's all I need.|You're welcome. Have a great day!
Hello, can you show me any moderately-priced restaurants in the Centre of town, please?|Yes, there are over 20 of various types, do you have any type of food that you are craving?
I am looking for Thai food.|I'm sorry, there isn't a Thai restaurant there.  Any other ideas?
What about asian oriental?|Yippee Noodle Bar meets your criteria. Would you like to book a table?
Yes a table for four. Thank you|What time and day were you plan on eating at the Yippee Noodle Bar?
Actually, I don't need a reserved table after all. But, can I get their phone number please?|Sure, the number is 01223518111. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Yes, can you tell what parks are good in town?|I sure can.  There are five parks in town.  Would you prefer to visit one in a particular part of town or are you open on the location?
Whatever park you think is the best one.|I like sheep's green and lammas land park fen causeway, because I can pet all of the nice soft pretty animals.  Would you like to play with the animals too?
That sounds like it'll be fun to visit. What is the entrance fee, address, and phone number?|The free park is located at fen causeway, newnham road. The telephone number is 01223302580. May I help with anything else?
No.  All set. Thanks.|Have a great day.
Hi! I am looking for a turkish food restaurant around the centre.|There are 3 Turkish restaurants in the centre. Would you prefer expensive or moderate price range?
Moderate price range would be fine. Could you pick the shortest name and tell me the address?|Anatolia is located at 30 Bridge Street City Centre.
Thank you!  I am also looking for a 5 star hotel.|There are no 5 star hotels, do you want to choose something else
Yes, can you find a place for me with free wifi in the moderate price range?|What other star option would you like ?
How about a 4 star rating?|I don't have a 4 star in the moderate price range. Would you like me to look in a different price range?
You don't have any 4 stars in the moderate price range in any area?|No I'm sorry we don't have anything matching those criteria.
There are literally no 4 star accommodations of any kind with moderate price and wifi in all of Cambridge? I find that very hard to believe!|Sorry, you are right. We actually have 11 to choose from.
I would like to book one starting Friday.|I have begun a booking for you at Avalon. How many days will you be staying?
I will arrive Friday and be there for 2 nights.|And how many people will be staying?
It will be for 3 people and2 nights.|You are set, the reference number is YQBMMCJ6, any other questions?
No I think that is all, thank you.|I hope you enjoy your stay. Contact us anytime. Good bye.
Howdy! I'm looking to visit some colleges in the city centre if there are any. Preferably ones near food.|Would you like a free one or a paid entry one?
I am ok with either option.  Choose one you think I would enjoy and let me know the address and postcode.|How about the Christ's College in the Center located on Saint Andrew's Street, postcode cb23bu. It has free admission.
That sounds fine.  Does it have actually street address?|That is the only address information I have, but if you have trouble finding them, you could call them at 01223334900.
Ok.  Could you help me find an Indian restaurant around there which serves Indian food,|I have 9 indian restaurants in the centre. Is there a price range you would like?
No preference for price range, but would like to have availability on Saturday.|I would suggest Curry Garden. If you tell me the time you would like booked and how many will be in your party, I'll check availability for you.
Please book a table for 3 at 15:30 on Saturday.|Great! Your reference number is QMHALXPG, is there anything else I can do?
Can I get a taxi from the place to the restaurant, I would like to arrive by the booked time of 15:30.|I booked a red Skoda to pick you up and get you to Curry for your reservation.  The contact number is 07087653240.  Can I help with anything else?
Terrific, thanks and have a great day!|Thank you for using the Cambridge TownInfo center, and I hope you enjoy your time in our city!
I need a train from peterborough going to cambridge. Can you help me?|The next train departs Peterborough on Friday at 05:19 and scheduled to arrive in Cambridge by 06:09. Do you want a different departure time?
I'd like to leave after 11:45 on Thursday, please.|There's a train scheduled on Thursday from Peterborough to Cambridge, leaving at 11:19 and arriving at 12:09. Will this work for you?
With our schedule, we can only go on a train that leaves after 11:45. Is there one leaving later?|There is a train that leaves at 12:19 will that work?
That sounds great.  Can you please book 7 tickets on that one?|Booking was successful. Reference number is 3854SJZ8. Do you need help with anything else?
Thank you. Yes, I do need a place to dine. I would like an expensive restaurant in the north.|Do you have a particular type of cuisine in mind?
Any type is fine. I'd also like the phone number of the restaurant.|I recommend Restaurant Two Two. It is a French restaurant in the north. The telephone number is 01223351880. Would you like me to book a reservation?
What type of food is it?|As mentioned before they are French.
Thank you. I missed that before. Screaming kids, you know.|Yes, I can hear them. How else can I help you today?
Thank you so much for your help.|Happy to help, goodbye..
Hi I am looking for a restaurant in the centre of town serving japanese food|There is only one Japanese restaurant in the centre, Wagamama. Would this one be ok?
Yes. Could you tell me the price range please?|Wagamama is a high end restaurant and the price range is expensive, what is the price range you are looking for?
That is perfect. Could I get the address, phone number and postcode please?|The address is 36 Saint Andrews Street. The phone number is 01223462354. The postcode is cb23ae. Would you like me to reserve a table for you?
Not at this time thank you, is there a museum close by the restaurant by chance?|Yes there are several, 11 in fact that you can choose from. Would you like any specific ones?
Can you recommend one that is in the centre? I need to know the entrance fee, please.|I would recommend cambridge contemporary art. There is no entrance fee. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Yes, can I also have the phone number, and address for cambridge contemporary art?|The address of Cambridge Contemporary Art is 6 trinity street. It's phone number is 01223324222. May I help you with anything else?
I would like a taxi between the two places. I need to leave the restaurant by 4.|Ok, I have a red BMW picking you up, do you need the contact number?
Yes I do.|The contact number for the taxi service is 07060233435. Can I help you with anything else?
No, that'll be all. Thank you and have a great day.|Thank you for using our system!
I need some help finding a train to Cambridge.|I'd be happy to help. Can you tell me more about your trip? Where will you be departing from, and on what day would you like to travel?
Departing from peterborough on friday. I should arrive by 10:00|And what time would you prefer to leave?
I would like to arrive by 10:00|There are 8 entries that match that. Is there any time that you want to leave?
Doesn't matter.  Just pick one.|The TR1662 leaves Peterborough at 05:19, arrives Cambridge 06:09. Care to book a ticket?
Yes. Actually, I would like to book 8 tickets for that train, please.|Ok, the train was successfully booked. The total fee is 132 GBP payable at the station. Your reference number is: AYILO5E4
I am also looking for a restaurant in the west and in the cheap price range that serves korean food.|There are no establishments that fit your specifications, unfortunately. Would you like to search for a different type of cuisine, or a different price range?
Why don't you try vietnamese food.|There is one vietnamese restauarant in the area, would you like me to book that?
Yes, please book it. I would also like the address.|The address is 17 Magdalene Street City Centre. How many people people and for what day and time?
I just needed that info. Thank you.|Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No thats all i wanted thank you|You're welcome! Have a great day!
I am looking for a restaurant in the centre of Cambridge that serves modern American food.|I was unable to find any restaurants matching that.
Then what about modern European?|I have 4 modern european restaurants in the centre. Do you have a preference on price range?
No, just pick a popular one for me and book it for 1 person on Tuesday please.|I  book you a table at riverside brasserie, I will send you the reference number.
Okay what is it?|I need to know the reservation time before I can book a table for you.
I would like the time to be at 14:00, if you cant get that time 13:00 will do. Can I have a reference number? I also need a train.|Your table has been booked at De Luca Cucina and Bar at 14:00. Your reference number is M81RFLPZ.
Thank you. I need a train on Tuesday and I need it to arrive by 10:15.|There are several trains arriving in Cambridge before 10:15. Where are you traveling from?
I will be leaving from London Kings Cross.|I can help you with that but first how many tickets will you be needing?
One ticket is all I need. Thank you.|I booked a train leaving at 5:17. Your reference number is LG54YRTF.
Thank you for your help. That's everything I need for now. Goodbye.|You are most welcome, have a wonderful day!
I am looking for a place to eat. Do you know any places in the centre of town with a moderate price?|I can help you with that. What type of cuisine would you be interested in?
I would like the restaurant to serve international food.|There are 2 restaurants serving international food. One is the varsity restaurant, the other is bloomsbury restaurant. Would you like a reservation at one of these?
I would like to book a table for 2 at 11:45 on Thursday at Bloomsbury.|Sure, I have made the reservation, and your reference number is W6A0B2QE.
Thank you. Can you also find me an entertainment attraction near Bloomsbury?|I'm sorry, there aren't any entertainment attractions in the centre of town. Would you be interested in a different kind of attraction, or perhaps somewhere in another part of town?
Are there any nightclubs in the centre of town?|Yes, there are 5 results for nightclubs in the centre area.  The cheapest entrance fee is 4 pounds and that's at soul tree nightclub. Do you need more information?
Yes could I have their address please?|The Soul Tree is located at 1-6 corn exchange street.
Thank you. Can I also book a taxi from the restaurant to the club?|What time would you like to leave or arrive?
I need to arrive before our reservation time.|I have booked a taxi for you. It is a red ford and the contact number is 07592537181. Is there anything else you need today?
That was everything, thanks!|You're welcome, enjoy your time in Cambridge.
I am looking for expensive Corsica food.|There are no expensive Corsica eateries, would you like to try another criteria?
How about Indian food instead?|Yes, there are quite a few expensive Indian restaurants. What part of town would you prefer?
How about the west? Could you give me their postcode and telephone number?|I have five Indian restaurants in the west. May I suggest Tandoori Palace?
That will be fine as long as it's expensive. Can you tell me the postcode and phone number?|The postcode for tandoori palace is cb43le, and the phone number is 01223506055. Would you like me to book you a table?
No, I don't need anything else at the moment.|Thank you and goodbye.
I was hoping to find an expensive restaurant in the south.|There are five expensive restaurants in the south. Would you like to try a Chinese cuisine?
Sure, I like Chinese.|The good luck chinese food takeaway is located at 82 Cherry Hinton Road Cherry Hinton. Would you like to reserve a table?
Yes I'll need a table for 7 on Monday please.|Would you like a reference number?
Yes, please. I'll write it down.|Okay, and when would you like the reservation to be?
For Friday for 2 people thank you !|What time would you like to dine on Friday?
Oh, around 17:15. But, I meant to say on Monday, not Friday and for 7 people not 2. Thanks!|Ok, I was able to make a booking for 7 people at 17:15. Your reference number is : J2YDX084. Can I help with anything else?
I'm also in a need of a train|between which areas will you be commuting?
I'll need the train to come to Cambridge, please, so that I can make it to the restaurant that you've booked for me.|Would you like me to book tickets for you?
Yes, please. The same group from the restaurant will be traveling.|In order to book a train I need departure location, destination, travel time, day of week and number of people.
I will be departing from Leicester and would like to arrive by 11:45.|TR7151 has been booked! Your reference number is Q34HN7VC.
Thank you so much for your help.|Is there anything else I can help you with today?
That is all I needed.|I hope you have a great stay in Cambridge!
Can you help me locate a place to eat tonight?|What price range and in what area?
I am looking for something expensive in the west please.|Your cuisine options are: British, European, Indian, and Thai.
I'm sorry, make that the centre of town. A Thai restaurant would be fine.|I found Bangkok City.  Would you like me to book a table?
Yes I would like a table for 4 people at 16:00 on Saturday.|Reference number is : FJVATJEE. Is there anything else?
I am looking for an expensive place in the centre area with free wifi?|I have two options. The Gonville Hotel which has three stars, and the University Arms Hotel which has four stars. Would you like to make a booking?
No thank you. What is the University Arms Hotel's postcode?|its postcode is cb21ad. is that all?
What type of hotel is the University Arms?|It's a 4 star hotel. In the centre and expensive as you requested.
I would like to book a taxi that can commute to both places, It would need to arrive by the booked time. Please provide contact and the car type.|So, to clarify, you want a taxi from the University Arms to Bangkok City at 16:00, correct?
Yes, thank you.|Done! You'll be picked up in a yellow Tesla, and the contact number is 07044662222. Can I help you with anything else?
No, that's all. Thank you.|Have a nice day.
food type, book a hotel, buy a train ticket ...|i'm sorry could you clarify what it is you're looking for?
I need a train. The train should depart from cambridge and should leave on saturday.|I need to know where you are going and when.
Norwich and i need to leave after 16:30|TR6880 would fit your needs weel
Thanks. I can look for that one later when I book. I'm also looking for a restaurant called the Shiraz.|Great, I found the Mediterranean restaurant called Shiraz. Their telephone number is 01223307581.
Thank you that is all I need for now.|Thank you for using our system today
I'm looking for a guesthouse in the north.|There are 11 guesthouses in the north. Is there a specific price range your looking for?
It should have a moderate price and I don't care about free parking.|We have 9 moderately priced guesthouses in the north. Do you need need free internet?
I don't need it but do they offer it? Also, can you provide me with the address.|There are 8 that include free wifi with a room. Would you like information on one of those?
Yes please. I would like the address.|Acorn guest house is located at 154 chesterton road.
Great. I am also looking for a restaurant that is in the same area as the hotel.|There are 5 restaurants in the same area, are you looking for a specific type of food or price range?
North Indian, please, and moderately priced.|Unfortunately, I don't have anything serving north indian food. Is there another cuisine type I can find for you?
How about Indian food by itself?|There is the nirala that serves indian food would you like me to book that?
Yes please and may I have the address and phone number. I would also like to book a taxi to get to the restaurant.|Nirala is located at 7 Milton Road Chesterton. I need a little more information to book a reservation. How many in your party and did you have a time in mind?
I don't need to book the restaurant.  I do need a taxi to pick me up from the restaurant and take me back to the hotel though.|I need to know what time you need the taxi at?
I need to leave the restaurant by 17:45.|I was able to book a yellow volkswagen, phone number is 07242504396.
Thank you, that will be all for me this time.|Okay, have a great day!
I'm looking for a cheap asian oriental restaurant.|There are 5 Asian Oriental restaurants available. Are you interested in a particular area or price range?
Is there one in the centre?|Yes, 4 of them are in the Centre of town. Two of them are cheap, one moderate, and one expensively priced. Would you like to book one of them?
Can you select one of the restaurants with the cheap price range in the center of town?|The dojo noodle house would be an option for you
book a table for 4 people at 17:00 on friday.|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Reference number is : K77JVT2U.  Can I help with anything else?
I am also looking for a hotel in the same area as the restaurant.|There are two guesthouses and three hotels in the centre of town. Perhaps we can narrow it down by price range.
Same price range as the restaurant please|I recommend alexander bed and breakfast, would you like more information or a booking.
Is it a 4-star guesthouse?|yes it is 4 star
Great, I need a room for 4 and 3 nights starting from Friday.|What area would you like to be in?
I would like it to be in the centre of town.|Done! Your reference number is 8F3G9DY8. Can I help you with anything else?
That is all, thank you.|I am glad I could be of service.  Have a great day.
Could you help me find an expensive asian oriental restaurant?|There are two restaurants. One located in the North area and Centre area. Which one would you prefer?
Let's go with the centre. I need a reservation for 2 at 13:30 on Thursday.|I am sorry there are no tables available,can I help you find another place to eat?
I need a different restaurant in the same area and price range please.|I could try Little Seoul, which is Korean, or possibly HK Fusion Chinese. If you want.  Would you like me to?
Does the HK Fusion Chinese restaurant have availability on Thursday at 13:30?|Yes there is availability. I made a reservation for Thursday at 13:30 for 2. The reference number is CBZ1WPRF. Is there anything else I can help you with?
That is all, thanks, bye.|Have a great day!   Thank you for using our service
I would like to find the best, most expensive restaurant in the south part of town.|What type of food are you looking for?
I don't care.|Chiquito Restaurant Bar is a mexican restaurant in the south part of town an has an expensive price range.
could you please give me the address and phone number ?|chiquito restaurant bar is located at 2G Cambridge Leisure Park Cherry Hinton Road Cherry Hinton and can be reached at 01223 400170.
thanks, bye bye|you are welcome, bye
I am looking for a moderately priced restaurant in the south part of town, please.|pizza hut cherry hinton is located in the south part of town and is in the moderate price range.  Would you like more information for them?
Yes, may I have th phone number and address please?|It's phone number is 01223 323737 and its address is G4 Cambridge Leisure Park Clifton Way Cherry Hinton.
Thank you! Have a nice day!|Thank you and good bye
I am looking for a restaurant in Cambridge called the La Margherita|I have found the one you are looking for, the address is 15 Magdalene Street City Centre and the phone number is 01223315232.
Okay, great! Please book me a table for 6 at 14:45 on Sunday. Please provide the reference number as well.|I'm sorry, there are no spots available on that day and time. Is there another time or day you would like perhaps?
Well I'm also looking for a train.  Can you coordinate a time with a departure from cambride on sunday?|Sure, where would you like to go?
I would like to depart from Cambridge this Sunday and arrive at London Liverpool Street by 12:15|The TR0995 arrives in London at Liverpool Street at 11:27 on Sunday. How does that sound?
Thank you for the information that's all I need today.|Thank you, enjoy the rest of your day.
Please locate me a guesthouse with 4 star rating in Cambridge.|I have many what area would you like it to be in?
I am not particular about area but I need it to include free parking.|Is cost important to you?
No, as long as it has the amenities and stars that I asked for.|How about the Alexander bed and breakfast? It is a guesthouse in the center with 4 stars and has free internet and parking.
I think I like it, please book me room for two people for three nights and get me confirmation number.|No problem, I just need the first day that you will be staying.
Oppss sorry, I thought I had given it to you. We'll be checking in on Monday|Your room for two people for three nights on Monday was booked successfully. Your reference number is CW9SXT27. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I also need a restaurant reservation.|Sure, what type of restaurant are you looking for?
I need something moderately priced in the centre. What would you recommend?|Okay, what type of food would you like to eat?
I am open to suggestions. I need a booking for 1 at 12:30 on Monday. Can I get a reference number?|I reserved a table at Cotto, you reference # is BBARW8R2, anything else today?
that is it for today. have a nice day|Thank you for contacting us and have a nice day.
What time is the next train from Cambridge to Glastonbury?|You need to select train in order for me to look that up for you.
Well, my daughter just said she would prefer to drive, so how about helping us find a place to eat instead.|what type of food do you like?
I'm craving Romanian food at the moment.|I don't have any in the area. Do you have any other preferences?
What about a moderately priced Spanish restaurant?|I actually do have one of those. It is called La Tasca. It's located in the centre of town at 14-16 Bridge Street. Did you need a reservation?
I also need to find a place to go to look at architecture in the city center.|You could try all saints church	located at Jesus Lane.  Is there anything else you needed to know?
Could you please give me the phone number and postcode for the church?|Yes their phone number is 01223452587 and their postcode is cb58bs.
What is their entrance fee? I would also like to book a taxi.|It is free to enter. Where will you want the taxi to take you to and from?
I it to come to the  restaurant and  then take meto the church.|Ok.  What time would you like the taxi to pick you up?
I would just need to arrive to the restaurant by 16:15.|Booking completed!
Booked car type	:	red lexus
Contact number	:	07289428865
Thank you, that is all I need.|Okay, great. You're welcome. Have a wonderful day.
Can you help me find a 4 star hotel in Cambridge?|There are three 4-star hotels. What area would you prefer?
I would prefer to stay in the west part of town.|There are two choices, one is in the expensive price range, the other in the cheap price range. Which one is preferable to you?
I don't have a preference.|How does the huntingdon marriott hotel sound to you? May I book you there?
Is this the expensive or cheap price range option? How much does it cost per night?|They are in the expensive price range.
Ok. I'd like the address, please.|The huntingdon marriott hotel is located at kingfisher way, hinchinbrook business park, huntingdon.  Would you like to book a room?
Not at this time, but I would like to find a place to eat. Ideally an expensive German restaurant in the same area.|Unfortunately, no such restaurant exists. Would you like to look in a different area, price range, or cuisine type?
How about one that serves British food|There are two places Graffiti and Travellers Rest which would you like to try?
Graffiti sounds good. May I have their phone number, address, and postcode, please?|The address, phone number and post code for Graffiti are Hotel Felix Whitehouse Lane Huntingdon Road, 01223277977, cb30lx.
I'll need a taxi from the restaurant back to my hotel. I'd like to leave the restaurant by 11:30.|Ok, I've booked you a taxi from Graffiti to Huntingdon Marriot Hotel at 11:30. Anything else I can do for you?
Can I get the phone number of the taxi service and what car type will I be looking for?|number is 07435240506, and it is a black audi.
Great, you have been very helpful, that's all I need for now.|You are very welcome. Thank you for contacting Cambridge Towninfo Centre. Have a great day.
I am looking to eat at a north restaurant in the expensive price range.|I have about 5 restaurants in that area. What kind of food would you like them to serve?
Surprise me, I just need the booking for 8 people Monday at 18:00.  Please provide me with a reference number for this booking.|I can make a reservation at Saigon City for 8 people on Monday evening. The reference number is ECKX7YSF. Is there anything else I can do for you?
Thank you so much! That's all I needed.|You are very welcome. Would you like the address for the restaurant?
No thank you. Have a great day!|You have a great day as well!
Hello I am new to Cambridge and was wondering about good 4 star hotels with free wifi. Any suggestions?|Alexander bed and breakfast	looks good, would you like to try that?
I need it to be in the north area, is Alexander bed and breakfast located there?|No, but the Acorn Guest House is in the north. Would you like a room there?
Yes, please! I'd like a room for 6 people. We'll arrive on Friday and stay for 4 nights.|I have you booked at the Acorn Guesthouse, six people for four nights.  Your confirmation is GLVBZVYO
I would also like to eat some Chinese food near the hotel.|How does the Golden wok sound? It is close to that area.
Sure, can you book it for 6 people on friday at 17:15 please? And then give me the reference number|Successfully booked. Your reference number is XZZTYRWB. What else would you like help with?
That is all for now. Thank you for all your help.|I'm glad I could help, have a great time.
Thanks so much, goodbye!|Best wishes for an enjoyable stay from the Cambridge TownInfo Centre. Goodbye.
I would like a cheap restaurant in the centre of town. Any suggestions?|There are quite a few different options you can choose from. Is there any particular type of food you are in the mood for?
No, just somewhere I can get in on Friday, 11:45.|Golden House on 12 Lensfield Road, City Centre has Chinese cuisine and their price range is considered cheap. Would this be a suitable choice or would you like other options?
This works. Can you book a table for 8 people at 11:45 on Friday?|Unfortunately they are currently booked for that time. Would you like to try a different time?
What about an hour earlier?|I have reserved you a table for 8 at 10:45 on friday your reference number is 6R8D8J8P
Thank you. I'm looking for a cheap guesthouse to stay at as well, are there any 4 star accommodations like that?|Alexander b &b would suit you. Would you like me to book it?
Yes, please book me the room for Friday.|Unfortunately they do not have any rooms available on Friday. Would you like to try another guest house?
Is there another 4 star guest house we can try?|You didn't mention how many people and for how many nights you will need a room for, can I have the information?
I need the hotel for 3 nights and for 8 people.|Luck is with us tonight! I was able to book the Alexander on Friday for 3 nights and 8 people. The reference number is ZDT7PP0G. Would you like anything else?
Yes, I will need a taxi to take me from the restaurant to the hotel. Could you book one for me?|Sure, I can do that.  Can you give me the time frame for the taxi?
I'd like to get from the hotel to the restaurant by 10:45.|Got you booked- black skoda phone 07407455573.  Anything else I can help you with?
No that is all I needed today, thank you.|Great! Let us know if you need anything else.
I need a place to eat in the north area of the city.|What type of food are you looking for?
I don't care.|What price range are you looking for?
In the moderate price range.|Golden wok serves Chinese food, is located in the north part of the city and in the moderate price range.
What is the phone number and address?|The Golden Wok's phone number is 01223 350688 and they are located at 191 Histon Road Chesterton. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No thank you. Goodbye.|You're welcome. Goodbye.
Can you find me a Chinese restaurant with moderate prices?|You have your choice of the Jinling Noodle Bar, Lan Hong House, Shanghai Family Restaurant, or the Golden Wok.
Which one of these restaurants is in the centre of town?|Jinling noodle bar, Lan Hong House, and Shanghai Family Restaurant are all in the centre of town.
Thanks! Can I have the address, phone number, and postcode for Jinling Noodle Bar, please?|Sure.The address is 11 Peas Hill City Centre, postcode cb23pp, and the phone number is 01223566188. Can i book a table for you?
No thanks. That's not necessary. I think I have all I need. Have a good night.|Thank you. Have a good night, goodbye.
Yes, I am looking for a restaurant in the area. It should serve Spanish food, and it should also be in the more expensive price range. Can you possibly help me?|I haven't found anything matching what you're looking for.
How about a chinese restaurant then?|Yes I have listings for many of them,what area are you looking to eat in?
Area does not matter.|the good luck chinese food takeaway is in the south would you like me to book it?
Good Morning, I am hoping you can help me with information on places to go in town.|Of course. Which area of town will you be attending?
I would like to visit the centre part of town.|We have several great attractions including theatres, churches, museums, parks and night clubs. Where would you like to go?
I want to visit a museum.|There are no museums in this side of town.
Well how about finding a museum that has an asian oriental restaurant in the expensive price range nearby.|I can only process one at a time. Please choose one first.
I need a museum in the centre please.|I have 11. Would you like more info on one?
Yes, please.  Perhaps a gallery of some kind.|I can recommend the Broughton House Gallery on 98 King Street. Do you want the phone number?
I would like to know how much it costs to get in there?|The Broughton House Gallery has free admission. I can look up a nearby restaurant, if you wish.
First, can you give me the postcode and address for that attraction?|Broughton house gallery is on 98 king street with the postcode of cb11ln. The phone number is 01223314960. What would you like next?
I want to find an asian oriental restaurant in the same area. Expensive please|There is one result. It is kymmoy.
Ok.  Can you book a table for me there?|Glad to do so, how many people and what is your preferred date and time?
There will be 4 of us, we'd like Tuesday at 12:45.|Your table is reserved, ref# 1L2BKCMX. Is there anything else I can do for you today?
No, that's all I needed! Thank you, bye!|I'm happy I could be of service. Goodbye!
I have a particular restaurant that I need to find please.|Do you know the name of the location?
The restaurant is called the Cambridge Chop House. I would really like to make a reservation there.|Great, how many people will be dining?
Six people will be dining.|What day and time would you like to make the reservation?
On Thursday at 19:30 please.|Your reservation has been made. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Your reference number is:  KOOJ1Y7I. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I am also looking for some where to go in the center of town.|Did you have something in mind. We have lots of great things to do--colleges, museums, theatres, nightclubs, etc.
I'm not sure. What types of museums are there?|yes we have art galleries and anthropology and archaeology museums.
select one and give me its entrance fee, attraction type and phone number|the fitzwilliam museum is very popular. There is no entrance fee and their phone number is 01223332900. Is there anything else I can do for you today?
I'd like to get a taxi from the museum to the restaurant, to get there in time for my reservation.|Okay great! Your car will be a grey bmw and the contact number is 07720582184.
Very good, thank you kindly, that will be all.  You are dismissed.|Thank you for contacting the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Goodbye
I'm looking for a North African restaurant.|I'm sorry but it looks like I don't happen to see any restaurants that specialize in that type of cuisine? Can I help you with a different type?
How about something in the expensive price range instead?|Sure, there are 57 expensive restaurants in town. Is there an area of town you'd prefer?
I would prefer something near the centre please.|There are over 33 restaurants that meet your criteria. May I interest you in African cuisine since you originally asked for North African restaurant?
No, I think I'd like an expensive French restaurant instead.|Cote is an expensive French restaurant in the center of town. Would you like a table there, or possibly their address?
Yes please. Can you book it for Friday at 19:45? There will be 8 of us.|OK,  you have a table for 8 at Cote onFriday night. Your reference number is ZWI39RV9. Can I help you with anything else today?
No. That's everything. Thank you! Goodbye.|You are welcome.  Have a great day.
We will be in the west part of town and would like to go to a restaurant while we are there.|I have 14 different restaurants. Is there a type of cuisine you prefer?
I would like an Indian food restaurant in the expensive range.|There are 5 options in the west in that price range. One of my faves is India House. Would you like a reservation?
Yes, please.  I need a table for one at 17:00 on Tuesday.|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.Reference number is : HLEN9T9L.
Can you tell me if there is a concerthall in the same area as this restaurant, if not is there a museum?|I'm sorry, there is not a concert hall in the west. There are 7 museums, though, and most of them are free to enter.
Okay, could you give me the entrance fee and phone number information for your favorite museum there?|The Cafe Jello Gallery is great, the phone number is 01223312112 and the entrance fee is free.
Thanks! I don't need any more help today. Bye!|Have a wonderful time.
Can you find me a corsica restaurant?|I'm sorry, I can't find any place with Corsica food. Do you have a second choice?
Yes, a restaurant serving british food would be good.|There are 11 restaurants that serve British food. Do you have an area or price range preference?
I do not care about the price range, and would just like one in the west part of town.|Graffiti is an expensive British restaurant in the west. Would you like more information?
I'd like their address and phone number please.|The address is Hotel Felix Whitehouse Lane Huntingdon Road, and the phone number is 01223 277977. Can I find any further information for you?
What is the price range?|It is expensive.
That you, that's all I need to know.|Thank you, have a good day!
I need a place to eat that serves north indian food.|I'm not finding any north indian restaurants, may I expand the search to include all indian food?
No thank you. Can you please search for Japanese food instead?|We have one Japanese restaurant listed.  It is called Wagamama and is in the city Centre.  Would you like to book a table?
i wish to book a table for  5 people at 16:15 on teusday|The booking was successful. Your reference number is V5WEDA1V and the table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Great. I also need to find a train going to cambridge for the same day.|I have all of tuesday's options available, where will you be coming from?
I need a train from Cambridge by no later then 10:45 for five people please. May I have the confirmation number for that please?|I booked a train that leaves at 10:08. The reference number is S5D8VQIU.
Great, thank you so much for your help. Goodbye!|Glad I could help. Goodbye.
I'm looking for a 3-star lodging with free wifi.|We have 5 locations with a 3 star rating that offer free wifi, do you prefer a particular area or price range?
I would like it to be in the west|The hobsons house is available in that area.
That sounds like it will work.  Can I book that for 3 nights starting Wednesday?|I've booked you a one person stay for 3 nights starting on Wednesday.  Your reference number is: Q81KT0VN.
I also am looking for somewhere to get afternoon tea.|Would you be interested in a British restaurant then?
Let's try a Chinese restaurant instead.|There are quite a few Chinese restaurants. Are you you looking for one in the west, like your hotel? Any price range in mind?
No I'm not too picky. You can just select one for me and then please book a table for 8 people on wednesday at 15:45|Your booking at the Yu Garden on Wednesday at 15:45 for a party of 8 is confirmed. Your Reference number is : FPL31KWN. Can I help you wroth anything further?
That's all for today! Thanks a ton. Bye!|I hope you have a wonderful meal.
A french restaurant in the centre part of town. Please give me address and phone number.|Cote can be reached at 01223311053 and is at Bridge Street City Centre. Do you require any additional information?
Thank you goodbye.|Goodbye.
I am planning a trip to Cambridge|How great! I'm sure you'll love it here. Is there something specific I can find for you?
train should leave after 11:15 and should depart from stansted airport on Sunday|Okay, the TR9445 leaves at 11:24 and arrives by 11:52. Would you like me to book tickets for you?
Yes, please. I'll need tickets for 5 people.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 40.4 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : 38E1SSYP.
I'm also looking for a restaurant in the moderate price range, that serves Thai food.|Im sorry there are no restaurants like that. Would you like to search for something else?
No moderately-priced Thai places in the east, huh?|There are not - would you like to adjust the type of restaurant or the price range?
Let's try Indian food.|Do you have a preference - I come up with 2.   Curry Prince, or Rajmahal.  I recommend Curry Prince.  Is this okay?
Curry prince is good. book it for the same group of people please|Okay. I'll need to know the day and time you'd like to dine.
On Sunday at 20:45 please.|You are all set for Curry Prince. Your reference number is 7FLIG346.
Ok, great, that's all I needed! Thanks!|Great. You have a wonderful day and feel free to message me if you need any more assistance.
I am interested at eating at an expensive place in the west part of town.|We have nine expensive dining establishments on the west side. Cuisines offered are Thai, Indian, European, and British. Do you have a preference?
No I don't have a preference. I want to book for four people at 15:00 on Saturday.|Okay I booked a table for 4 at 15:00 on Saturday at the Graffiti, an expensive British restaurant in the west area of town.
Thank you.  Can you please give me the reference number?|The reference number is 5WHDPGHW..  Is there anything else I can assist you with?
No that will be all. Thank you so much for all of your help!|Excellent. Have a good rest of your day!
I would like to book a meal at a chinese restaurant.|I have results for 17 chinese restaurants, what area are you looking to dine in?
I would like it be located in the Centre area.  I like expensive chinese food.|I have 4 different restaurants. If you would like a recommendation, The Ugly Duckling is often known as the best in town.
Yes you can you book it for 6 people at 12:45 on Friday?|Excellent. Do you want the reference number?
Yes, please. I am also looking for a train.|Where will you be going to and from?
I am going to broxbourne and need to leave cambridge so I arrive by 15:00.|Okay.  Can you also tell me what day you want to travel?
Yes, I would like to travel on Saturday.|I have train TR4334 that departs at 13:01 and arrives by 14:01. Do you think that would work for you?
That will work. Can I get the price and the travel time please?|The travel time will be 60 minutes and the price will be 14.32 pounds.
Thank you for the information!  I don't need anything else.|Great. enjoy your journey.
I need a cheap, 2 star hotel to stay at here in Cambridge|I have no hotels matching your request. Would you like to change your price range or star rating and try again?
Ok, find me a hotel that has free parking included then.|The Cambridge Belfry has free parking and is in the cheap price range, would you like to book this hotel?
Is it in the moderate price range?|No, the hotel is within the cheap price range. Would you like me to alter the search?
I would like one in the moderate price range. I need to book one for 4 nights for 4 people.|I have found two hotels meeting your specifications in the moderate price range. Do you have any additional preferences?
No, I just need a room for 4 people. We'll arrive on monday and stay 4 nights.|I was able to book you at the Ashley Hotel on Monday for 4 nights/4 guests. Your reference number is KFHQFY56. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Yes, I am also looking for a restaurant serving British food that is moderately priced.|I have five moderately priced restaurants serving British food. Do you have a preference for location? Four are in city center and one is west.
No preference. What would you recommend? And I'll need the address.|I like the copper kettle, it is located at 4 Kings Parade City Centre postcode cb21sj. Would you like me to reserve a table for you?
That's OK, I'll handle that, but I'll need a taxi between the Ashley Hotel and the restaurant leaving by 17:30.|I was able to schedule taxi service for you at the time specified. You will be looking for a Blue Lexus. If you need to contact them, please call 07580951630.
Thank you. That's all I need today.|You're very welcome, enjoy your visit!
I want to find somewhere to go in the centre.|Are you looking for an attraction to go to? Or are you looking for a restaurant or a hotel or something else? I need more information.
Yes, attractions to visit.|May i know the type of attraction you will prefer. We have architecture, boat, cinema, college, nightclub, museum and much more?
I don't know.  Can you recommend your favorite thing to do?|I enjoy the cambridge university botanic gardens this time of year. They have an entrance fee of 4 pounds.
Okay, great. I'll also need to know the postcode, if possible?|cambridge university botanic gardens post code is cb21jf.
I also need to find restaurant serving modern European food.|Assuming you have no further criteria, the Galleria is a great restaurant on 33 Bridge Street.
Ok, please also book me a taxi from the restaurant at 05:30 and can I have a description and contact information for the taxi? Thanks.|Yellow Lexus, 07263691151. Is there anything else?
That will be all, thank you.|Thank you for calling. I hope you enjoy your trip. Goodbye.
Can you help me find a train headed to Cambridge on Sunday?|I sure can.  Where will you be boarding?
I'm departing from London Liverpool Street, and my train needs to leave after 12:30.|I have a few options, do you have an arrival time in mind?
I would like to leave london liverpool street after 12:30.|I would recommend train TR6578
That's great can you book it for 8 people?|Absolutely your reference number is Z6QD1AXD
Awesome. I also need a Hungarian restaurant in the centre, please.|I don't have any Hungarian restaurants in the centre. Would you like to try another type of cuisine?
Sure. What about modern European?|Would you like a specific price range?
No, I'm not really particular about the price. Any modern european restaurant would be great.|I would recommend Riverside Brasserie.  It's a moderately priced modern european restaurant located in the centre.  Would you like me to make a booking for you?
Yes please, same group of eight, Sunday, 16:45.|Your table is reserved for 15 minutes. The reference number is UQM6L628. Can I help you with anything else today/
No thanks. That will be everything. Goodbye.|Alright. Have a nice trip!
I'm looking for a hotel that's in the north side of Cambridge and it needs to have a moderate price.|There are 11 places located in the North of Cambridge that are moderate price. Would you prefer a hotel or guesthouse?
Either place and it doesn't matter if it has free parking or not.|I found 11 places.  Is there a certain star rating you're wanting to book?
The star rating does not matter, please book one for 2 people for 4 nights, checking in Saturday. I need a reference number please.|Okay your room is booked at the Acorn Guest House for Saturday. Reference number is 414S09IX. Can I help you with anything else today?
Yes, I am also looking for a restaurant called curry king.|Curry King is an indian restaurant in the centre of town. Would you like to make a reservation?
Yes. Please make a reservation for two people at 16:00 and I would like the reference number.|I booked that for you; your reference number is 5S1KPKTU. Is there anything else today?
No, that should be it. Thank you.|Thank you for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Have a nice day.
I'm looking for a cheap restaurant in the west area of town.|The Cambridge lodge restaurant  is in the cheap price range and in the west part of town.
What its phone number?|I cannot find that information.
Can you give me the phone number of a different, cheap restaurant in the west part of town?|Thanh Binh is a Vietnamese restaurant in the west of town and is in the cheap price range. The phone number is 01223 362456.
Thank you!  Goodbye.|Have a good evening.
I am looking for a danish restaurant in the south part of town.|Unfortunately, there are no danish restaurants listed in the south part of town.  Would you like something else?
Yes, please look for Portuguese food. Can I get the phone number and address?|nandos is a portuguese restaurant in the cheap price range located in the south part of town. The address is cambridge leisure park clifton way and the phone number is 01223 327908
Thank you, goodbye.|Thank you and have a great day!
I am looking for theatres to go to in the South.|The Junction sounds like just what you are looking for. Would you like more information on this location?
Yes, may I get the address and post code, please?|The address is clifton way and the postcode is cb17gx. Can I help with anything else today?
Is there an entrance fee to The Junction?|I am sorry but there is no information about their entrance fee.
Okay. I'm also looking for an expensive restaurant that serves Moroccan food.|There are no matches in that area. Would you like another type of food?
Yes, can we try Indian instead?|There are 14 restaurants that offer your preferences, let's see if we can narrow down the selection, is there a particular area you are looking for?
No particular area. If you could recommend one and send me the address, postcode and phone number. Thank you.|How about cocum?  It is located at 71 Castle Street City Centre.  The postal code is cb30ah and the phone number is 01223366668.
Great, that is all I need. Thank you.|You are very welcome! Have a great day, goodbye!
I am traveling to Cambridge and am super excited to see some of the local tourist attractions and I am looking for a restaurant call The Varsity Restaurant.|The Varsity Restaurant serves international food at moderate prices.  They are located in the centre.  Would you like help in making a reservation?
Yes please. Can you make it for 7 people on sunday at 15:00?|I am sorry but I was unable to book you at that time.  Would you like to try a different time?
Could we make it for 14:00.|Yes that time is available, would you like me to book that for you?
I sure would, thanks.|Great, you're booked with reference number EZAWT5OG. May I help with anything else?
I'm also looking for places to go in town.  Can you assist me with that also?|Yes, I can.  How about Scudamore's Punting Co.?  It is located in the centre of town so it would be close to your restaurant.
Sounds great, but I actually would prefer to maybe visit a college campus. Can you recommend one?|I have five places. Jesus college is a good one, what would you like to know?
Can I get the postcode?|The postcode is cb58bl.  Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Yes, I need a taxi to take me from the college to the restaurant. I want to make sure it arrives by my reserved time.|Booking completed!
Booked car type	:	red audi
Contact number	:	07727861490
is there anything else i can help you with?
I would like to find an expensive restaurant that serves molecular gastronomy please|Would a gastropub work for you?
Can I have more information on gastropub?|There are 3 gastropubs, 2 in the centre and 1 in the east, that are expensive.  Do you have a preference?
If there is no expensive restaurant serving molecular gastronomy food, I would take one that serves Indian food.|Great I recommend Curry Garden.  It is an expensive Indian restaurant in the Centre.  Would you like a reservation?
That place sounds pretty good, but no reservation at this time, thanks. I would like to know their postcode, please?|The postcode is cb21dp.
Great.  I also need some information about an attraction called The Cherry Hinton Village Centre.  Can you look that up?|Absolutely! It is located at cherry hinton road and is an entertainment in the east area.
Thanks.  Can you provide the phone number and postcode too?|Sure thing! The phone number is 01223446104 and the post code is cb18dw. Is there anything else you need?
I also need a taxi today to get me between the two places.|What time would you like that taxi?
I'd like to leave by 06:45, please.|Booking completed! Your contact number is 07984587445, and the car type will be a black lexus. Can I help you with anything else?
That's all I need. Thanks!|Have a great trip to Cambridge. Goodbye.
I would like to find a restaurant in any area and it should serve lebanese food.|There is a Lebanese restaurant in the centre of town called Ali Baba. Would you like their address?
Could you give me just the phone number and postcode please?|Sure, the phone number is 01462 432565 and the postcode is CB21NT. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, thank you.  Goodbye.|You are welcome. Is there anything else we can help you with today?
No, thank you. Goodbye|You're welcome. Goodbye.
Hi, I am looking for a high-end Cuban restaurant in Cambridge.|Unfortunately there are no high end cuban restaurants in Cambridge. Would you like to choose a different cuisine?
How about one that serves British food?|Fitzbillies is located in this area.
Is it expensive? I would like their address and postcode please.|Yes, Fitzbillies is expensive. Their address is 51 Trumpington Street City Centre. Their post code is cb21rg. Is there anything else I can help with today?
Yes I would like to visit some architecture landmarks in the centre of the city. What would you recommend?|yes, there are four churches and a school in that area.
Could you suggest one to me? I will also need to know the address and phone number, as well as the entrance fee. Thanks.|all saints church is free admission and is located at jesus lane. The phone number is 01223452587.
Thanks so much! That is all I need help with today!|You're quite welcome! Have a lovely day, goodbye!
I am looking for a cheap restaurant in the north part of town.|What kind of food are you looking for?
I don't care.|I would recommend the Da Vinci Pizzeria. They are located at 20 Milton Road, Chesterton.
What is the phone number?|da vinci pizzeria's phone number is 01223 351707.  Is there anything else I can help you with?
What is the address?|The address of Da Vinci Pizzeria is 20 Milton Road Chesterton.
What is the food type they serve ?|They serve italian food .
Thank you!  Goodbye!|Thank you for using the Cambridge restaurant system. Goodbye.
Hi. I'm trying to find a restaurant that serves Venetian food.  I'd like to stay in the west part of town.  Can you find me a phone number?|I apologize, there are no restaurants that serve venetian food in the west part of town. Would you like to try a different part of town?
That's okay! How about Indian food? Could I have the address and phone number of an Indian food restaurant please.|Cocum is an Indian restaurant located at 71 Castle Street City Centre, and it's phone number is 01223 366668.
Is it in the west part of town?|Yes, it is in the west part of town.
Awesome, thank you!  That's all I needed to know.  Have a good evening.|You're quite welcome.  Good bye.
I am coming to Cambridge and cannot wait to eat at some of your loal restaurants.  Can you help me find a train out after dinner?|I certainly can.  What are your departing and arriving stations?
I will be departing from ely and arriving in cambridge.|What time would you like to leave or arrive?
I would like to leaver after 9:30.|then train number TR3976 should be ok. can I book?
Yes, it will be for 4 people.|Sure the cost of the journey is 17.60 pounds and you confirmation number is X9OY1UCU.
Could you book it for four then?|Absolutely. Your reference number is X9OY1UCU, and that comes to 17.6 GBP, payable at the station. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Yes please, I'm also looking for an Asian Oriental restaurant within the cheap range. Can you find one for me?|I have two entries here, both in the centre. I recomend dojo noodle bar. Do you want me to book?
Actually just provide me with the address for that location|For dojo noodle bar, address is 40210 Millers Yard City Centre, postal cb21rq, can I assist with anything else?
That is all I need, thank you for your help.|It was my please. If I can help with anything else just let me know. Have a great trip.
I am traveling to Cambridge and looking forward to try local restaurants.|There are some great ones.  Can I help you find something in particular?
I would like to try some Indian food.|I have 22 restaurants serving indian food. What is your price range?
Any of them will be fine. I'll just need to know the price range, address, and postcode, please?|Okay. The Curry Garden is located at 106 Regent Street City Centre. The postcode is cb21dp and the price range is expensive.
am also looking for a train. The train should leave after 21:15 and should go to cambridge.
The train should depart from stansted airport and should leave on saturday|Do you have a time that you could like to arrive by?
No, I just need 6 tickets departing after 21:15.|the first train leaves the station at 21:24 will that work for you? Or we could try a cab
No the train sounds good.  Can book 6 tickets please?|I will work on booking this and be right back with you.
Make sure i get the reference number also please.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 48.48 GBP payable at the station .
Reference number is : B9L7E2J1.
Thanks! That's all I needed.|Have a wonderful time.
Can you help me find a restaurant in the middle price range?|Sure thing, I would suggest the copper kettle.
Is it located in the South? Does it serve Lebanese food?|I have no matches. Do you have any other preferences?
How about italian food?|Pizza hut is in that are and will suit your needs. The address is G4 Cambridge Leisure Park Clifton Way Cherry Hinton. Can I help you with anything else?
Yes, please. I need a reservation for 3 people at that restaurant starting at 18:30 on tuesday|I've reserved a table at 18:30 on Tuesday for 3. Your reference number is GCGHXNVN. Can i help you with anything else?
I would also like to know more about fun places to go in the south.|There are 8 different attractions in the south.  Do you have a type in mind?
Is there a college in the South I could visit?|Unfortunately, there are no colleges in the south. There are a cinema, two entertainments, a museum, a nightclub, a theatre and two parks. Which one appeals to you?
Hmm I'm feeling indecisive. Why don't you pick one that you like best and then please tell me the entrance fee, attraction type, and address for it.|I'm partial to the Byard Art Museum. It's located at 14 King's Parade, and best of all, free. Can I assist you with something else?
Yes, I'm also looking for a taxi to get between the two places. Can you please help?|Do you need the taxi to pick you up at the museum and take you to the restaurant?
Yes, and I need to arrive at the restaurant by 18:30.|OK i've got a white BMW and the contact number is 07669345707. Anything else?
That will be all. Thank you. Goodbye.|Thanks for using Cambridge Town Info centre. Have a great trip!
Are there any Indian restaurants there?|Yes, there are 22. What area would you like to dine in?
I want to dine in the west.|WHich price range do you want? I have expensive and moderate.
I would prefer moderate price range.|I have found  one, Can I make a booking for you?
no, I just need to know the postcode.|The restaurant is called meghna. The postcode is cb43lf, the address is 205 Victoria Road Chesterton. Anything else?
Got everything. Thanks. Goodbye.|Thanks for using our services.
Hi, I need something to do in the centre. Are there any multiple sports places?|There are not any in the centre, but I do have one in the east. Would that be ok?
No, I need to stay in the centre, can you look for museums?|We have 11 museums in the centre, and all are free to enter.
Can you give me the postcode, phone number, and address to the one closest to the centre in the east?|The broughton house gallery fits your needs. The address is 98 king street. The phone number is 01223314960 and the postcode is cb11ln.
Can you also give me information on  a restaurant called Rice Boat?|Rice Boat is an expensive Indian restaurant on the west side of the city. Would you like me to make a reservation?
I need the address for that restaurant please.|The Rice boat is in 37 Newnham Road Newnham.
Great.  I appreciate your help!  That should be all I need.|It was a pleasure to assist you. Have a good afternoon. Goodbye.
I'm looking for a restaurant. The restaurant should serve italian food and should be in the expensive price range.|Okay. Do you want to dine in a specific area?
I am looking in the centre of town.|We have 4 expensive italian restaurants in the center of town. Two are in Market Hill City Centre. Shall I just pick one for you?
Yes, surprise  me please! it's for 8 people at 16:30 on Tuesday.|Booking was successful at don pasquale pizzeria. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Reference number is : OYESLS03.  Can I help with anything else?
No, thank you so much! Have a nice day|You are welcome.  Have a nice day as well.  Good bye.
I am looking for a moderately price British restaurant.|I found 5 moderately priced British restaurants.  Would you prefer the center or west part of town?
The restaurant should be in the centre.|I have found The Oak Bistro. It is located at 6 Lensfield Road.
Sounds good. Can you book it for 4 people at 14:30 on saturday? I'll need the reference number.|I have booked the table for you; it will be reserved for 15 minutes. The reference number is WAU3QQKF.
Can you hold the reservation for 30 minutes instead?|I'm sorry our system doesn't offer that choice, would you like the phone number?
No that's okay but I am looking for a hotel in the same area as the restaurant can you please help?|There are five hotels in the center of town that range from cheap to expensive. What kind of place are you looking for?
I am looking for an expensive hotel.|There are two expensive hotels in the centre of town. The Gonville and University Arms. Which would you prefer?
I am actually looking for a moderately priced hotel and I will need free wifi.|Cityroomz is the only hotel that fits that description, would this work for you?
Yes, that works. I'd like to book for 4 people for 5 nights, starting on Saturday, please.|Ok, all booked, your reference number is M6OWA41B.
Thank you. I will also need a taxi  to to from the hotel to the restaurant.|Ok, I've booked you a taxi from your hotel to your restaurant. It will get you there before your reservation time.
One last thing. May I have their contact number and car type please?|The contact number is 07171167823 and it is a yellow ford. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No that was it. Thank you so much.|You're welcome. Enjoy your visit.
Hi, I am looking for a 4 star hotel to stay at.  Free parking is not necessary.|Okay I can help you with that. There are many options to choose from. What is your price range?
I would prefer to keep it in the moderate price range and I really need free WiFi as well, please.|I have several indifferent areas of town.  Do you have a location preference?
No, not really. Just needs to be in the moderate price range.|I'd recommend the avalon hotel. Would you like to book a room?
Yes, I would. Can you book it for 2 people for 5 nights starting Saturday?|I successfully booked a room for 2 at the Avalon for 5 nights starting Saturday. Your reference number is D5ZO6ZH1
I am also looking for a resturant called Nandos City centre. Can you make a reservation there for 2 people at 17:00 on Saturday?|Sure. Your reference number is 6F6ZHY2Z. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I am going to need a taxi to go between the two places. I need to arrive by my reservation time.|Here is a number for a reliable taxi
Hi.  I am looking for international food, hopefully someplace moderately priced.|The center of town offers two: the Varsity restaurant, and the Bloomsbury restaurant.
Great thank you for all your help|Was that all you needed today?
Yep! Thanks - I'm all done.|Let me know if you need any more info.
Thank you for your help, that's all I needed.|Thank you for calling, goodbye.
Help! I am hungry and need a cheap restaurant in the centre.|The dojo noodle bar is a cheap restaurant in the centre . Would you like me to make a reservation for you?
I'm actually looking for some italian food.|Zizzi cambridge is cheap and serves Italian food.
And that's in the city centre? If so, can you make us a reservation? I need it for 6 people on Thursday.|Sure, what time would you like the booking?
I need that for 16:15 please.|Reference number is : RVOQBWKG.
Okay, I also need a hotel with wifi and parking.|Would you like a recommendation, or would you like to narrow the search first?
I also need a four star place please.|The allenbell is a lovely guesthouse in the east and it's cheap too!
Please book that for me for today thank you|Thank you I need a 4 star hotel as well
I only need to hotel information for now. Thank you for your help!|Are you sure there is nothing else?
That's it. I'll call you when I need something else. Thanks.|You are so welcome! Good bye.
I'm looking for a place to eat. I want expensive malaysian food. Can you help?|I'm sorry but there aren't any Malaysian places of any price in town. Would you like to try a different cuisine?
Well I need it to be in the south of town.|On the south end, in the expensive price range, we have Mexican, Italian, Indian, and Chinese foods to choose from. Do any of these sound good?
Chinese sounds good. Can you give me any suggestions?|Yes, I would recommend the Peking Restaurant, located at 10 Homerton Street City Centre.  Could I reserve a table for you?
Sounds great. Make a reservation for 4 on Friday at 11:00.|That time slot is not available, would you like to try another time.
How about !0:00 instead, is that available Friday?|I believe you meant 10:00, so I went ahead and made the reservation for that time. The reference number is HRPLZ9AQ.
Thanks, that's all I need.|You're welcome! Enjoy your meal!
i need a train going to leicester that leaves after 11:45|Sure, are you going to leicester, or to cambridge? What is your departure site please?
I will be departing leicester going to cambridge, sorry for the confusion. I need to leave after 11:45 also.|The earliest train leaving after 11:45 is at 12:09 on friday. Would you like me to book this for you?
That is fine. Can I have the train ID once it's booked?|Of course, what day will you be traveling, and how many people will be in your party?
I need 1 ticket for departure on Thursday.|Great. I have booked you one seat on the 12:09 train from Leicester and your reference number is  7UR3BFW6. Is there anything else I can do for you?
Yes I want to reserve a table for 7 people at 15:00 on Thursday at an expensive African restaurant. Can you help me with this?|There are no tables available at Bedouin at that time. Would you like to try a different time slot or perhaps a different day?
Sure. If there are no other African eateries to choose from, try the 14:00 at the Bedouin.|There is one restaurant called bedouin, but unfortunately it does not have any open reservations for matching your specifications. Could you provide another day or time?
Could you get a reservation at a difference expensive African restaurant?|I was successfully able to book you a reservation for 7. The reference number is R2RPLBI3. Can I help you with anything else?
No thank you. I have everything I need.|You are welcome.  Good bye.
I am looking for an Afghan restaurant in the expensive price range.|There are none in that range, perhaps something else?
Okay, how about mexican food?|Chiquito Restaurant Bar fits that criteria. Would you like to make a reservation?
Yes, please. 7 people at 18:30 on tuesday.|Unfortunately we can not book you for that date and time. Would you like to try another date or time perhaps?
How about 17:30 instead?|That's a better time, your reference number is IV21ENWM and the table will be held for you for 15 minutes. Is there anything else you need?
Yes, I need a place to stay with free wifi. The hotel should have a 0 star rating. Do you have anything like that?|Sure, there is one option. CityRoomz, shall I book a room for you?
Is that expensive?|It is in the moderate price range.  If you give me your date of arrival, number of guests, and length of stay, I can try to make a reservation for you.
I need one that is in the expensive price range.|I'm sorry there are no hotels in the expensive range with a 0-star rating, the lowest rating for that price range is a 2-star hotel.  Are you interested?
How about a 4 star expensive place to stay that includes free wifi? Can I have the postcode, hotel type, and address of one that meets that description?|There are 2 that fit that criteria. One is in the West and the other is in the Centre. Which is better for you?
I don't care about the area.  Can you pick one and give me the postcode, hotel type, and address please?|Try University Arms Hotel in Centre. It is close to alot since it is right there on Regent Street. Postcode is cb21ad. Anything more you need today?
No thank you, that's everything I need!|Alright, thanks for using Cambridge TownInfo centre, have a great day!
While in Cambridge I need to find a restaurant called the rice boat.|Rice Boat is located at 37 Newnham Road in Newnham. Would you like to book a reservation?
Yes please, I need a table for 6 on Sunday at 17:45.|Wonderful. You're table is reserved for 15 minutes. The reference number is JM6MM56Y.
I'm also looking for a moderately priced 2 star hotel with free wifi in the south.|I was not able to find any hotels matching those requirements.
Can you try in the north then?|I was not able to find any hotels matching those requirements.
Is there any moderately priced hotels in the city centre then? I need a hotel for the same group of people for 5 nights starting the same day.|Looks like there was an error in our system earlier. There are two moderately priced hotels in the north - The Ashley and The Lovell Lodge.
Could you try to book us there for 4 nights instead?|Yes, which of the two would you prefer? Ashley Hotel or Lovell Lodge?
The Lovell Lodge sounds nice. Please try for 5 nights but we can settle with 4 if we need to.|How many people is the hotel for and which day would you like to begin your trip on?
Oh sure, It's for 5 nights starting sunday for 6 people please.|I'm sorry there is nothing available on those days. Would you like to shorten your stay or try the other hotel?
Can you try the other hotel then?|I was not able to book that one either. Can we try a different day perhaps?
Can you try booking for 4 nights instead?|I was able to book the Lovell Lodge for 4 nights starting Sunday for six people. The reference number is XTY5KJI9.
Thank you very much! That was everything i needed. Take care and have a great day.|I'm happy to have helped you. Thank you for using Cambridge TownInfo centre. Have a nice day!
I'm looking for a particular restaurant. Its name is called the hotpot.|Absolutely. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Your reference number is VWTX9T8T. Thank you!
Hi. Can you help me find a train?|what day would you like to leave?
I want to leave on Sunday, please.|Where will you be departing from?
I'll be departing from cambridge and want to arrive by 19:30 on sunday. Could I also get the train ID as well?|There are 146 departures from Cambridge on Sunday that match your arrive by time. Where is your destination?
kings lynn and I also looking for a restaurant in the south and expensive price range|Sure, I can help you with that.  First, let's find the train.  How early would you like to leave?
arriving by 19:30 on sunday. I need the train's ID please. Leaving cambridge going to kings lynn|TR3212 leaves Cambridge at 05:11 and arrives in Kings Lynn at 05:58. Will this one work for you?
I'd like something a little later in the day, please.|TR2045 leaves at 18:11 and arrives at 18:38. Would that be acceptable?
that sound just fine|Would you like me to book tickets for you?
please do. i would also like help finding an expensive restaurant.|How many seats do you need on that train?
I do not need train reservations. I need help finding a restaurant.|There are several fine restaurants.  What area and what type of food would you enjoy?
South area, and food type doesn't matter. I need it for 3 people at 15:45 on the same day, if that time doesn't work 14:45 and i'd like a reference number.|You are booked at frankie and bennys for 3 at 1545. your booking number is T01E84XG
Thank you for your help.  That is all I need.|Okay. Glad I could be of help.
Do you book trains for the bishops stortford?|Yes.  Are you departing or arriving in bishops stortford?
I am going there from Cambridge on Thursday.|I have 10 trains going to Bishops Stortford from Cambridge on Thursday. What time do you need to arrive?
I would like to arrive by 18:15.|TR0141 will have you in Cambridge by 14:07.
I need two tickets.|The TR0277 will get you there by 18:07. I can book you 2 tickets on that if you would like?
two tickets will be fine, please.|TR0277 two tickets. the total fee is 20.2 GBP payable at the station. Reference number is:  00QGJ7W5. Will there be anything else I can help you with today?
A nice place to eat that serves Austrian food. In the centre of town if possible.|I am so sorry no Austrian restaurants in that area, another food type perhaps?
Okay, do you have any good restaurants serving British food?|There are 7 restaurants in the Centre that serve British food, is there a price range you would like to stay in?
Any is fine, can I get the phone number and postcode of one you'd recommend?|i'd recommend the oak bistro. their phone number is 01223323361. their postcode is cb21eg.
great! thanks. thats all i need. goodbye.|Awesome. We're here 24/7 if you need us again. Thank you for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Have a great day!
I'm trying to find a train that leaves on Sunday and going to Cambridge. Can you help?|What is your destination?
I'm headed to cambridge.|I'm sorry, I needed to ask you from where would you be departing?
I will be departing from Ely.|The earliest train leaves at 5:35 and the latest at 23:35.  They run every 2 hours.  What time would you like to depart or arrive?
i want to leave after 14:45|How about TR9823 departing ely at 15:35 and arriving in cambridge at 15:52?  Would you like me to book a seat for you?
Wait.  Leaving for London king not Ely.  I am going to Cambridge.  I need a train for that.|TR7931 departing London Kings Cross at 15:17 and arriving in Cambridge at 116:08. Would you like me to book a seat for you?
Could I get the price and the travel time for that train?|It is 18.88 pounds and last a total of 51 minutes.
Great! Thank you! I'm also looking for a particular restaurant. Its name is called the varsity restaurant.|It is located at 35 Saint Andrews Street City Centre. It is a moderately priced international restaurant.
Thanks for the info! Can you please book me a table for 7 people at 18:45 on Sunday?|Booking confirmed. Reference number is : HAJW2I1I. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Thank you for all your help today. I appreciate it.|Glad to have been of help. Thank you for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Have a great day
Can you provide me with a great eatery in Cambridge please|I will go to the lucky star, thanks so much
I'm sorry, I don't understand what you mean. I'm looking for an expensive Indian restaurant in the center of town.|thank you, I will go to the curry garden.
Is that expensive?|Yes. The curry garden is expensive. Would you like me to book you a table there?
Is this located in the centre area?|Yes, the Curry Garden is an Indian restaurant in the centre part of town.
OK, I don't need a table right now, but I do need the address and postcode of the Curry Garden, please.|The postcode is cb21dp and address 106 Regent Street City Centre
Can you tell me about a local swimming pool in town?|There are four swimming pools in town, North, East and Centre. Can you narrow down which area you prefer?
The north please, can I get the phone number, address, and area?|The Jesus Green Outdoor Pool is located between victoria road and the river. Their number is 01223302579.
Thank you I also need a taxi between the two places, I want to leave curry garden at 12:00 and go to jesus green outdoor pool.|Okay, I have booked you a taxi between the places. A red volvo will pick you up at 12:00 at curry garden, The contact number is 07309123705.
That's everything I needed. Thank you so much for your help!|You're very welcome. Thanks for contacting Cambridge TownInfo centre and have a great day.
i need a train leaving from from birmingham new street that arrives by 11:30|What time would you like to leave and what is your destination?
I want to leave to arrive by 11:30 on Tuesday and Cambridge is my destination.|There is a bus that leaves Birmingham New Street for Cambridge at 10:40. Would you like to book it?
No thank you, but I would like the travel time for this train.|The travel time is 163 minutes. Is that sufficient?
Yes but I also would like information on finding a restaurant in the city's centre that serves Indian food.|I have 9 different options. To narrow it down some, can you tell me what price range you would prefer?
I don't really care about the price, as long as it is in city centre. You can surprise me. I'll need a table for 8 the same day.|How about Curry Garden? What time and day would you like the reservation for?
That sounds fine. I would like it booked for 17:45 for 8 people please.|And what day would you like that table reserved?
I'd like it on Tuesday, please.|Sorry, a table isn't available at that time. Would you like to try another day or time, or perhaps another place?
Could you try an hour earlier, then?|Certainly. You now have a table for your party of 8 at the Curry Garden, at 16:45. Your reference number is V24OGNJB.
Great that's all that I need, thank you for your help today.|You're welcome. Have a nice day.
I'd like a resturant in the centre of town that serves Canapes food.|Unfortunately, I don't have any available listings that fit that type. Would you like me to try another type of cuisine or area of town?
Maybe take another look? I need an expensive canapes restaurant in the centre.|I'm sorry, I could not find any restaurants fitting that description. Would you like to suggest another cuisine or location?
That's okay. Let's try European food instead, with the other details the same.|I have two available. The Eraina and Michaelhouse Cafe. Can I assist you in booking a table at either of these?
Can you just give me the postcode of Eraina?|Sure, the postcode is cb23rh. Can I be of further service today?
You've been more than helpful. Thanks but thats all I need. Have a good night.|You're welcome! Have a great day! Goodbye.
Can you find me attractions in the centre?|We have tons of attractions, what types are you looking for?
Could you give me a few different options?|There is All Saints Church which is renowned for its stunning Architecture, or Scudamores Punting Co for a more nautical adventure, or you can see a show at Vue Cinema.
Could you provide me the address of All Saints Church?|Yes, the address is jesus lane, there is no address number with that.  Anything else that I can assist with today?
Yes, I also need a moderately priced gastropub in the centre of the city.|How about The Cow Pizza Kitchen and Bar?  It meets your criteria.
I need it for four people on Thursday, at 11:00.|The booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Reference number is : XEN4SWZZ.
Thanks, that's all I needed today. I appreciate your help.|Enjoy your stay! Goodbye!
I need a train to get to stansted airport by 17:30|do you have a day that you want to travel on ?
Yeah, Tuesday. Thanks.|I will also need your departure city.
cambridge. get me the travel time|There are trains on the :08 every hour on Tuesday. The one closest to your arrival time leaves cambridge at 16:40. It's a 28 minute journey.
I also need the name and number of an expensive place to dine in the city center. Whatever you recommend.|What type of food would you like?
The restaurant should serve romanian food|There are no expensive Romanian restaurants in the centre could I look fore something else.
What about something that serves european food?|I show three expensive European restaurants in the centre. Would you like a reservation for one of them?
No, thanks, I just need the address of one of them, please.|darrys cookhouse and wine shop's address is 40270 King Street City Centre.
that is it for today thanks for helping|Glad to help enjoy your day.
I need a palce to stay that has free wifi but in the moderate price range.|There are 17 results. Can I narrow that down by a certain area?
Not really, but it should have 4 stars and be in a guesthouse.|I would recommend home from home, which is located in the north part of town at 78-80 milton road. Would you be interested in booking a room?
That sounds great. I would like to book that for 3 people and 2 nights starting from Sunday.|Okay, I've booked your guesthouse for 2 days starting on Sunday. Your reference number is XYQCAGO8. Is there anything I can help you with?
No, that is all I need today. Thank you.|you are most welome
Hi! Can you help me find a particular restaurant?|Of course, there are 110 restaurants in town. Would you like me to search by restaurant name?
Yes, I am looking for the Varsity Restaurant.|The Varsity Restaurant serves international food in the center of town. Do you want me to book it for you?
Yes, can I get a table for 4 on saturday at 15:15?|Yes, I will book a table for 4 on Saturday at 15:15.
Excellent. I'll need the reference number.|unfortunately they are filled up for that time would you like me to reserve another time or would you like to choose another restaurant.
I am look for a hotel near the beach near the main strip|Sorry, I don't think I can help you there. Can I help with something else?
I am looking for a particular restaurant called Zizzi Cambridge. Can you tell me what area it is in?|Zizzi is in the centre of town.
Excellent.  Thank you.  Also, can you assist me with finding a train for Monday?|Sure! Provide me your itinerary.
We will be traveling from Cambridge and going to Ely, but it needs to leave after 21:00.|Is there a time you need to arrive by?
I need to leave after 21:00.|I've booked you a train, the fee is 4.4 GBP and the reference number is CYJKG5SK.
i didnt really need a booking, but oh well. can i get the price of the ticket though?|4.40 pounds is the price
Thanks for the info, that's all I need today.|Thank you for contacting us, have a nice day.
You're welcome for contacting you. Have a nice day too. Bye bye.|In review, did you need a restaurant reservation or more information? Also, I have cancelled your train booking.
I am looking for a moderate priced Chinese food place.|Yes, there are 4 Chinese restaurants that are moderately priced. 3 in centre and one in north.
I need one in the centre, doesn't matter which.|Would you like me to make you a reservation at the Jinling Noodle Bar?
Yes please. I will need it at 20:00 on Saturday for 8 people. Thank you.|Booking was unsuccessful would you like me to find another restaurant?
Can you recommend a guesthouse at a moderate price?|Sure! And will you be staying in a particular area?
No area does not matter but I need free wifi.|What is the price range you would like?
I am looking for something in a moderate price range.|The Acorn guesthouse appears to meet your needs. It's in the moderate price range, has 4 stars and wifi. Would you like more information?
Yes I would like to book that for 8 people for 3 nights staring on a Wednesday.|Acorn Guest House will be expecting your party of 8 for three nights starting Wednesday. Your reference number is H9QG5YLK. Do you need anything else?
Thanks, I'm also looking for a place that serves Korean food.|Little Seoul serves Korean food in the centre area.  Would you like to know more about it?
If it is in the same price range as the hotel, may I please have the postcode and phone number?|It is actually in the expensive price range.  Would you like me to look for another place instead?
Yes. I really would prefer somewhere moderately priced.|There are no moderately priced Korean restaurants. Do you have another food type you would like to try?
Yes, I would like to see if you have any restaurants that serve Modern European food.|I have found 2 restaurants that serve Modern European food in the Centre area. Would you like me to book one for you?
No, I want to make sure that this place it to my liking first. Can you just give me their postcode and phone number so I can call them up?|riverside brasserie's name is 01223259988 and their postcode is cb21rt
that is it for today thanks alot|Thank you for calling and have a great day! Goodbye.
Hi, I am looking for restaurant in the west, somewhere that serves Northern European food.|There are no restaurants that serve northern European food in that area, would you like to try another type of cuisine or look in a different area?
Let's Try Mexican, anything for Mexican?|I can't find anything for Mexican either. Is there another location you'd like to look in?
How about an Indian restaurant?|Sure, I have tandoori palace, cocum, rice boat, maharajah tandoori restaurant, meghna. Can I book a table for you at one of these?
No thank you, but can I have their address, phone number, and postcode?|Certainly, i can provide that info, Which restaurant would you like the info for?
The Maharajah Tandoon sounds perfect. Can I get the information for them?|the maharajah tandoori restaurant serves expensive indian food. Their address is 41518 Castle Street City Centre. Their contact number is 01223358399. Would you like me to make a reservation?
Yes can give me info on the Hamilton Lodge?|Sure the Hamilton Lodge is a Guesthouse on the north side of town. It's moderately priced and has full amenities. Does that suit your needs?
Yes.  That sounds great.  I'm also going to need a taxi to get from the hotel to the restaurant.|What time would you like to leave your hotel?
I need to leave by 4:15. I would like to know what car type would pick me up and get a contact number for the driver.|The car is a red bmw. The contact number is: 07608942055.
Great. Thank you very much for you help. That is all I need today.|Thanks for contacting the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Have a wonderful day!
I want to find a college in the west.|There are 5 colleges in the west. churchill college, clare college, clare hall, magdalene college, and queens' college.
Could you tell me the entrance fee for clare hall please?|The entrance to Clare Hall is free. Anything else you need?
Could you please provide me with the address and phone number?|the phone number is 01223332360 and address isherschel road
What kind of moderately priced restaurants are in that area? I want to eat after I visit the college.|There are 3 moderate restaurants in the west area. Would you like british, indian, or italian food?
I don't care, suprise me!|Okay! I'll recommend Meghna, a moderately-priced Indian restaurant. Would you like me to book you a table?
Yes, please book it and provide me with the postcode.|Before I can book your table I will need to know how many will be in your party and at what time you will be dining.
It will just be me at the restaurant. Please book a table for one at 17:30.|Can you give me a day, as well?
Any day they have an opening is fine with me|I booked you for Monday at 17:30 at the Meghna. Your reference code is CM20CXJ6.
May I get the postcode of the restaurant, please?|the postcode is cb43lf. Do you need help with anything else ?
No that is all I needed. thank you!|welcome andhave yourself a great day.
Thanks! You too! Bye!|Have a great dinner in Cambridge.  Goodbye.
I need to see some train times for Wednesday.|There are 404 trains running on Wednesday, what point of departure and point of arrival are you interested in?
I need to depart from ely and arrive by 16:30.|I can help you with that. How early do you want to leave because we have trains running as early as 5:35
i want to arrive by 16:30 if possible.|The TR2211 will  leave Ely Wednesday arriving at 15:52.  Would you like to book that one?
Yes book that for me thank you|I will book that for you now.
Thank  you and I need a reference number|How many tickets will you need?
Just one ticket and thank you|Okay. I have booked one ticket for you. The reference number is EHRSRM7K and it will cost 4.4 GBP.
No, that is all. Thank you so much. Goodbye|Thank you for using our system!
Can you help me find somewhere in town to go to for entertainment?|Which area would you like to go?
Preferably the town centre.|I'm sorry but I'm not finding any entertainment attractions in the city centre, would you like me to try another area?
No, that's ok. How about colleges? Can you recommend a good one in the centre of town?|I always like to visit Christ's College when I am in the area. The address is Saint Andrew's Street. Is there anything else I can do for you today?
Yes, please. I;m also looking for an expensive place to dine in the same area as the college. Can you help me with that?|There are 33 results. Is there a certain type of food you'd like to have?
If there is a restaurant which serves Indian food, that would be perfect.|Curry garden is an expensive restaurant serving Indian food, would you like that?
Before I book the restaurant, I wanted to finish getting information on Christ's College. I have the address. I just need the postcode and phone number, please?|phone is 01223334900 and postcode is cb23bu is there anything else ?
I would like to find a Danish restaurant with a moderate price range.|There are no matches, can I try something else?
No, that's fine.|Can I help you find another place to dine?
Yeah, how about something that serves European food?|Sure, I can find that for you.  Is there a particular section of town that you were looking at?
I definitely would like it to be in the centre, please.|I would suggest galleria.
Okay. I'd like to reserve a table.|For when and how many?
A table for 7 at 12:15 on Wednesday. After booking please provide the reference number. Also need a train departing from Liverpool on Wednesday and arrive by 09:30 going to Cambridge.|You are booked at Galleria for 12:15 on Wednesday. Your reference number is: ROEZ39JR.
I also need to get a train on Wednesday from London Liverpool Street.|There are 10 trains departing London Liverpool Street on Wednesday? Do you have a departure time in mind?
I need a train that arrives in Cambridge by 09:30, please.|TR8813 arrives in cambridge at 09:07. The cost is 16.60 pounds. Would you like me to book it for you?
Yes please! Could you book me seats for 7 people?|You are booked on TR8813 with the reference number NFC67U5I. The total fee is 116.2 GBP payable at the station. It departs london liverpool street at 07:39.
Thank you! That is all I need.|Great! Glad I could be of help.
I want a moderately priced restaurant and serves asian oriental food. What is the address and phone number?|there is an Asian Oriental place at 40428 King Street City Centre. You can call them at 01223 518111.
Thank you goodbye.|Thank you for using our system!   Have a great day!
I'm looking for a cheap restaurant in the centre.|There are several options to choose from in the centre in the cheap price range. What kind of food are you in the mood for?
I don't really have a preference.  I just need something for Sunday at 18:00.  There will be 2 of us.|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Reference number is : EYEGC64E. Dojo Noodle Bar. Is there anything else?
I need a train from kings lynn to cambridge, if possible.|There are 133 trains available. Tell me more about your trip.
I'd like to arrive by 08:00, and I'd like to travel on the same day that I'm going to the Noodle Bar.|I have train TR5198 departing at 07:11 and arriving at 07:58. Would that work for you?
Yes, that works great. Could you book 2 tickets for me please?|Booking is successful, you will need to pay 15.68 at the station, your reference number is 9NJNSEIC., anything else that I can help with?
No thank you. That will be it.|Thank you, enjoy the rest of your day
I need help finding an expensive restaurant in the centre, can you help me please?|I'd love to help. We have 33 expensive restaurants. Do you have a cuisine you'd prefer?
Yes, I'm looking for gastropub food.|I have found the backstreet bistro and the slug and lettuce, which one would you like more information on?
Do anything of them serve gastropub food?|Yes both are in the expensive price range
Any one will be fine. I need the reference number please after its booked.|Can I have the munber in your party and the day and time you would like to book?
I want to book a table for 4 people at 16:15 on a Tuesday please.|Okay I was able to book you then at The Slug and Lettuce and your reference number is FSOF58OO.
that is great! thank you for all your help.|Great! Here is the address, 34 - 35 Green Street.
Thank you so much. That is all I need.|Thank you for calling and have a great day.
I'm looking for information about a restaurant named the golden wok.|Golden Wok is a moderately priced Chinese restaurant in the North part of Cambridge. Would you like more information?
Could you book me a table for 5 on Saturday at 12:00?|A table has been booked and will be held for 15 minutes. The reference number is 67II8018. May I help you with anything else?
That is all thank you!|Thank you for using our system!
i'm looking for a mexican restaurant|I have found one.  The Chiquito Restaurant Bar is in the south side of town.  Would you like me to make a reservation for you?
Is it expensive?|Yes it is. Would you like a reservation there?
Actually, I was looking for a Mexican restaurant in the centre of town.|I'm sorry the only mexican restaurant is located in the south.
What about a gastropub?|We have 4 options! Is there a price range you'd like to stay in?
Yes, I'm looking for a restaurant in the expensive price range in the city centre. Mexican is my first choice. If none is available, gastropub is fine.|Backstreet Bistro looks like a top choice, shall i book you for there?
Yes a table for four please.|I will go ahead and book that for you.
Thank you. Oh wait! It needs to be a table for 2.|No problem.  What day and time were you thinking?
We need a table for Tuesday at 12:30 please.|You are booked for Backstreet Bistro for 2 people. Your reference number is  P4P2R28V. May I help with something else?
What is the address and postcode of the Backstreet Bistoro?|They are located at 2 Sturton Street City Centre postal cb12qa, have I been able to resolve all of your questions today?
I also want to find an attraction called Corpus Christi.|Corpus Christi is a college in town centre. It is located at king's parade, postcode cb21rh.  The entrance fee is 2 pounds. Do you need their phone number?
Thanks for all your help. That will be all for today. Goodbye.|Have a great time.
I am looking for a restaurant that serves Thai food and is in the expensive price range.|bangkok city is a recommended thai restaurant in the centre.
what is the address and phone number ?|Bangkok City is at 24 Green Street City Centre, and the phone number is 01223 354382. Can I help you with anything else?
Thank you good bye.|Thank you for using our system. Goodbye.
No further assistance needed. Goodbye.|Thank you.
I am looking for a cheap place to have a meal.|Sure, do you want to eat at a specific location or have a type of food you like?
The type of food doesn't matter to me, but I would like the restaurant to be in the north.|Okay there is indian and italian food. Which do you prefer?
Italian sounds good. I need a reservation for Thursday at 16:15, please.|How many will be in your party?
I need a table for 3 people.|You have a table at da vinci pizzeria. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : BSAJGSJ8.  Do you need anything else today?
That is all for now. Thank you|Thank you, have a good day.  Goodbye.
I need the address of a restaurant that serves gastropub food.|The cow pizza kitchen and bar serves Gastropub food.  Their address is Corn Exchange Street in the centre area.
Thank  you.|You're welcome. Bye
I am looking for a museum on the west side of town.|There are 7 museums in the west.
Which one is the cheapest?|I would go with kettle's yard since it is free. Would you like more information?
What is the address?|Their address is Castle Street, cb30aq. Will there be anything else I can assist you with today?
I am also wanting to find out some info on a restaurant called The Gardenia.|That is a great Mediterranean place. What would you like to know about it?
i would like to make a reservation there for Wednesday. There will be 6 people.|Alright I will connect you so you will get tickets for the event.
Event?  I want to book a table at a restaurant please.|What time would you like your reservation?
Let's shoot for 16:45 please.|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : KF2WIGAS. Can I help with anything else today?
Yes, I will need a taxi to commute between the to places.|I have you leaving at 16:15 and arriving at 16:45. It'll be a white volvo and the number is 07193127325
Thank you so much.|is there anything else I can help you with today?
No thank you that will be all|Thank you for contacting Cambridge TownInfo centre. I enjoyed helping you. Goodbye.
I'd like to find a restaurant that serves Chinese food in the south please.|There are 3 restaurants in the South part of town that serve Chinese food. Would you like more information on one of them?
Yes, I would prefer an expensive one please.|I have two that would be on the expensive side. The Good Luck Chinese Food Takeaway and the Peking Restaurant. Can I reserve a table for you at either of these?
No, not yet, thanks.  Could you give me the address/postcode for Peking Restaurant?|The address for peking restaurant is 10 homerton street city centre and its postcode is cb28nx.
Alright, sounds good.|Is there anything else I can do for you?
No, that's all.  Thanks!|You're welcome.  Have a great day! Goodbye.
Hi, I need a place to eat in the centre for a medium price range. What do you have that you can suggest?|We have 21 of those, including those serving british food and many other types.  Can you narrow it down some?
Sure, can you try to find a british restaurant?|Cotto is very good.  Can I reserve a table for you?
That sounds great. I need a reservation for 6 people at 14:45 on Wednesday.|I was able to make a reservation for 6 people at Cotto on Wednesday at 14:45.  Your reference number is RX6XP8KP.
Thanks, that's all I needed today. Goodbye!|Please contact us anytime. Good Bye.
Hi, I am looking for a nice hotel to stay in.  I would like it to include free parking.  Internet access is not necessary.|i have many. will you please state the price?
I don't care about the price.|acorn guest house is a 4 star hotel located north of cambridge would you like to reserve?
Do they have internet?|Yes it does. Shall I book it?
Yes, please. I need to book 3 nights starting on Friday for 5 people.|Will you be needing a reference number?
Yes, please give me reference number.|Booking was successful.
Reference number is : 7OLQYP67.  What else can I assist you with today?
I'd also like a recommendation for a restaurant in the same area as the hotel.|What food type are you interested in?
surprise me what is the best choice ?|Saigon city is Asian oriental and is in the north as the hotel is. It is expensive. Shall I book it for you?
Yes, please. I need reservations for 12:30 on Friday. There are 5 in my group.|Your table has been booked. Your reference number is LPQVDDE9.
That is all. Thank you.|I am glad I could help you with lodging and dining from the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Good bye.
I am looking for a particular restaurant. Its name is called travellers rest|It is an expensive British restaurant on the west side of town. Would you like the address?
Yes, and can you book a table for 1 at 14:15 on Monday, please.|Ok. You're all set for Monday at 14:15. Have a great day.
I want a cheap restaurant in the west part of town. what is the address and phone number?|I have found two that may work. first, la margherita is at 15 Magdalene Street City Centre, phone is 01223 315232. second one serves vietnamese at 17 Magdalene Street City Centre, number is 01223 362456
Is there anything else, if so give me their address and phone number.|Those are the only listings in the west part of town. Would you like to change your location or price range?
No thank you.|Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, that's fine.  Thank you!|Thank you very much for using the Cambridge Restaurant system.
Hi, I have a business meeting and I'm looking for an expensive place to eat in the city centre.|Sure, I can help you with that.  Did you have any specific requirements?
I'm sure Moroccan food will impress my clients. Are there any restaurants that serve it?|Unfortunately you won't be able to impress your clients. We don't have any Moroccan restaurants in town. Do you want to look for something else?
Can you search for British food instead?|Yes, there are several. Would you like an expensive one such as Fitzbillies to impress your clients?
Yes, please book a reservation at Fitzbillies for 4 people at 13:30 on wednesday. Oh! Can I please get the reference number?|Okay your booking was successful and you reference number is  9H9V7J2Z.
Thank you. I also need info on a college to visit in the town centre. Anyone will do. Whatever you recommend.|Corpus christi college located at king's parade and the postcode is cb21rh.
Great thanks, what is their entrance fee and phone number?|their phone number is 01223338000 and the admission is 2 pounds
Thank you for all your help. Goodbye.|Goodbye! Enjoy your time in Cambridge!
Yes, I need help finding a restaurant there in Cambridge.|There are quite a few restaurants here in the city! Did you have a particular type of food in mind, or a price range you'd like to stay within?
I am actually looking for Efes Restaurant.  I would like to book a table for 7 people on Sunday at 19:30.  And please provide a reference number.|Ok your Booking was successful you Reference number is 3G02X88X.
Thanks. Can you check on trains for me?|As there are quite a few trains, what is your destination, departure, and arrival time needed? I will narrow them down for you.
I will be departing birmingham new street on Sunday. I want to arrive at cambridge by 14:15.|TR7468 would arrive Cambridge at 13:23. Would that work fine for you?
That would be great. I will need 7 tickets booked please.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 420.56 GBP payable at the station .
Reference number is : UI1LGPAY.
Thank you for your help. That's all I need. Have a nice day.|Thank you and enjoy your stay in cambridge!
I am looking for a place to visit in town that is architecture.|What kind of architecture are you looking for? Churches or schools?
I'd like churches, and any really old buildings.  If you could give me the addresses of a few of those that would be great.|All saints church is on jesus lane with free entrance, great saint mary's church is located at market square and has an entrance fee of 2 pounds.
What is the post code for that place and the area of town it is in?|The postcode for All Saints Church is cb58bs and it is located in the city center.
Great. I also need a gastropub restaurant in the east that is expensive.|I have the royal standard. Would you like me to make a booking for you?
Yes please.  For 3 people at 12:45 on Friday.|You are set, the reference number is 8XDU4HAN, can I help with anything else?
Thank you that is all I needed today.|Thank you for using the help desk, enjoy your day.
Please find a place to eat that serves Indian food.|There are several is there a price range or area you prefer?
Yes, I would like it to be in the west.|There are 6 results. Is there a certain pricerange you'd like?
Thank you! I would like to go to an expensive restaurant, please.|I would recommend Tandoori Palace at 68 Histon Road Chesterton. The food there is great. Would you like for me to book a reservation for you?
Yes 4 people on 18:15 on friday.  Should be a fin way to start the weekend.|Your booking was successful. Your reference number is OPAF3JMB. Is there anything else I can do for you today?
Yes, I'm also looking for a nightclub to go to in the same area.|There are no nightclubs in the west, would you like me to do another searchby area or attraction type?
How about a museum then?|There are 7 museums in the west. Would you prefer one with free admission?
Yes please.|The cafe jello gallery has free admission and is located at 13 magdalene street, postcode cb30af.  Would you like information on any others?
No, that is all the information I need. Thank you.|You're welcome, have a great day!
Need a place to eat that has caribbean food, somewhere in south of town.|Okay, I don't have anything on the Southside. We can try another cuisine or a different location.
ok what about on any other side of Town?|There are no places to eat with that food, another type perhaps?
How about one that serves indian food instead?|Might I suggest curry garden? They are in the centre and are in the expensive price range.
That sounds good. What is the address and postcode for Curry Garden?|Curry Garden is located at 106 Regent Street City Centre, cb21dp. Would you like me to book a table for you?
No thank you, I do need help finding a place to stay that has free parking though.|There are 29 hotels do you have any other requirements?
I prefer the room to be in a hotel.|There are eight. You might like The Lensfield Hotel, it's in the south of town. Would you like to book a room there?
yes please. Can you make the booking for two nights?|How many people will be staying?
I think I'll hold off on that reservation. Does that hotel have free Internet? I do want to book a taxi if you can do that.|The hotel does come with free wifi.  For the taxi, what is your departure site and destination<  I will also need time frames you want.
From the Curry Garden to the hotel.  I want to leave the restaurant by 23:45.|Thank you, I was able to book a taxi for 23:45. It will be a red volvo and the contact number is 07162285520.
Thanks, that's all I need. Have a nice day.|You're welcome. Enjoy!
Hi there. Are there any colleges in the centre of town that you know of?|There are 13 colleges in the centre of town. Are you looking for a particular one?
Not particularly, can you make a recommendation?|Christ's college is in the centre of town and has free admission.
Okay. Get me their phone number, address and postcode. Can you give me information on a restaurant called The Gandhi?|Christ's College phone number is 01223334900 and their address is saint andrew's street, cb23bu. The Gandhi is a cheap Indian restaurant in the centre of town.
Can you please give me the phone number for The Gandhi?|The phone number for The Gandhi is 01223353942. Is there any thing else I can help you with?
Yes. Can you please book a taxi between The Gandhi and Christ's College. I want to leave the restaurant by 08:45|I've booked your taxi to leave the restaurant by 08:45. The car type is a white ford and the contact number is 07792703119
That is all I need. Thank you.|Perfect! I'm glad I could help you with your travel plans today.
I am looking to eat at an expensively priced mexican place.  Can you help me?|There is one mexican restaurant in the expensive range, chiquito restaurant bar.  Would you like more information or a booking?
That sounds great!  I need to book for 3 people on Friday at 19:30.  I will need a reference number.|The booking was successful. Reference number is : GOJIRRQ4.
OK, thank you so much!|Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, I need a place to stay. It needs to be a hotel and doesn't not need to have free parking.|We have several hotels, including one in the South, the same area as the restaurant.  It is expensive, but we have others in other areas as well.
I need it to be cheap with free wifi.|The cambridge belfry is a chear foru star hotel, would you like me to book you?
no, just get postcode, address, and star of the hotel.|it is 4 star and the address is back lane, cambourne, the post code is cb236bw. is there something else i could help you with?
Yes, I would like to book a taxi.|Sure! What will be you departing and arriving destinations?
From the cambridge belfry to chiquito restaurant bar.  We won't be fit to drive!|Totally understand that. When would you like to arrive?
I would like to arrive before 19:30.|a yellow toyota will be picking you up and the contact number is 07656739082, anything else today?
No, that will be all. Thank you for your help!|Thank you for using our system today!
Hi there, can you help me find a park to visit please?|We have 79 parks in the Cambridge area, what area of Cambridge would you like to go to a park in?
Can you please provide me with the postcode, entrance fee and address of a park in the south?|There are two parks in the south, The Wandlebury and Sheeps Green. Which are you more interested in?
How about getting me the address and postcode and entrance fee for The Wandlebury. I also am looking for a restaurant called La Mimosa.|Wandlebury's address is Wandlebury Ring, Gog Magog Hills, Babraham, postcode cb223ae. No entrance fee. La Mimosa is located in the city centre, address is Thompsons Lane Fen Dilton. Anything else?
Could you book a table for me please? I need a reservation for 8 people at 15:45 on Friday.|All right, your table is reserved. The reference number is SX6ZASAF.
That's all I need, thanks for the help!|You're welcome. Enjoy your time in Cambridge.
Thanks I will.  That is everything I needed.|Have a great day, goodbye.
I want something in the north part of town. Moderately priced.|What kind of food would you like?
any type of food will be fine as long as it's moderately priced and in the north part of town.|Golden wok is located in the north part of town, is moderately priced and serves Chinese food.
I've actually had a bad experience at the Gold Wok. Is there another moderately priced restaurant in the north?|Would you instead be interested in The Nirala, which serves Indian food?
Sounds good.  What is the postcode and phone number?|The post code and phone number for The Nirala is C.B 4, 1 U.Y and phone is 01223 360966
Thank you. Goodbye.|Goodbye.
I need a taxi.|Ok. Where are you going?
I guess first I'd better find a place to stay. I'm looking for a moderately priced guesthouse and it should include free wi-fi and parking.|I have several places that meet your needs. Is there a specific part of town you'd like to stay in?
Not really, but which of these have the best rating?|The acorn guest house is the highest recommended guesthouse with 4 stars.
Ok, could you give me the address, phone number, and postcode please?|Certainly, acorn guest house is located at 154 chesterton road, postcode cb41da,  and their phone is 01223353888.  Can I help you with anything else?
Yes I'm looking for somewhere to eat that does barbecue? Is there anywhere like this in the city center? If there's no barbecue, what about Japanese?|I didn't happen to have any barbeque restaurants but I did find a japanese restaurant in the centre of town. It's called Wagamama. Can I book that for you?
Yes, that will work. Can I get the restaurant address please?|Yes their address is 36 Saint Andrews Street. Will there be anything else?
No, that is all I need at this time. Thanks for your help.  Have a nice day.|You're very welcome. Thanks for contacting us here at the Cambridge TownInfo centre and I hope you have a great day!
I want a place with austrian food.|I'm sorry, I don't have a restaurant that serves austrian food. Do you have a second choice?
Ok, how about a place with Spanish food?|There is la raza, a cheap spanish restaurant located at 4 - 6 Rose Crescent. There is also la tasca, a moderately priced spanish restaurant located at 14 -16 Bridge Street.
Thanks for your help! Goodbye.|Thank you for using our system. Goodbye.
Hello, I'd like some information on a train departing from kings lynn.|I can certainly help you find a train leaving from Kings Lynn. What day would you like to go?
I want to leave on Sunday.|What time do you need to be in Cambridge?  I have 19 trains available.  Can you help me sort this out better for you?
09:15 please, thank you for your help.|Do yo have a preferred time to leave?
Departure time isn't important as long as I can get to Cambridge by 09:15.|I have a deaprting at 5:11. Shall I book you one?
No, not today.  Can you just give me the train ID and travel time?  I guess I will need that departure time too.  Thanks.|Train TR6003 departs Kings Lynn at 05:11. The travel time is 47 minutes. It will get you to Cambridge at 05:58.
Thanks, I also need an expensive thai restaurant.|I have 2 options for you. Sala Thong is located in the west. And Bangkok City is located in the centre. Which would you prefer?
Which one has thai food?|Both choices serve Thai.  I prefer sala thong.
Could you give me the phone number and address of sala thong?|No problem. The number is 01223323178 and they are located at 35 Newnham Road Newnham. Is there anything else you need help with today?
Can I also get the postcode please?|Sure. The post code is cb39ey. Is there anything else I can find for you today?
No that will be all, thanks.|I hope when you come the weather will be clement.
I'm looking for a cheap restaurant. Can you help?|Sure, what kind of food were you interested in?
I don't have a preference. Just need it to be cheap and in the south.|Nandos is my favorite. Cheap but excellent Portuguese place. Would you like a table there?
please get me their address.|Sure, it's Cambridge Leisure Park Clifton Way cb17dy.  Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, I need a place to stay, a guesthouse please.|I will be happy to help with that, is there a certain area you were looking to stay at?
I'm looking for something in Cambridge, probably in the south as well, but it's not necessary.|bridge guest house has a 3 star rating and is at 151 hills road
Is Bridge Guest House in the south? If so, I will also need a taxi to take me from the restaurant to the guesthouse.|Yes bridge guesthouse is in the south. Sure when would you like to leave the restaurant?
What is the star of that hotel? The address, including area of town too.|It is rated 3 stars and is in the south and its address is 151 Hills Road.
Great, thanks.  Can you also help me get a taxi from the restaurant?|sure, when would you like arrive by?
Thanks! I don't care, I just want to leave at 06:45, please.|Alright ive booked you a red volkswagen from nanfos to the bridge guesthouse that leaves at 06:45. their contact number is 07562063340. Anything else I can do to help?
Thanks that's all I need.|OKay, I am glad I could assist.
Thanks again, goodbye.|you are welcome to Cambridge
Hi, can you look up Darrys Cookhouse and Wine Shop for me?|I sure can! Darry's Cookhouse is an expensive modern european restaurant in the center of town. They are located at 40270 King Street City Centre. Can I make you a reservation by chance?
That's it.  Can you make a reservation for me?  There are 5 of us and we would like to reserve Sunday at 11:45 if possible.|Reservation made. The reference number is FIQY6RR9.
Thank you for the helpful information!|No problem at all. What else can I do for you?
That is all, thanks. Have a nice day. Bye!|You as well! Goodbye!
I'd like to get moderately-priced Polynesian food.|Sorry, but there aren't any restaurants of that type. Would you like to try a different cuisine?
Well is there perhaps a cheap option serving that type of food in the center?|No I'm sorry there isn't anything fitting those details. Can we try a different area or type of food?
How about British food?|I have 5 moderately priced British restaurants in the centre but I do not have any cheap ones.  Would you like me to book one of these?
No thank you. Can you recommend me one and give me their phone number and address?|The Cotto is a great choice. Their phone number is 01223302010 and adress 183 East Road City Centre. Is there anything else I can help you with?
As long as they serve British cuisine and moderately priced, that sounds great. Thanks for your help.|They are indeed. Is there anything else you need today?
No, that's everything. Thank you!|Thank you for contacting us and have a great day!
I would like to find a hotel in the east. Can you help me?|Sure, Express by holiday inn cambridge is located in the east. Free internet & parking 2 stars. Phone number is 01223866800
I'd actually like to find a guesthouse in the east instead. I'd still like it to have free wifi.|I have about 6 different ones. Do you have a preference on price range? I have cheaper options and moderately priced ones.
The price does not matter. I would like it to be booked for 7 people for 2 nights starting from Friday.|I can book you into the allenbell. It is a cheap price range with free wifi and parking.
Great, let's try booking a room there.|The booking was unsuccessful do you have another choice?
Maybe just a one night stay then, try that.|Alright, I was successful in booking the Allenbell for Friday for 7 people at one night. Your reference code is 7D76ELJF. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Can you also find me an expensive British restaurant in the same area as the hotel?|The grafton hotel restaurant sounds perfect for you. Would you like me to make a booking?
Yes please. Could you provide me with their postcode, phone number, and address as well?|What time on Friday would you like to reserve your table?  Also, will it be the 7 people?
Actually, no need to book. I just need the postcode, phone number and address for the Grafton Hotel Restaurant. Thanks.|It is located at Grafton Hotel 619 Newmarket Road Fen Ditton, postcode cb58pa. Their phone number is 01223241387. Can I assist you with anything else?
I'd like to book a taxi from the hotel at 18:30 to the restaurant.|Your booking is completed. Your car type is a blue bmw and contact number is 07515734744. May I help you with anything else?
No, I think that covers everything. Thanks so much for your help!|Thank you for using our system!
I need a place to eat in the centre of town.|There are a lot of restaurants to choose from in the centre, what type of food do you want to eat?
Can you please search for  indian food.|I have many choices in the city center. Are you looking for something expensive or cheap?
I want something expensive.|How about Curry Garden on Regent Street?
That would be fine. I would like reservations on wednesday for 3 people at 18:15.|The curry garden will be expecting your party on Wednesday at 18:15. Your reference is 925W0ZE2. Is there anything else I can do for you today?
Yes. I also need a 4 star hotel.|There are 21 4 star options. Do you need internet or parking?
Parking doesn't matter, but I want it to be in the same area as the restaurant.|There are two 4 star choices in the centre.   A cheap guesthouse as well as an expensive hotel. Would you like to book one today?
I'll like a hotel with free internet|I have two results for you. Do you prefer a guesthouse or a hotel
Either will do - which place do you think is better?|I would recommend University arms hotel. Would you like me to make reservations for you?
Does it have free parking? Also I need to know if they have free internet. The address and the type of hotel it is, got it?|It does have free parking. It is a hotel. The address is regent street, post code cb21ad. Would you like me to make a reservation?
Yes, please make a reservation for 3 people.|when will you be arriving and how many rooms?
I actually don't need a booking at this time. I have everything I need. Thank you, goodbye!|Glad to be of help. Have a nice day.
I am looking for a moderate priced restaurant in the centre of town please.|There are over 20 options that fit that criteria, do you have a specific food type in mind?
Not really...but I do need to make a reservation for 3 on Tuesday. At 3:45 in the afternoon?|There are five options that are in Centre part of town.
I'd like to find out more about the bloomsbury restaurant|Certainly! It is an international restaurant in the Centre of town. It is moderately-priced. It is at the Crowne Plaza Hotel, at 20 Downing Street. Would you like a reservation?
Yes please, Friday at 18:15 for 7 people.|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.Reference number is : G0X4NIAA. is there any way i can be of help to you?
Well, I'm also looking to stay somewhere for a bit.  I need someplace with free wifi and parking.|Yes, there are a number of hotels with free parking and WiFi, what area do you wish to stay?
I would like a hotel in the western part of town.|There are four choices. Does it matter whether it is a hotel or guest house? Or any other preferences?
Looking specifcally for a hotel, can you book me for 7 people for 5 nights on friday|Would you prefer cheap or expensive?
I don't have a preference.|Booking was successful at the cambridge belfry, Reference number is : TNJXRQR5. Can I assist you with anything further?
That is everything I needed.  Thanks!|Thank you for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre service!
I need a 4-star hotel.|There are 21 four star hotels. Would you like to narrow it down by area or price range?
I would like to stay in the 4 star hotel in the south. I don't want to stay in a guesthouse.|I don't have a hotel with 4 stars in the south. Would you like to change the area or star rating?
I guess I have no choice but to try something else. Can you see if there is a guesthouse in the south with 4 stars?|We have two guesthouses in the south, one moderately priced, the other cheap. Do you have a preference?
Thank you! I do not have a preference, but I do need for the place to have internet.|Aylesbray lodge guest house has internet and is in the moderate price range.  Would you like to book a room there?
Yes please. Can you also provide me with the postcode?|Sure! It is cb17sr
Could you assist me in finding a restaurant? We are going all out so would like an expensive one near the hotel.|I have a few pricey restaurants near your hotel. We have the Good Luck Chinese Food Takeaway, and Frankie and Bennies, if you'd like British. Do either of those interest you?
Any expensive restaurant int he south will work, what ever you want to recommend. I need a booking for Tuesday, 5 people at 17:00.|Reference number is : 54F41GMV. The God Luck Chinese Food Takeaway. Is there anything else?
Thank you very much. I think that's all that I need right now.|Great, have a wonderfule day!
I'm looking for a British restaurant on the west side.|There are 3 restaurants that meet your criteria. Is there a particular price range you are wanting to stick with? There are two expensive ones and one moderate priced one.
Could you recommend one of the expensive ones?|Graffiti is on the west side of town, serves a wonderful British menu and falls in the expensive price range. Would you like to reserve a table?
Yes. I need a booking for thursday at 17:00 for 8 people.|Booking was successful. Can I get you anything else, then?
Yes I need the reference number please.|The reference number is ZF7XHMYX.
Excellent. That is everything!|Great. Have a great day!
I need to find a swimming pool in the north.|There are 2 swimming pools in the north, jesus green outdoor pool and kings hedges learner pool. Which one would you like more information on?
Kings Hedges sounds good, what postcode are they in? And do they have an entrance fee?|Kings Hedges Learner Pool is in postcode cb42xh. Their entrance fee is a bit of a mystery, however, I don't have any firm numbers. Can I help with anything else?
Yes, I need some information about a restaurant called pizza express.|Certainly! What information specifically are you looking for?
I'd like to know if I can book a reservation for 7 people at 18:00 monday.|Were you looking for a booking at Pizza Express or Pizza Express Fen Ditton?  They are both in the centre of town.
Either one will work, I just need to book for 7 people at 18:00 on monday?|The booking was not successful. Would you like to try another day/time?
How about 17:00?|I've got you booked at 17:00 for 7 at Pizza Express.
Great I also need a taxi that will get me from the pool to the restaurant by 17:00.|I was able to book that taxi for you. Be looking for a red Toyota. If you need to reach them, please contact 07360365370. Is there anything else?
Great that was all I needed today, thank you!|Thank you for using our service. Have a wonderful evening. Goodbye.
I'm looking for an expensive restaurant in the south.|There are several options available, is there a particular type of cuisine that you are interested in?
One that serves curry. Is there a nice Indian restaurant?|There is in fact. It's called Taj Tandoori. Would you like to know more information?
Actually, what about an expensive Chinese restaurant in that area instead?|I have The Good Luck Chinese Food Takeaway. It's located at 82 Cherry Hinton Road Cherry Hinton. What time and for how many people please?
I only require the postcode and phone number.|Their postcode is cb17ag, and phone number is 01223244149
thank you very much.|You're welcome. Can I help you with anything else?
I also need a train leaving from Cambridge on Friday.|What is the destination and what time would you like to leave?
I'm going to london liverpool street and I'd like to leave sometime after 08:15|5 trains found. The earliest times are 9:59 and 11:59. Which would you like to book?
I would be interested in the train leaving at 9:59. Can you book me for that one for 1 person? And can I get the arrival time and train ID please.|Of course! I have you booked on TR1750 arriving at 13:27 with reference number 3XB7W40D. The total fee is 16.6 GBP payable at the station. Anything else I can do?
Yes could you please confirm the travel time as well for TR1750?|The duration for your train ride is 88 minutes long.
Thank you very much.|You're welcome. Did you need anything else?
No, you have given me everything i need. Thank you very much.|You're welcome. Thank you for using our service!
I am looking for an expensive place to dine in the centre of town.|Great Kymmoy is in the centre of town and expensive.
I want to book a table for 3 people at 14:00 on Saturday.|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Reference number is : VBPWAD3J.
Thank you so much. I would also like to find a train to take me to Kings Lynn by 10:15.|There are 35 departures with those criteria. What time do you want to leave?
The train should arrive by 10:15 please on Sunday please.|How many tickets will you need?
Just one ticket. I will need the train ID, cost of ticket and exact departure time as well.|There is a train arriving in Kings Lynn on Sunday at 09:58. It departs at 09:11 and costs 7.84 pounds. The train ID is TR6088.
Great! That's all I needed. Thanks a lot for the help.|Glad I could help!
I need to find a Chinese food restaurant to dine at located in the north. Can you help?|I'm here to help!  There are 2 expensive restaurants and 1 moderate price.  Do you have a preference?
Nah, just book me a table at your favorite! I need it at 12:45 on Thursday. Table for 6, please.|You are all booked at Hakka, located on Milton Road in Chesterton.  Great place. Your reference number is 76N3GIHO and the table will be held for 15 minutes.
I also need a hotel that has free parking and wifi.|Ashley hotel offers parking and wifi and is within moderate pricing range. Would you like me to book a room for you?
Is it a guesthouse or a hotel?|Were you looking for a hotel with a guesthouse?
I need to book for 6 people, 2 nights, starting on thursday.|I have 2 hotels that are available. Would you like to book one?
yes please, for 6 people starting thurs. for 2 nights, I need the confirmation # too please|You're booked at Ashley Hotel! Your reference number is SPSKXM90.
Thank you! I also need a taxi to get to the restaurant.|Sure! Do you have a time preference?
I want to commute between the hotel and restaurant. I need to be at the restaurant by the booked time,12:45.|Ok! I booked that for you! Your car will be a red volvo. The contact number is 07919056928. Is there anything else I can do for you?
No, that should be all. Thank you.|You're very welcome. Please contact us again, if we can be of further service.
I am looking for a restaurant that is moderately priced and in the north part of town.|The Golden Wok is in the north part of town and is in the moderate price range.
No I am not interested in the Golden Wok, is there anything else?|The Nirala is also located in the north and moderately priced.  It serves Indian food.
Great! Can I have the phone number and postcode please?|The nirala is located at 7 milton road chesterton. Its phone number is 01223 360966 and the postcode is CB41UY. Is there anything else I can help you with?
That is all I needed.  Thank you.|Thank you for using this system and please call us again. Goodbye.
Bye|Thank you for using the Cambridge restaurant sytem.  Good bye.
I need some information on a place to eat call the nirala.|The nirala is an indian restaurant in the north side in the moderate price range. Would you like to make a booking?
Can you book it for me and get a reference number ?|I can book it for you but first I will need to know what day and time you need in addition to how many will be in your party.
Thank you! Will you please book a table for 1 for 13:30 on Monday?|Your table is reserved. Your reference number is 2X07EN14.
Thank you my table has been reserved and my number is 2X)7EN14.|Is that all that you will be needing today?
I also need a 4-star place to stay in the west, and it needs to have free parking.|There are 3 options that meet your criteria. Would you prefer a hotel or guesthouse?
No, no preference.|Did you have a preference between cheap and expensive?
I do not care, book it for the same group of people and 2 nights starting from the same day.|Your reservation for 1 at the cambridge belfry this monday for 3 days 2 nights was successful.Your Reference number is: K7N43WRV Is there anything else I can help you with
I now need a taxi for the 2 places|Sure! Where are you going to first and from where please?
I'm going to the nirala restaurant from the hotel|Ok, I am getting the info up now, what time would you like to be there by?
I have to make it there before 13:30.|You are booked in a blue audi.  The contact number is 07195096632.
Thank you. I believe that is everything I need at this time.|alright, enjoy your day.
Hi.  I'm looking for a moderately priced restaurant.|de luca cucina and bar is a modern european restaurant in the centre
I need something that's in the east part of town.|Curry prince is moderately priced and located at 451 Newmarket Road Fen Ditton 01223 566388.
What is the phone number?|Curry Prince's phone number is 01223 566388. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No thank you.  That is all I needed.  Bye bye!|You're welcome. Have a good evening.
I need a hotel with free wifi but I don't need free parking.|There are over 30 to choose from. Is there a certain part of town you prefer?
I'm looking for one that is moderately priced and don't have a preference on where exactly it is.|The Ashley hotel is the North and is priced at moderate.
Is it available for 4 nights starting from Sunday for 6 people?|Unfortunately, the hotel is not available for your criteria. How about checking another hotel?
could you try the same one, three nights only?|I was able to book that, reference number is 49SWXAT1.
Thank you, I also need a place to eat in the centre of town.|Yes can we narrow it done by food type or price range?
I'm looking for Indian food, please.|I found quite a few options for you. Could I narrow it down by price range?
No, price does not matter. Right now I'd just like a recommendation.|The Curry Garden is a popular choice.
Let's go with that. What's the address?|The Curry Garden is located at 106 Regent Street City Centre, postcode cb21dp. Would you like to conduct more searches for other locations?
I'd actually like to book a taxi to commute between those two places you found for me. I need to leave the hotel by 09:15 please.|Sure!  I have booked a yellow BMW to pick you up at 09:15 from your hotel.  The contact number for the taxi is 07744629357.
Great! Thank you for your help.|Can I help you with anything else today?
No That is all. Again thank you.|Thank you for using the  Cambridge TownInfo centre. Have a good day.
thank you for your help goodbye|Thank you and good bye!
I'd like to find an attraction to visit. Something in the west.|Okay, what type of attraction would you like to see?
I would like to see a theater.|I don't show any listings for theaters in the west would you like to search for another attraction?
am also looking for a restaurant. The restaurant should serve south african food and should be in the moderate price range|Unfortunately there are no restaurants that serve South African dishes on the West side, would you like me to try a different side of town?
How about one that serves South African food?|Unfortunately there are no restaurants that serve South African dishes on the West side, would you like me to try a different side of town?
no but how about one that serves british food.|The Saint Johns Chop House is moderately priced, serves British cuisine, as in the west part of town.  Shall I book this for you?
Yes, can you please book this for me?|How many people and what day?
I'm not ready to book yet. Can I get the phone number, postcode, and address, please?|The address for Saint Johns Chop House is 21 - 24 Northampton Street, cb30ad. The phone number is 01223353110. Is there anything else that I can assist you with?
Yes I need an attraction in the west. Anyone will do. Whatever you recommend.|clare hall is a college with free admission. Their number is 01223332360.
I also need a south african restaurant.|I am sorry none are listed in that area, something else perhaps?
Is there a restaurant in the west that serves British food?|Yes, Saint Johns Chop House is available. Would you like to book a table?
Not at this time. Can you give me the phone number, address and postcode, please?|Saint Johns Chop House is located at 21-24 Northampton Street, postcode cb30ad. You can reach them by phone at 01223353110. Can I help you find anything else today?
That is all, thanks.|I am glad to have helped.
I'm looking for a cheap place to stay in the south, can you give me information on my options.|there is rosa's bed and breakfast in the south it is cheap, yet a 4 star.
Is that a guesthouse? I don't want to stay in a guesthouse, I want to stay in a hotel please.|We don't have any cheap hotels on the south side. You'll have to look elsewhere.
Can you please look at a cheap guesthouse in the south side?|rosa's bed and breakfast	fits your description. can we reserve?
I would like to book it for 3 nights|I'd be happy to book it for you. What day will you be arriving, and how many people will be staying?
book it for 4 people and 3 nights starting from wednesday.|booking was successful, confirmation # is PHSEY43R, anything else today?
I am also looking for a place to eat, in the same price range as my hotel and preferably chinese food.|we have quite a few would you like to reserve a table
Not yet, can you find me one that is in the same area as the hotel?|I found a restaurant for you! The Lucky Star is a Chinese Restaurant in the south and also has a cheap price range.
That sounds great. Can i make a reservation for 4 people today at 19:15?|The reservation for 4 people at the lucky star this wednesday at 19:15 was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Reference number is : NYGDCBFX.
thank you for helping|Is there anything else I may help with?
That is all I need, goodbye|Very well, thank you for using our services. Goodbye.
Can you help me find a cheap guesthouse that I can stay at?|Sure, I have 24 options for you!
I do need one with free parking, and it needs to be in the cheap price range, but those are my only requirements. Which one is your favorite?|Okay, my favorite is Autumn house in the east. Would you like me to book a reservation?
I would just like to know what the postcode is and whether or not they offer internet.|The post code is cb58rs and they do offer free wifi.
Excellent! I've also heard great things about the Tang Chinese restaurant. What can you tell me about them?|it is a chinese restaurant located in the city centre. It has an expensive price range. Can I help you with anything else?
Yes, please book a table at Tang Chinese for 2 people at 17:30 on Tuesday.|Your booking was successful. Your reference number is O8SO1FUO. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Nope, that's it for now. Thanks very much for your help!|You're welcome. Have a good day!
I want turkish food.|I find 3 restaurants matching your request.
Is there anything else?|You're looking for Turkish food, correct?
Yes. Are any of those restaurants in the centre of town?|Yes, there are three restaurants serving Turkish food in the center of town.
What is the price range?|anatolia and efes restaurant are moderately priced, while meze bar restaurant is expensive.
What is the address?|The address for which restaurant?
address for anatolia please|anatolia is located at 30 bridge street city centre. Is there anything else I can help you with?
That's all I need, Thanks.|You're welcome and thank you for using this system. Goodbye.
I want something cheap in the west part of town.|What type of food would you like?
I don't care.|The is the La Margherita for Italian food and the Thanh Binh for Vietnamese food. Would you like the addresses?
I would like the phone number and address for La Margherita please.|La Margherita's address is 15 Magdalene Street City Centre and their phone number is 01223 315232.  Is there any additional info I can help you find?
Thank you, goodbye.|Thank you for using our service.  Have a great day!
I am looking for a place to dine in the Centre.  Can you help me?|Yes I can.  Is there a type of food that you are looking for?
Light bites, please.|Sorry there are no matches do you want me to look for any other type of cuisine?
check for portuguese food.|Nandos City Centre is a Portuguese Cuisine in the town Centre. Would you like to make a reservation?
No reservation but can I get the price range, the post code and the address?|Absolutely! The price range is cheap. It's postcode is cb23ar. And the address is 33-34 Saint Andrews Street. Can I help you with anything else?
Yes, I am also looking for a 4 star hotel.|What area of the city would you like the hotel to be in?
i would like it near the centre.|I have one guesthouse and one hotel that would work.  What price range did you want?
Let's go for the guesthouse please|Alexander Bed and Breakfast is the guesthouse. Would you like me to book it for you?
Can you tell me if it has free parking?|Yes it has free parking and free wifi.
Please give me their price range and postcode.|Cheap price range and postcode is cb12e
Hello, I am looking for a restaurant that serves Portuguese food.|nandos city centre serves portuguese food.  They are in the centre of town and are in the cheap price range.
What is their address?|nandos city centre is at 33-34 Saint Andrews Street.
Thank you so much!|You're welcome. Goodbye.
Are there any trains leaving cambridge?|There are many trains leaving Cambridge
I'm trying to get to London Liverpool Street on Friday.|When would you like to leave?
I don't have a preference but I do need to arrive by 14:45.|Friday at 5:59 would you like me to book it for you ?
Yes, please book it for 3 people.|Great.  Your booking was successful.  The reference number is E2998ZVM.
Thanks! Now can you help me find an expensive restaurant to go to in the centre?|There are lots of expensive food options in the centre. Do you have a preferred food type?
Can you just suggest one for me?|I recommend bedouin. Do you want a reservation?
Yes, please reserve it for 3 people on Friday at 11:45. And I want the reference number too|You are booked for 3 at 11:45 on Friday at Bedouin.  Your reference number is JETYPNVX. Have fun! Anything else?
Awesome, that is all thanks for your help.|Thank you and enjoy your stay!
I need a train on Wednesday, to take me to Leicester.|Did you have an arrival or departure time in mind?
I need to arrive by 17:45|TR0677 will get you there by 7:06.  How many seats will you need?
I will need 2 seats|Okay, I have booked 2 tickets for you! Reference number JCKUN8PK. Can I help you with anything else?
Thanks! Can you help me with a restaurant that I'm looking for its called dojo noodle bar.|It is located at 40210 Millers Yard City Centre and is cheap. Would you like reservations?
I would like to book a table for the same group of people at 14:45 on the same day.|Great. I was able to do that are your reference number is QLKTYZDK..
Perfect. Thank you very much. I think that is all I need today.|I'm happy to be of service! Enjoy your time in Cambridge!
I need a train leaving Cambridge on Sunday.|Can I get your destination please?
Stansted Airport please.|What time would you like to leave?
Leave after 14:45. I need a booking for 7 people and the reference number.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 56.56 GBP payable at the station. Reference number is : LZY6ET2M. Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
i'm also looking for info about a restaurant.|What part of town would you like ?
I am specifically looking for a restaurant called fitzbillies restaurant. I am wanting to book a table for 10:15 for 7 people on Sunday.|Alright I booked that, and your reference is PMCEY5JA. Anything else I can do?
Thanks so much for your help, I think that will be all I need today.|You're very welcome. Enjoy your stay.
I'm looking for a restaurant in the centre area in the moderate price range.|There are 21 places to dine at with moderate pricing, do you have a preference for cuisine type?
Yes I would like european food.|There are 2 to choose from.  They are both good, but I like the Galleria personally.  There are also a few that serve modern european food.
No, I'll try the Galleria. Can you book a table there for 2 at 15:30 on Tuesday, and please provide me with the reference number?|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Reference number is : T7QJ1WB2. Anything else you need?
Yes. I am also looking for a place to stay that's in the same area as the restaurant with free parking.|I have 2 guesthouse and 2 hotels in the centre. Do you have a preference or a price range in mind today?
A 2 star would be good. I don't care about price range.|I'm sorry, we don't have any 2 star hotels or guest houses in that area.  Would you like to try something else?
How about guesthouses with 0 stars?|I have the El Shaddai guesthouse. It is cheap and in the centre of town. It has free parking and internet. Would you like me to book you a room?
Yes.  Please book for Tuesday for 2 people, 2 nights.|I apologize but I was unable to book the el shaddai for that day and stay duration.  Would you be willing to book starting another day or shortening your stay?
How about 1 day stay?|Your 1 day booking was successful. Your reference number is IHD90OCU. Can I help you with anything else?
I also need a taxi to go between the two places.|Booking completed. A red Toyota will pick you up and take you to the restaurant. Contact number for them is 07965351585. Anything else I can help you with?
No, that'll be all. Thanks a lot for all your help. Bye!|Okay, have a great day!
I'd really like to take my client out to a nice restaurant that serves indian food.|I show many restaurants that serve Indian food in that price range. What area would you like to travel to?
I am looking for an expensive indian restaurant in the area of centre.|Might I recommend Saffron Brasserie? That is an expensive Indian restaurant in the center of town. I can book a table for you, if you like.
Sure thing, please book for 6 people at 19:30 on Saturday.|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Your Reference number is : RF00JUFQ.
Okay great! Thank you so much. Could you also help me find a 3 star hotel in the area. I don't need wifi either.|The alpha-milton guest house is in the north and is moderately priced. It has 3 stars and no internet or parking. Would you like to book a room?
That sounds great. Please book that now.|May I ask how many people are in your group?
I have 6 people in my group.|How many days would you like to stay?
2 nights, starting the same day as the reservation.|I'm sorry. It looks like they're full. Would you like me to look for something else?
Yes please. Is there something else available in that area?|I'm sorry, it looks like that is the only 3 star hotel in that area, would you like me to look somewhere else?
Can we try for 1 night instead of 2? I'll need the reference number please.|I was able to get one night, the reference number is 9XVT8M5T.
Thank you so much!|I'm glad to help, you're welcome!
Hello. I am looking for a recommendation for a place to eat.|Okay, I need some more information. Do you have a type of food or area where you would like to go?
I am looking for a place that is in the centre and offers the Americas food.|Sorry, I couldn't find anything.
where else could ypou suppose i get american food|I'm not sure, nothing is coming up for that type of food. Would you like to try a different cuisine?
How about italian?  I love pasta.|I have found a few Italian restaurants located in the centre area of town what price range are you looking for?
It doesn't matter really. But I want to book for 5 people at 18:15 on wednesday. so whichever one could accommodate that works for me.|Great I have you at stazione restaurant and coffee bar	at 18:15 and the reference number is ZM5SFSMH. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No thank you, that was all I needed. Have a great day.|The location is at Market Hill City Centre cb23nj the phone number is 01223352607.  Is there anything else I can help you with?
There seems to be an error. Thanks for booking the Italian restaurant. That is all I needed.|Just want to confirm, do you need any further assistance?
No that was everything. Thanks|Thank you for using our services.
Hello, I am traveling to Cambridge and I'm looking for some local restaurants. I would like to find some located in the Centre and of moderate price.|We have a lot of locations to chose from. What type of food would you like?
Are there any restaurants that serve bistro food?|There are no bistro style places that meet your criteria, would you like another style of food perhaps?
how about italian?|Sure, there are two such restaurants. How about Pizza Express, at Regent Street City Centre? Would you like to book a table?
Yea! Please book a table for 2 people at 15:00 on Thursday.|That time is not available, would you like to book another day or time slot?
Can you try 14:00?|Yes I was able to make you a reservation at the pizza express on thursday at 14:00 for 2 people.  Your reference number is UN9ONONE.
I am also looking for a hotel in the same area of the restaurant|I have several options. Do you prefer a certain price range so that we can narrow down the options?
I don't really care about price range, but I'd like to have free parking.|The Gonville Hotel is in the expensive range but is located in the Centre.
Does it have free parking?|Yes it does! Shall I book that hotel for you?
Please. Book it for 2 people on thursday, for 3 days. I'll need the reference number for that as well.|Your Booking was successful.Your Reference number is : K9JGOOGY.
Can I also book a taxi to get from the restaurant to the hotel? We want to make our dinner reservation.|I have you booked leaving at  13:45 and arriving at 14:00. Your car is a black audi.
That sounds great.  Can you provide the contact number for the taxi?|Certainly, the number is 07937202537. Is there anything else I can help you with?
That's all. Thanks.|Thank you as well and have a wonderful day!
I wanted to visit the restaurant named La Raza, could you tell me the hours it is open, and if I should try to book a reservation?|Sure, I can find that information for you.  I can also book a reservation for you if you have a certain time you wanted to go?
What type of food does La Raza serve? And what area is it in?|La Raza is a Spanish restaurant in the city center.
Thanks a lot. I am also looking for places to go to in the centre of town.|Sure, there are many things to do in the center of town, colleges, architecture, museums, theater. Do you have a preference?
I don't really have a preference, what would you suggest? I'm kind of new to town.|Can I suggest the man on the moon it is a wonderful concerthall.
That sounds great. Can I get their phone number and postcode please?|Sure the phone is 01223474144 and the postcode is cb12lf.
Thank you very much, you've been very helpful.|Thank you have a nice day.
I am looking for a hotel tonight.|There are plenty of choices for you!  Do you have a price range or star rating you prefer?
I prefer three star and an expensive price range.|I'm sorry, but I could not find any three star hotels in the expensive price range.
Okay, can you look for a hotel with a different star rating that is still expensive and has free wifi?|Our system glitched for some reason, Goonville Hotel located in Centre is a 3 star hotel with free wifi in the expensive price point. Would you like more information?
Please book it for 6 people, 5 nights starting on Saturday.|There is a discounted rate if you stay another night. Would you like me to add another night?
No thanks, I do need the reference number though.  I would like to find a Chinese restaurant in the center though.|I found charlie chan for you and its nice.
OKay can I get the address?|The reference number for your hotel is E6HS30W7. The address for the restaurant is, Regent Street City Centre. Can I help you with anything else?
No, that's it for today. Thanks for your helP!|You are welcome, enjoy the stay in Cambridge.
I am looking for a cheap restaurant in the north part of town.|What food type are you looking for?
i don't care what type of food it is.|There is Da Vinci Pizzeria and Royal Spice, both are in the north area and in the cheap price range.
What are their phone numbers?|Da Vinci Pizzeria is at 01223 351707, and Royal Spice is at 01733 553355.
Thank you good bye.|Thanks
I'm looking for a particular restaurant. Its name is called rice boat.|Yes, Indian food! Very good. Would you like me to make a reservation?
No thanks, but could I get the price range and the postcode please?|the price is in the expensive range and the postcode is cb39ey.
I am looking for a place to dine that serves Indian food. I would like a place in the expensive price range.|Curry garden is available, would you like to try that?
Is Curry Garden in the west? I kind of want something in that area.|No, there is Tandoori Palance on 68 Histon Road Chesterton. Phone 0122350655.
What part of town is Tandoori Palance located in?|That is located in the west. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, I am also Interested in finding a college to visit in the west.  Can you help with that?|There are 5 colleges in that area. Three are free and two have an entrance fee. Clare Hall and Magdalene are free. Do those suit your needs?
Pick the best one and provide the address, number and postcode.|I recommend Clare Hall, a college in the west part of town. The phone number is 01223332360. The address is Herschel Rd, and postcode is cb39al.
I need a taxi to get from the restaurant to the college, can you find one for me?|Absolutely. What time would you like to it to pick you up?
I'll be leaving by 3:15.|I have booked your taxi. Be expecting a red Tesla. Their phone number in case you need it is 07950107979. Anything else I can help with?
No, that will be all for today. Thank you.|You're welcome, have a nice day.
I'm looking for a nice expensive restaurant to dine in aat the centre of town.|Sure, we have many. Are you looking for a certain type of food?
I am not. I do want a table for 5 at 17:30 on Thursday though.|I made you a reservation for Kymmoy. Your reference number is 1PO9X49Z.
Great, can you also help me find a place to visit, like a park?|on what area are you looking for the attraction?
Are there any parks I could visit?|There are five parks to choose from. Would you prefer to visit the centre, south, north, or east?
The location isn't important, maybe just something near the restaurant.  I just need the park's address and I would like to know of any entrance fees.|Wadlebury County Park is in the south side of town.  It is located at  wandlebury ring, gog magog hills, babraham. There is no entrance fee.
Thank you very much, that's all I needed!|You are very welcome! Have a nice day!
Can you recommend some cantonese food in Cambridge please?|Unfortunately it looks like we don't have any cantonese food.
That's a bummer. Thank you anyways.|welcome.if you can change the type of food we can find a nice place.
Would you happen to have one in the centre that serves spanish food?|I have the la tasce which is moderate priced and the la raza which is cheap. Would you like to book one today?
I would like to book at the la tasce for sunday.|I can help you with that. How many people in your party, and at what time?
There are 3 in my party. I would like to book for Sunday at 19:00 Can you make a reservation, please?|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.Reference number is : 3X53NZ1B. anything else you could like to know?
Okay I'd like to find a museum to visit also.  Can you get me a nice place, along with the postcode, entrance fee and area it's in?|The cambridge and county folk museum is nice and the entry fee in 3.50 pounds. Does that work for you?
Yes, what area is it in? I'd also like to get the postcode.|It's in the west. The postcode is cb30aq. Can I help you with anything else today?
I also need a taxi to leave the museaum and arrive at the restaurant by 19:00|I booked a taxi for you, it will be a grey audi
thanks for helping me. that is all i needed|Happy to help! Feel free to reach out again if you need anything else
I would like a restaurant in the east part of town that serves gastropub food|That would be the Royal Standard at 280 Mill Road City Centre. They can be reached at 01223247877.
Thank you goodbye.|Goodbye!
Can you help me find a church in Cambridge? I think it's called Holy Trinity Church.|Holy trinity church is located in the centre of town, they have free admission.
Ok. Thanks.  That works.|Your welcome, is there anything else I can help you with?
I am looking for a place to dine that is cheap and located in the city center.|Sure, I can help you with that.  Was there a type of cuisine you were looking for?
Chinese food. Actually Cantonese food.|I have no Cantonese restaurants, but I can definitely help you with a Chinese restaurant.
I'm not interested in Chinese. What about Mediterranean?|Yes, we have The Gardenia. Would you like me to make a booking for you?
Yes. Please book me a table for 8  at 13:30 on Monday.|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Reference number is : EBC4APKQ.
Thank you that is all I needed today.|Great, thanks for your business in Cambridge and i hope you enjoy your stay.
Have a nice day.|Enjoy your dinner.
Yes can you tell me something about the Cow Pizza Kitchen and Bar?|Yes sure. I can tell you it serves gastropub food fare and is located at Corn Exchange Street and their telephone number is 01223308871. Would you like me to make a reservation for you?
No thank you, that's all I need.|Thank you for using our system!
I am looking for an Italian restaurant in the expensive price range.|Certainly, there are several expensive Italian restaurants. Would you prefer the centre or south of town?
Can we do the centre of town?|Stazione restaurant and coffee bar	is in the centre of town.
Phone number and postcode, please.|The phone number is 01223352607, and postcode is cb23nj
Thank you, that's all I need today. You've been a great help - goodbye!|Thank you for choosing the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Have a great day!
Could you help me find a moderate priced restaurant in the centre?|Certainly! However, there are no moderately priced restaurants in the town centre. Would you like to try a different area or price range?
Is there anything cheap in the town centre?|I'm sorry there are no cheap restaurants n that area. Would you like to change your price range or area?
I really need it to be in the moderate price range, there's really nothing in the city centre? Any cuisine will do.|I'm sorry, we must have had technical difficulties. We actually do have 21 restaurants in the centre of town that are moderately priced. Do you have a certain cuisine in mind?
Please surprise me.|Okay, Cotto is a British restaurant in the moderate price range. Would you like me to book it for you?
Can I have their phone number and address please?|The phone number for the Cotto is, 0122302010.The address us 183 East Road, City Centre. Anything else?
No, I think I have everything I need.  Thanks.  Bye.|Thank you. Have a good day, goodbye.
I have a hotel that I really want to stay at today.|Can you tell me the name of the hotel please and then we can talk about booking a room?
It is the Huntingdon Marriott Hotel|When will you be staying there?
I'm not sure. Do they have internet?|Yes, they have internet available.
What type of hotel is it? And what is the post code?|Its an expensive hotel.
Can I get the postcode please?|Okay, the postal code is: PE296FL. Can I assist with anything else?
I also would like to eat in the center of town.|There is a lot of restaurants in the town centre. What type of food are you looking for? What is your price range for the restaurant?
Don't really have a food preference but would prefer something expensive.|There are 33 expensive restaurants in the centre. Are you sure you have no preference for food type?
None, it is my first time in the town and I like every food, I will go with what you recommend.|Okay. Well, I've heard great things about the Cambridge Chop House. It's a British restaurant. Would you like me to book that for you?
Yes can you book it for 3 people on Wednesday at 17:30?|Your booking was successful. Here is your reference number, CUZ69HSD.
Thanks, now can you book me a taxi? I want to be picked up from my hotel and taken to the restaurant by 17:30. Please give me car type/contact number|Your taxi has been booked. The car type is a blue Toyota and the contact number is 07594906784. Is there anything else I can help you with?
That's all I need for now.  Thanks for all your help!|You are quite welcome! Enjoy your stay!
I need to find some information in a particular restaurant. Are you able to look up a specific place?|Absolutely.  What is the name of the restaraunt you are interested in?
kohinoor. i want to book a table for 2 people at 16:45 on Thursday|Sure. Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Reference number is : X9AVZ8EI. Can I help with anything else today?
I also need a Thursday train.|What location will you depart from and where are you headed?
Depart from Ely and would like to arrive by 13:00 in Cambridge. I need to book it for 2 people I also need a reference number. Thanks|Sure thing, it's booked and your reference number is PWSVK4XQ. Do you need more help?
Nope, I'm all finished for today. Thanks so much, goodbye now!|You are very welcome, bye!
I'd like to visit a theatre.|There are 5 theaters in Cambridge most of which are in the centre of town. Would you like information on one of those?
Yes please. I'll need postcodes as well.|The Junction is in the south, cb17gx. The other 4 are in centre. ADC theatre, cb58as. Cambridge Arts Theatre, cb23pj. Mumford Theatre, cb11pt. And The Cambridge Corn Exchange, cb23qe.
Thank you. Can you help me find a place to dine that is in the centre and serves asian oriental?|Yes I have several. Do you have a price preference?
Yes, I'm looking for something inexpensive. Can you list those in the cheaper price range?|Yes, there are two options:  Dojo Noodle Bar and J Restaurant.  Would you like to book one?
Let's try Dojo Noodle Bar for 7 on Wednesday at 14:30.|Ok, I have made a reservation at Dojo noodle bar for 7 on Wednesday at 14:30
Awesome. Could I have the reference number, please?|The booking was unsuccessful for that time, can we try another time that works for you?
Maybe fifteen minutes earlier?|No, I'm afraid it's still not available.  Would you like to try a new time?
Let's try 13:30 please.|That booking was successful. The reference number is 8MO0T711.
I will need to also book a taxi from to the restaurant.|I'm sorry, what is your destination and departure site?
I need to go from the theatre and arrive at the restaurant by 13:30. Could I get the contact number and vehicle type please?|Could you please tell me what theatre option you have chosen?
The Junction is the theater I chose.|Okay, I went ahead and booked that for you. You will be in a red volkswagen, and the contact number is 07277320157. Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
No, I think you have covered it all.  Thank you.|You're welcome. Have a nice day!
Hello, I'm looking for an expensive indian restaurant.|What area would you like to dine in?
Area doesn't matter. Can you pick one to recommend?|If you'd like to eat in the city center, I recommend the curry garden. Their phone is 01223302330. Can I book you a table?
Yes, can you please book a table for 1 for 17:15 on Thursday. Could I have the reference number please?|Booking was successful, your table will be reserved for  minutes, and your reference number is J37KC1PB. Anything else I can help you with?
Thanks all I need thanks !|You're welcome and if you need anything else feel free to contact us.
HI, I am looking for a cheap restaurant in the south of the city.|I have 2 restaurants on the south side that are cheap. One serves chinese and the portuguese. Would you like to book one?
Let's try the Portuguese restaurant. I need a reservation for Monday at 14:30 for 3 people please.|I am sorry. The Portuguese Restarauant, Nandos, is completely booked at that time. Should I try the Chinese restaurant instead?
Do you have any other restaurants in the area in the same price range?|the lucky star is in South part of town and is available.Would you like the address ?
I am looking for a restaurant in the centre of town.|What type of food are you looking for?
I would like eritrean, please.|I'm very sorry there are no restaurants that serve eritrean food in the centre area. Is there another type of cuisine we can look for?
How about Turkish?|efes restaurant should be fine. it is moderately priced and located in King Street City Centre, cb11ln. can we book?
Sure make me a booking for 8 people at 19:00 on monday.|I have made reservations your reference number is KZ7IRCWH.
I also need a train on the same day as the restaurant booking and should arrive by 11:00|Sure, where are you departing from? What is your destination?
I am leaving stevenage and going to cambridge.|Okay, the TR8265 arrives by 10:43 and leaves at 09:54. Would you like me to book tickets for you?
Yes please book the train for eight people.|Your booking was a success. The total fee is 102.4 GBP payable at the station. Your reference number is KH92FZBE. Could I be assistance to you with anything else?
Nope that's it. Thank you.|You're welcome, hope you enjoy your visit :)  Bye.
I need to find a restaurant in anatolia|Okay Anatolia is a turkish restaurant located in the centre. Is this what you're looking for?
Yes. I need a reservation for 8 people please.|I can make a reservation for 8 people for Monday at 17:45. Is that okay or would you like another day?
I need a reservation for 8 people at 13:00 on Friday. If that doesn't work I can also do Tuesday. I will also need a reference number.|Reservations for Friday at 13:00. Your reference number is 0UAYWI5Z. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
No that was it, thank you.|Thank you, goodbye.
Can you help me find a moderately priced Indian food restaurant?|the curry prince is nice. Do you want reservations ?
If it is in the west part of town, yes. If not can you suggest something else?|The Curry Prince isn't in the west part of town, but there's a moderately priced Indian restaurant called Meghna, would you like to make reservations there?
Yes, I need a reservation on Thursday.|I can definitely do that, how many people will be dining and at what time would you like?
3 people at 12:15 on thursday|You're all set. Your reference number is TZPHV671.
I am also going to need a place to stay - somewhere in the north, I think.|there are 5 guesthouses in the north ranging from 3 to 4 stars. do you need internet or parking?
I don't need parking, but I would like to make sure it is a hotel, not a guesthouse.|There are 2 hotels in the north, Ashley hotel and lovell lodge.  Both are moderately priced, do you have a preference between them?
It doesn't matter.|Okay if you would like me to book the Ashley I would be happy to do so.
Yes 3 people, two nights on thursday.|Booking was successful.
Reference number is : VDE49MAL.
I also need a taxi that will arrive at the restaurant by the booked time.|where is your departure site?
I am departing from The Ashley.|Okay I booked a taxi for you. The car type is going to be a blue honda, and the contact number is 07061162285.
that will be it for today. thanks|You're welcome, have a great day.
I'm looking for a hotel with free parking, Please give me a 3 star guesthouse hotel|Thank you, do you have a preference in area?
I need a hotel in the Cambridge area.|I have three 3-star guesthouse type hotels in Cambridge. They are in the south, north, and west areas. Which do you prefer?
I don't have a preference|How about hamilton lodge in the north?
i would like to book hamilton lodge for 7 people for 5 nights starting on wednesday|I'm sorry, it looks like there is no availability for those criteria, would you like to try a different day or a shorter stay?
What about for 3 nights?|Great! You're booked for 3 nights at Hamilton Lodge with reference number IKIEEZT3. Anything else I can help you with?
I'm also looking for a place to eat. Can you find a moderately priced restaurant that serves Turkish food?|I have found two restaurants in the centre of town that serve turkish food. Would you like me to book a reservation at one of them?
Could you give me the phone number and address?|Did you want the anatolia or efes restaurant?
Would you provide me the phone number for the Anatolia restaurant please.|Anatolia's phone number is 01223362372.
Great! can you book me a car from the restaurant to the hotel?|Of course, is there a specific time you'd like to leave the restaurant, or a time you want to arrive at the hotel?
I would like to leave the restaurant by 9:45.|I have confirmed your taxi leaving Anatolia at 9:45, a red volkswagen will be picking you up. Their contact number is 07212861287. Can I assist you with anything else?
Thanks, no that is all I will need.|I hope I have been helpful, enjoy your stay in Cambridge!
Hi, I can't wait to see some of your local tourist attractions.  Can you help me with some places to go?|Do you have any preferences in the attraction types?
No, but I want it to be located in the south.|Might I suggest The Place nightclub?
That sounds good. Give me the phone and postcode please.  I'm also looking for expensive european food.  Can you make some suggestions?|The Place is at 22 Sidney Street cb23hg. 01223324600 is their phone number. That place is poppin'. Can I help you with anything else?
Can you book a reservation for me?|I'm sorry they don't take reservations. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Alright how about a place to dine. I'd like an expensive European restaurant.|There are 5 options that meet your criteria. Would you like to narrow it down by area?
Any place is fine, can you just book one for 1 person at 13:00 at thursday?|Booking for Eraina European restaurant has been completed. Your table will be reserved for 15 minutes, reference number 50SV3WDZ. Can I help with anything else?
Can I get a taxi from The Place to the Eraina restaurant by 13:00?|i got you a grey audi that will pick you up.
May I please get the drivers contact number?|Contact number is 07648143241.
All set.  Thanks.|You're welcome, and have a great day!
Hello are you familiar with Rosa's bed and breakfast? I've been looking for this hotel for forever!|It's a guesthouse in the south, located on 53 roseford road, cb22ha. It's a cheap 4 star hotel with free internet and parking. Would you like to book a room?
Okay. yes let's book it from Tuesday for 4 people for 5 nights.|Booking was successful.
Reference number is : JPK1Y99E.  Can I help you with anything else today?
That's it, thank you for the help.|Have a great trip.
Wait, can you also find me a place to dine?|I most certainly can. What type of food are you interested in? Do you prefer a certain area or price range?
Im looking for a place that serves Swiss food, more on the expensive side.|I'm sorry. I don't see any restaurants that serve Swiss food at any price range. Would you like to try a different cuisine in the expensive range?
Yes Korean please, I love that BBQ LOL|I found Little Seoul located in the centre in the expensive range.  Would you like to book a table?
Yes, 4 people at 14:30 on tuesday.|Please find a taxi for me that can commute us to that location!
You seem nice, but I would rather just have this meal with my group, plus you have access to the taxi system, not me., but thank you for help|I have you booked at Little Seoul. Your reference number is GHPSLEDY. Is there anything else that I can assist you with?
No. Thank you. The lodging and dining were my concerns. Goodbye.|Thank you for letting me assist you today! Enjoy your visit!
I'm looking for a casual Sri Lankan restaurant.|Hi! Sorry, there are no Sri Lankan restaurants in the area. Can I do anything else for you?
What about European?|There are 11 european restaurants, do you have any preferences on location or price range?
I need one in the moderate price range.|I was able to find 5 for you. 3 serve modern european and the other 2 serve european. Do you have a preference?
I don't have a preference. Surprise me.|How about Galleria? It serves classic European cuisine. Would you like me to book you a table?
That sounds good. Do they have a table for 8 people at 18:15 on Saturday evening? If yes, please book and send the reference number.|I'm sorry the Galleria is not available . Shall I try another then?
Yes, please. I need it to be in the same area and moderate price range.|I was able to book a table for you at hotel du vin and bistro. It's a moderately priced classic European restaurant. Your reference number is  H7LU2IPF.
Great, thanks. I'm all through here. You've been a great help.|I'm glad to have been of help. Thank you for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Have a wonderful day!
I need a place to dine on expensive crossover food.|There are no places a any price range that serve this food type, shall I search for something else for you?
are you sure? maybe try the centre?|I am sorry there are none in the centre. Would you like to try a different type of restaurant?
Sure, how about Chinese?|There is no Chinese either.
I really want to eat Chinese in the centre area of town.  Are you 100% positive that isn't possible?  I'll be heartbroken.|Actually, there is chinese. I recommend Ugly Duckling. Do you want a reservation?
Yes, please! There will be 7 of us dining at 13:15 on Friday.|I made a booking for you. Do you need the reference number?
Yes if i could get the reference number that would be great. I also need information on Hamilton lodge.|Okay your reference number is C40IRNSV.
Also, I'm wanting to book the Hamilton Lodge for 2 people on Friday night.  Can you do that?|I am getting the info up as we speak, will that be for one day or multiple days?
Yes. I need it for 2 nights, 7 people, starting on Friday.|Your room has been booked. Your reference number is X1V3GGL2. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
That is everything I need.|You are very welcome. Enjoy your stay.
thank you for helping|No thank you that will be all
Can you find me a cheap Spanish restaurant?|there are two spanish restaurants in total, what price range do you want ?
I am looking for a cheap restaurant.|la raza is a spanish restaurant, in the cheap price range and in the centre part of town.
can you please give me the address?|The address is 4 - 6 Rose Crescent. Can I help you with anything else?
What is the area?|la raza's area is in the centre part of town
Thank you. Good bye|Thanks for using this system and enjoy your meal! Goodbye!
I need a place to eat in the moderate price range.|We have quite a few restaurants.  Do you have any preferences as to area or type of cuisine?
I'm interested in international food.|I would suggest either the varsity restaurant or bloomsbury restaurant.
I will choose the Bloomsbury Restaurant, thanks.|Would you like me to book it for you?
Sure. I'd like it for 11:45 on Thursday. There will be 3 people.|Okay great. I will work on that now and be back with you shortly.
Sure, take your time.|Ok, All set. Your reference number is 2OW2P7KA. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
I also need a place to stay with free parking in the same price range as the restaurant.|there are about 14 places. do you have an area in mind?
Yes, I prefer the north and I must have free wifi, please.|17 Places fill that need, do you prefer a hotel or guesthouse?  Do you have a star rating in mind?
As long as it's moderately priced and meets my needs, I will take your recommendation. I don't care about star ratings or type of lodging.|the a and b guest house would be perfect for you. Shall I book it ?
No I just need the get star of the hotel and postcode|it has a star of 4. what else do you want to know?
Do they have internet?|Yes, A and B Guesthouse does have internet. Do you want to reserve a room?
I would like to find a museum to go to located in the centre. Can you help me?|There are, surprisingly, eleven museums in the centre of town. Looks like all of them are free. Is there specific you want to see?
Nothing specific.Recommend one and send me their phone number.|I would recommend Broughton House Galley. Here is their phone number: 01223314960
Thanks so much. I am also looking for a place to dine. Can you help me?|Yes, I can help you. What type of food are you interested in?
I don't care, just something good in the same area as Broughton House is.  Try and stay in the moderate price range though.|Which area was that again?
The centre please. Could you tell me the phone number and food type?|Of course. I'd recommend Cotto. They serve British food. The phone number is 01223302010. Can I help with anything else today?
Great, thank you. No that will be all for today, I appreciate all your help!|Are you sure you don't want me to book the restaurant for you?
No thank you.|Alright, you take care then!
I would like to try an expensive, italian place while visiting cambridge.|I have 5 of them. 4 in the centre area and one in the south. Would you like more information?
Staying in the centre would be more convenient. What are my choices?|How about caffe uno or don pasquale pizzeria?
I love pizza that will work can I get the address?|The address to Don Pasquale Pizzeria is 12 Market Hill at City Centre. Would you like the phone number too?
That's perfect, could you book me a table for 4 at 16:15 on Friday?|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Reference number is : DDLKGEVP.
can you suggest any attractions in the same area? I need the entrance fee if any and attraction type|we have a lovely architecture called all saints church it is free admission
That's all I needed.  Thanks!|You are welcome. I was happy to assist you.
Yeah you were great. I will be sending your supervisor a compliment about you.|Thank you for using our system today!
Need a hotel up north with free parking.|The Ashley Hotel is nice.  It also has free internet.  Can I get any further details for you?
Yes I need free parking and cheap reservation|unfortunately we dont have one that fits the  criteria, can you change a the location,?
Do you have anything cheap, in the north with free parking?|I have checked your criteria again and unfortunately we have nothing that meets those specifications. Can I look for a different hotel for you?
How about a restaurant. Can you recommend a Vietnamese place in the north that is cheap?|I'm sorry I am unable to find a Vietnamese restaurant in the north area that meets your criteria. Is there another type of food you'd like to try?
I'm sorry, I really do need a Vietnamese restaurant. Would you mind checking again?|There is a Vietnamese restaurant on the west side of town.
As long as it's cheap, I don't care about the area. Can you book a table for 4 at 11:45 on Thursday?|Your table has been booked. Reference number is LEKNI48K. Anything else today?
I am also going to need a taxi.|Where are you wanting to depart from and go to?
I need to be picked up at the hotel and go to the restaurant in time for the reservations.|I'm sorry, what is the name of the restaurant you'll be dining at, and I don't see the hotel you chose either?
Please reread the rest of the conversation! It's not hard to keep up! The hotel is the Ashley hotel. You didnt give me the name of the restaurant|I am so sorry. The restaurant is Thanh Binh. I will work on your taxi reservations.
Okay, I am kind of in a hurry.|your car is a grey skoda phone number 07944928572 any other questions?
No, that is all I need. Thank you for your help. Good bye.|Okay, have a wonderful visit to Cambridge!
I want a restaurant in the north part of town.|The City Stop restaurant is in the north part of town. The Golden Wok is also located in the north part of town.
I want a restaurant that is moderately priced.|Golden Wok is located in the north part of town, and is moderately priced.
What is their address and phone number?|The address for Golden Wok is 191 Histon Road Chesterton and the phone number is 01223 350688.
Thank you, goodbye.|Goodbye.
Are there any restaurants on the West that serve turkish food? I want some.|sorry, nothing in that area. a different location?
same location but I want Indian food now. Yummy.|I have 6 places that serve indian. 5 are expensive and one is moderate price range. Do you have a preference?
Yeah, could you give me the address and phone number for the moderately priced restaurant?|It is called Meghna. Their address is 205 Victoria Road, Chesterton, CB43LF.
Yes I am looking for a train leaving Cambridge after 19:15.|There are a few options of trains that fit your criteria. Would you like to narrow it down by destination, day of travel, or arrival time?
I need to get to Bishops Stortford on Friday.|I have found 3 trains available arriving at 20:07 and 24:07.  When would you like to arrive?
Either one will do.  What's the price and train id.|Train TR3547 will arrive at 24.07 the price is 10.10 pounds
Thank you. That's all I need right now.|okay let us know if you need anything else.
I'm all set.  Thanks for everything. Bye.|Ok have a great day!
Can you help me find a cheap restaurant in the centre?|Sure! There are 15 cheap restaurants in the centre. Is there a certain type of food you're looking for?
Oh, yes! Italian, please.|I can recommend Ask restaurant. Would you like me to make a reservation?
No, let's try italian on the cheap side located in the centre. Book for 7 people on wednesday at 11:45 please.|I was able to book your party at Ask. Your reservation will hold for 15 minutes. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Could I get the reference number please?|Reference number is : V0PVDPBC. Need anything else?
No thank you! Goodbye.|You're welcome and have a great day!
I'm looking for cheap eats in the centre.|Yes I have many Chinese and Asian restaurants as well as Spanish, Portuguese and Indian cuisines matching your price requirements. Any preference?
I am interested in Chinese food.|I found three Chinese restaurants in the centre: Charlie Chan, Rice House and Golden House. Would you like me to book you a table?
Yes, please! Can I have a table for 1 at Charlie Chan on Sunday at 14:15?|Sure thing your reference number is D3A1XJL7. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No, you've been very helpful. Have a good day.|Thanks for contacting the Cambridge TownInfo Centre and have a great day!
I am planning a trip in Cambridge|Well, I am here to help, but I need to know what you want me to look for.
Pardon my mistake, my migranes make my head a little foggy at times, can you help me find an expensive chinese place to eat at?|I found 9 great choices. Is there a specific area of town you want to be in?
It doesn't matter. I trust your judgment.  I need a reservation for friday.|Okay, how about ugly duckling?
That sounds great.  Can you book a table for 5 at 13:15?|Your reservation is all set. Your reference number is 3FF42HU1. Is there anything else I can help you with?
The train should leave after 13:15 and should leave on saturday.
The train should depart from cambridge and should go to leicester. book for same number of people|There is a 13:21 that would get you there by 15:06.  How does that sound?
Great. Can you book for five people and give me the reference number for that?|I have that booked for you with a reference number of 1XMFVN8T. Is there anything else I can do for you to make your trip as easy as possible?
That's all I needed today. Thanks for your help. Goodbye!|Ok. Take care have a nice day.
I'm looking for Scandinavian food in any area.|I am not able to locate a Scandinavian restaurant; do you have a second choice?
Yes, could you look for a Vietnamese restaurant?|Thanh Binh is a Vietnamese restaurant in the west of town, and is in the cheap price range.
That will work. I would like the address and phone number to the Thanh Binh restaurant please.|Their phone number is 01223 362456. How else may I assist you?
I need the address too please.|The address for Tanh Binh is 17 Magdalene Street City Centre. Is ther anything else I can help you with?
That's it. Thank you, goodbye|You're welcome. Good bye.
Can you find me an italian restaurant that is in the centre?|You have your choice of Pizza Hut City Centre, Stazione Restaurant and coffee bar, Pizza Express, Ask, or Zizzi Cambridge.
Are any of them in the cheap price range?|Pizza hut, ask and Zizzi all appear to be in the cheap price range,   Would you like me to book one?
Which one would you recommend?|I recommend Ask. Do you want me to book it for you? What day and time do you want to eat?
As long as it's in the same area and price range, I guess I can try it. Please book it for 6 people at 17:15 on wednesday.|I'm sorry, a table was not available. Would you like to try another restaurant?
Another, same area and price range please.|zizi cambridge is available. It is also a cheap Italian restaurant in the centre. Your reservation is for Wednesday at 17:15 for 6 people. Your reference number is CRW6R09Z.
Great thank you for your help that's all I needed today.|Have a great day!
I am hoping you can help me find a British restaurant at which to dine during my visit to Cambridge.|I have 11 results that match your preferences. What area of town will you be in?
I will be in the west and it needs to be moderately priced.|I have saint johns chop house. Would you like me to book a reservation for you today?
Yes please make a booking for 6 people at 14:45 on saturday,and I need the reference number when completed.|Okay, the book was successful. The reference number is OKAT9RPQ. Can I help you with anything else?
Sure, I need the address and postcode for an attraction called camboats.|The address for Camboats is the plough, green end, fen ditton and the postcode is cb58sx.
thank you that is all i need for today.|Thank you for using our system! Have a great trip!
I would like a a decent chinese restaurant|I have located 4 Chinese restaurants in the moderate price range.  Does this sound good?
I'm looking for a hotel with free wifi and parking and has a 3 star rating.|You can stay at the Gonville Hotel in the Centre of town, or The Lensfield Hotel in the South of town. They are both expensive. Would you like one of those?
Possibly.  Does either include both free wifi and free parking?|They both have free parking and internet, would you like me to book a room for you?
No, please choose the best one. I need the area, postcode and address for them.|The Lensfield Hotel is located in the south, at 53-57 Lensfield Road, postcode cb21en.
Are there any good bistro restaurants in the centre?|I'm unable to locate any Bistro options in the centre. Would you like help with anything else?
What about Indian cuisine?|We have a few restaurants of that cuisine, is there a price range you'd like to look for?
No price range preference. What is your recommendation?|then i will recommend saffron brasserie. it is a nice expensive restaurant. can i book for you?
That sounds great, could I get their address and phone number?|The address is Hills Road City Centre and the phone number is 012233574679.
Ok, that should be all for me. Thank you so much for all of your help!|You're welcome! Have a great day!
I need a moderately priced restaurant that serves hungarian food.|I am sorry, there are no restaurants that meet your requests. Would you like to change your price range or food type?
Oh, okay. Well, I guess I would like to find a restaurant that serves modern European food. Is there such a place available?|There are two restaurants in the centre area and one in the south part of town. Do you have a preference?
No, I do not.|I would recommend Riverside Brasserie, located at  Doubletree by Hilton Cambridge Granta Place Mill Lane.  Can I make a reservation for you?
Sure please, I need a table at 14:45 for 1 person on saturday|Your table at riverside brasserie is booked, one person at 14:45 on Saturday. Your booking reference is UZD82IFV. Can I help you with anything else?
No, that would be it. Thanks. Have a nice day.|Alright, thank you. Goodbye.
Hello, are there any moderate turkish restaurants in town?|I have found Anatolia, a Turkish restaurant that is moderately priced.
Is it located in the centre?|Yes it is. Shall I book it?
Yes, I need it to be booked for 5 at 17:30 on Friday. I'll also be needing the reference number for that please.|Your reservation was successful. Your reference number is VICZDB72. Can I help you with anything else?
Yes, I also need a 4 star hotel with free wifi.|I have 3 hotels in the center that have 4 stars and wifi.  They also all have free parking and vary only in price.  2 expensive and 1 cheap.
What is the name of the cheap hotel?|The cheap hotel is The Cambridge Belfry. Would you like a reservation?
Yes please book that for me.I also need postcode, phone number, and area|What is the size of your party and how long will you be staying?
It would be for 5 people for three nights.|Phone: 01954714600	Postal code: cb236bw	Area: back lane, cambourne. Room has been booked for Friday, 6 people for 3 days.
Excellent, thank you so much for your help!|You're welcome.  Was there anything else I could help you with today?
No, thank you for your help! Goodbye!|You're welcome.  I'm glad I was able to help.  Goodbye.
Are there any guest houses currently available iin the moderately priced range?|Yes, I have 15 hotels that meet your needs. Would you like to narrow your search by area?
yes I would like to be in the north with the same requirements, thank you|I have nine guesthouses fitting this description. Do you have a preference on free wifi or parking?
It really doesn't matter but I'll need to know if the particular hotel has free parking and internet please.|That's completely fine!  Of the 9, 7 of them have 4 stars.  6 of those 7 have internet and parking. Would you like me to book one for you?
I will hold off on the booking for now but thank you. I am also looking for a particular restaurant called stazione restaurant and coffee bar. Can you give me details?|There is an italian restaurant by that name that is quite expensive. It is within the town centre, and also has a coffee bar.
Can you book a table for four on Thursday at 16:00?|You got it, your reference is RPXVZ9Z2. Thank you.
Thank you for all your help.|You are welcome. Goodbye.
What time of entertainment places are there in the center of town?|There are nightclubs and there are theatres.
Are there any swimming pools near by?|There is parkside pools at gonville place cb11ly in the centre.
Great, I'm assuming cb11ly is the postcode, may I also have the phone number there.|Yes the phone number is 01223446100
Thank you I also need a place to eat in the centre of town in the moderate price range.|There are 21 options, the first one is the yippee noodle bar located at 40428 King Street, City Centre. Will this work?
How about someplace with european food?|There are 4 restaurants located in the centre area serving European cuisine. Two are listed as serving modern European food. Would you like more information?
Could you recommend one for me, and give me the phone number and postcode?|I recommend Galleria, at 33 Bridge Street, cb21uw. Would you like to make a reservation there?
Yes, thank you.  Can you arrange a taxi for me to get there by 13:30?|Sure, I can do that. Where will you be departing?
I don't care about that right now.|I'm sorry, but I will need to know the departure site to be able to book this. From where will you be departing?
We will be leaving from the south side.|Where on the south side will you be leaving from so I can send the taxi to the correct location?
gonville place is from where I'll be departing|What is your departure time?
I need to leave the restaurant by 13:30 please.|Okay I was able to secure you a grey Toyota that will make sure you arrive by 13:30 and their contact number is 07542624633.
Great! That is all I need.|Thank you for using our services. Have all of your needs been met then?
Yes that's all. thanks for the help!|Great! Have a good day, goodbye.
I am looking for the price range of a restaurant called Rice boat.|Rice Boat is in the expensive price range. Can I help you with something else?
No, that is all I needed thanks.  Bye.|Great! Have a nice day!
I'd like to find a cheap Indonesian restaurant. Can you help?|Unfortunately, we do not have any Indonesian restaurants.  Would you like Thai food?
What kind of restaurants are in the west that's cheap?|There is an Italian restaurant, La Margherita and a Vietnamese restaurant called Thanh Binh.  Would one of those work?
Yes, could you give me more info on the Vietnamese restaurant?|Their address is 17 Magdalene Street City Centre.
could you give me their postcode?|Their postcode is  cb30af.  Would you like to book  a table?
No, that will be fine. I am needing help finding a hotel in a moderate price range with 4 stars and free parking. Can you help me with that?|I'd be happy to help with your request, to help narrow the results down, what area are you looking to stay in?
how about the west ?|Sorry, there are no results. Maybe a different star rating or area would work?
Area doesn't actually matter. But if there are no results for a moderate 4 star type-hotel with parking, then try to find a cheap one instead|I have one result for you in the cheap pricerange. It is the cambridge belfry. Anything else today?
Great can you book that for 8 people for 3 nights starting thursday?|Here is your reference number, SM7PEYSV. The booking is all set for you. Is there anything else I can do for you?
That is all, thank you for your help.|You're welcome. Let us know if we can help you.
I'd like a place to say that is a guesthouse type, and includes free wifi.|There are many matches to your request. Do you have a preference in area or star rating?
I have no preference for area but I am looking for something with a 4 star rating and moderately priced.|I have 11 guesthouse hotels fitting this criteria. Do you have any other preferences?
I would prefer a 4 star guesthouse please and I'll need the area and address please.|There are 11 matches that fit your criteria. Do you have any other preferences?
No, no other preferences. What would you recommend?|I recommend Acorn Guest House in the north.  The address is 154 Chesterton Road.  Would you like me to book it for you?
I prefer something a little more south.|Aylesbray lodge guest house matches your criteria. Would you like me to book that for you?
Ok, can you send me the address and area of Aylesbray lodge?  I am also looking for a restaurant called royal spice.|Aylesbray Lodge is in the south part of town and the address is 5 mowbray road.
I'd like to book table at the royal spice for 6 people at 19:45 Tuesday.|The booking was successful and the table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Your reference number is EQ2EWQ22.
Can I book a taxi from Acorn Guest House to Aylesbray Lodge? It needs to get there by 19:45 Tuesday.|I was able to book your taxi. You will be in a White Skoda. If you need to contact them, the number is 07145741426. Can I help with anything else?
No that's all I need. Thank you!|You are welcome.  Please let me know if I can be of any other assistance.  Enjoy your visit.
I'd like some information on a train going to bishops stortford departing from Cambridge.|What day and time are you leaving Cambridge?
I'm leaving after 18:45 on thursday.|TR1339 is leaving  at 23:29 and it is priced at 10.10pounds. can i book?
What is the arrival time?|TR1339 arrives at 24:07 and takes 38 minutes to arrive there.
Thank you.  I will also need to find a restaurant that serves Mediterranean food and should be in the expensive price range.|La Mimosa is a great expensive Mediterranean restaurant in the centre. Would you like to book a table?
No I would just like their telephone number please.|Of course. Their telephone number is 01223362525. Would you like any more information?
Can I get their address please?|Sure, their address is Thompsons Lane Fen Ditton. Is there anything else I can help you with?
nope. i think that is all. enjoy your day and stay out of the rain. bye|You have a great day, too. Thanks for calling. Goodbye.
I really have a craving for some good chinese food. Can you suggest a place?|I sure can! We have 17 wonderful chinese places, is there a particular area or price range you have in mind?
I just need one that is moderately priced. Can you just recommend one and give me the phone number please?|The Golden Wok is sensational.  The phone number is 01223350688.  Can I help you with anything else today?
Could you recommend me some places to go that is in the centre?|Sure, did you have anything in mind? We have quite a few free options!
Oh anything would do really, just needs to be in the centre.|I enjoy The fez Club, it's a nightclub in the centre.  It has a 5 pound entrance fee.  Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Yes could I get the postcode of the nightclub?|Sure.  The postcode is cb23hx.
Okay thanks! That's all I needed to know!|Thank you, enjoy your stay in cambridge.
That is all I needed, thank you. Good bye.|Thank you for using our service.  have a good day!
I am looking for a Japanese restaurant in the centre of town.|There is a Japanese restaurant called Wagamama in the centre of town.
What is the address and phone number?|Their address is 36 Saint Andrews Street and their phone number is 01223 462354.
Goodbye.|Goodbye.
I am looking for a restaurant in any area that serves spanish food, what is available?|I found two in the centre part of town. They are the La Raza and the La Tasca.
Is there anything else?  If not, could I get the number to La Tasca, please?|The phone number for La Tasca is  01223 464630. Is there anything else I can help you with?
That'll be all. Thanks for you help.|your welcome goodbye
I'm looking for a pricy restaurant in the city centre|I found you a British restaurant called Midsummer House Restaurant that is located in midsummer common how does that sound?
Does this restaurant serve european food?|It does not. For European food in the same area and price range, how about the Michaelhouse Cafe? It is located at St. Michael's Church Trinity Street City Centre.
Okay. Great. Can you book me a reservation there for 5 people at 16:15 for this Monday? Also I will need a reference number.|Alright, you have been booked at the Michaelhouse Cafe for Monday, 16:15, party of 5. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Your reference number is 0W78O9VD.
Thanks. I will also need take a train from london kings cross station that same day. What time do they leave?|I have them leaving from 5:17 in the morning for every two hours until 24:08 in the evening. The journey is approximately 51 minutes. Would you like me to book you on the 11:17 or 13:17?
I need to arrive by 13:30, so let's book the 11:17, please.|How many people would you like to book it for?
5 people|Yes I will get that taken care of for you. Anything else i can do for you today?
I need the train ID, please.|The train ID for the 11:17 on Monday to London Kings Cross is TR5720. Is there anything else that I can help you with today?
No, I think that's all that I'm looking for, thank for the help!|You are most welcome!
I am looking for a moderately priced restaurant.|What type of food would you like?
Turkish food.|I have two restaurants in the Centre area of town. Would you like the information for both?
Yes, please give me the one Turkish food restaurant's phone number and address please.|Anatolia is located at 30 Bridge Street City Centre, phone number is 01223 362372
thank you.|Thank you.
Please find a restaurant called Galleria.|galleria serves european food in the centre. It is of moderate price. Would you like a phone number or the address?
I think it would be great to try European food. Do you think they would accept a reservation for a party of 7?|Yes! Would you like to book a table?
Yes, for 7 people at 16:45 on Monday. I need a reference number. I need a taxi to commute also a place to visit as well as car type|Your table at Galleria is reserved, and your reference number is XM58B7FS. Now, let's see about your other needs - what type of place would you like to visit?
I'm also looking for a college to visit in the west.|There are 5 colleges in the west. The entrance fees are free or 2.50 pounds. Do you have a preference?
pick one that is free and give me the address and phone number|magdalene college is on magdalene street, and their number is 01223332138. What else can I help with?
I also need a taxi that will get me from the college to the restaurant by 16:45.|Booking completed!
Booked car type	:	black honda
Contact number	:	07095717275
Thank you. That's all I need for now.|Okay, you are welcome and enjoy your time in Cambridge!
I need some tacos! Can you help me find a Mexican restaurant on the south side of the city?|Yes, I found Chiquito Restaurant.   It is located at 2G Cambridge Leisure Park Cherry Hinton Road Cherry .  Phone number is 01223400170.
Thank you very much for the information!|You're welcome. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, I'm also looking for a train leaving Cambridge after 20:30.|Where are you headed to and what day would you like to travel?
peterborough and I need to leave on Saturday after 20:30|Sure, TR4928 leaves Cambridge at 21:06.  Would you like me to make a reservation for you?
Book it for 4 people, yes. I need the reference number too.|I was able to book those 4 tickets for you. Your reference number is 3E8ZH4KO. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No that is it thank you.|You're welcome! Please let me know if you need anything else.
I am looking for an expensive French restaurant.|There are two restaurants that fulfill your inquiry, Cote in the Center and Restaurant Two Two in the north. Would you like more information on either?
Can I get the address of one place?|Cote is located at Bridge Street City Centre.
That's it. Thank you, goodbye|You are welcome and Thank-You.
I would like to go to a mutiple sports attraction in the north.|I'm really sorry about this but my computer doesn't show any sports attractions in the north at this time. Would you like me to do another search?
Could you try a swimming pool instead?|We have two swimmingpools. I recommend Kings Hedges Learner Pool found at 	jedburgh court, kings hedges.
Cool, what's their phone number?|Their phone number is 01223353248. Do you need anything else?
Yes, I'm looking for a chinese restaurant.|There are many options for Chinese restaurants, what area are you looking to dine in?  Do you have a price preference?
Something moderate, and close to the pool, please.|I am showing 4 chinese restaurants. 3 in the centre area and one in the north. Do you have a preference?
I'm looking for something in the north near the pool.|Okay I have one in the north called the Golden Wok. would you like their address or phone number?
Yes, that will work thank you,|Ok! Their address is 191 Histon Road, Chesterton and the phone number is 01223350688.
Can you book me a table for 6 people at 18:45 on Saturday?|I have made your reservations and your reference number is GNC4U1ZN.
I'll also need a taxi. I want to go from the pool to the restaurant and get there in time for that reservation.|Ok, I've got you a taxi. It will be a red volkswagen, contact number	:	07542576951. Can I help with anythign else today?
that is it for today.  thanks for helping|thanks for using our services. good day
Hi I'm looking for a restaurant in the center, one that is inexpensive.|Bedouin on 100 Mill Road City Centre is available.  It serves African food.  Would you like a reservation?
Is there a restaurant that serves Tuscan food?|I'm sorry, but I don't show any Tuscan restaurants.
Can you try Chinese?|We have 6 inexpensive Chinese restaurants in this area.  So that I can narrow down the choice are you looking for the cheap price range or moderately priced?
I'm sorry, I would actually like to find a cheap Mediterranean restaurant.|Sure thing I would suggest la mimosa
is it a cheap place?|La Mimosa is not cheap, but The Gardenia is. Would you like a table there?
yes, I would like to book a table for 7 people at 14:00 on tuesday|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : Y93ZZAHM. Anything else I can help with?
Yes, I'll need a train leaving cambridge and going to ely on Tuesday as well.|at what time do you want to leave or arrive?
i would like to arrive in cambridge by 08:00.|Please confirm you are traveling from cambridge and going to ely. Also, confirm if you want to leave Cambridge at 08:00 or arrive in ely at 08:00.
that is right, please get me the booking.|Your Train ID is TR1534 and the price is 4.40 pounds per person.
Can i get the reference number please?|How many tickets do you need?
I need 7 tickets please.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 30.8 GBP payable at the station .
Reference number is : 25ILDP20.
Thank you so much!|Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No, that's it. Thank you so much for your help.|i am happy i have been of help to you. great day
Hey any ideals for a cheap chines restaurant ?|Charlie Chan is a good one. Would you like me to book it?
Is that one in the south? That's the area I'll be in.|Charlie Chan is in the Centre.  How about the lucky star?  It's in the south.
Sure that sounds good can  get a booking for 6 people at 11:30 on sunday.|Ok.  I have a table for 6 booked at 11:30 Sunday.  The reference number is A57HXG6M.  They will hold the table for 15 minutes.
Thanks. I also need train tickets for Sunday.|Where will you travel to and from?
I'll be travelling from norwich to cambridge.|We have 19 trains that day starting at 5:16 and going by the hour, any preferred time range?
Anytime after 6 would be good thank you|There is a train leaving at 6:16. Would you like me to book that for you?
I need to be in Cambridge by 8:45. Can you book a train for that will arrive close to 8:45? Thanks.|i have train tr4202 that will arrive in cambridge by 08:35. how many tickets do you need?
There are six of us.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 84.48 GBP payable at the station .Reference number is : WPGYOY1Y.
Thanks for taking care of everything so quickly. Have a great afternoon! Bye.|Your welcome. I am glad I was able to help.
Hello, I am looking for information regarding magdalene college.|Sure, the address is magdalene street. The entrance is free, it's in the west area, and the phone number is 01223332138
Thank you so much|Your Welcome have a great day.
Could you also help me find a restaurant? I'm looking for something that's moderately priced that serves Indian food.|You have four choices: Curry Prince or Rajmahal in the east, the nirala in the north, or maghna in the west. Do any of these sound good to you?
Either Curry Prince or Rajmahal will do since they are located in the east.|How about Rajmahal, then? They're located at 7 Barnwell Road Fen Ditton, postcode cb58rg. The phone number is 01223244955. Would you like me to make a reservation today?
Yes, that would be great. Rajmahal it is.|Sure.  When would you like the reservation for and how many will be in your party?
Actually, a reservation won't be necessary right now. that's all I need. Thank you!|You're very welcome.  Goodbye.
Hi, I am traveling to Cambridge and am interested in local restaurants.|We have over 110 restaurants to choose from.  Can you tell me what your pricerange and/or style of food might be to narrow it down?
I am looking for a train.|they are so many. if you can tell us were you are going and day we can help
I need to go to kings lynn on thursday.|When do you need to be in Kings Lynn on Thursday?  I have 19 trains with a variety of departure times that may work for you.
I need a 5:00 pm departure time thank you|There is no 5:00 train from cambridge to kings lynn on thursday, but there is TR7239 that leaves at 5:11. Would that work?
Yes, can I have the train ID and travel time, please?|TR7239 departs from Cambridge at 5:11 on Thursday and arrives at Kings Lynn by 5:58. The duration of travel is 47 minutes. Do you need assistance booking it?
No need to book it, but I would like to find a gastropub restaurant in the east please.|the royal standard is located in that area. would you like me to reserve a table for you?
Yes please, could you book a table for 7 at 11:15 on thursday.|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Your reference number is : 1DX9H02O. Do you need any further assistance today?
That is all I need today.|Have a nice day, goodbye!
I want to find a place to dine located in the north and moderately priced.|We have two options for you to choose from, would you prefer Chinese or Indian cuisine?
It doesn't matter , please send me an address and postcode for one of them.|Golden Wok Chinese, cb43hlm, 191 Histon Road Chesterton.
Thanks. Can you also help me find a hotel called Autumn House?|Autumn House is located on 710 newmarket road. Would you like me to make a reservation for you?
No, just the phone number, thanks!|Their phone number is 01223575122. Is there anything else I could help you with?
I am looking for a hotel called autumn house, do you happen to have their phone number please?|Their phone number is 01223575122
Excellent. That's all I need, thanks!|Have a lovely day!
Can you help me find a swimmingpool in the south?|there aren't any in the south, would you like a different area?
No, please try for a park instead|sheep's green and lammas land park fen causeway is there, would you like to visit them?
Yes may I have their phone number and address.|Their phone number is 01223302580 and the address is fen causeway, newnham road.  Was there anything else you needed to know?
Yes, I'm also looking for a place to dine. I'll need it to be Chinese and in the moderate price range.|I have about 4 places to choose from. 3 are in the centre and 1 is in the south. Do you have a preference on area?
how about you suggest one, area doesn't matter, I need a table for 1 at 15:15 friday and the reference number too please|I've booked you at charlie chan on Friday at 15:15. Your Reference number is : EHXD82T1.
Great that is all I need. Thank you.|It was my pleasure to help. Have a wonderful night. Goodbye.
I'm looking for a high end restaurant in the centre, can you help me out?|I have 33 restaurants that meet that criteria. Is there a certain type of food you are looking for?
I want one that serves light bites.|I am sorry but not results came up with your criteria, would you like to try something else?
What about one that has Italian food?|I have 4 restaurants that come up, based on that criteria. Would you like more information about them?
That's okay, I'll just pick the first one. Can you make a reservation for 2 at 15:30 this Monday?|I apologize booking was unsuccessful.  Would you like me to try another restaurant?
Yes, please try another one of the 4 restaurants you found.|You are booked into the clowns cafe at 54 King Street City Centre. Your reference number is I0EPBDJ4. May I help you with anything else?
Thanks so much for your help|You're welcome. Goodbye!
Hello. I am looking for information about Saint Barnabas Press Gallery.|The Saint Barnabas Press Gallery is a museum in the east area of town. The phone number is 01223902116. Would you like the address?
Yes, can I get it please?|It is located at The Belfast Yard, Coldham's Road. Can I help you with anything else?
Yes, I also need help finding a restaurant. Are there any that serve Chinese food in the South?|There are 3. What price range do you want?
I'm looking for a an expensive one, please.|Peking restaurant is int he expensive price range.
Could you get me a table for 1 at 17:15 on Friday?|Your table is reserved for 15 minutes and the reference number is LW79C4M8.  Can I help you with anything else?
That is all I need, thank you!|Thank you, enjoy the rest of your day!
Please find me a hotel with free parking and free wifi.|Would you prefer to stay in the north, west, centre, or east section of the city?
I would like a place in the north.|There are two hotels in the north that fit your criteria - The Ashley Hotel and the Lovell Lodge. Would you like to book one of these?
Are either of them a 4 star? That's what I'm looking for. What are their postcodes?|There are no 4 star hotels in this area.
Okay well I need free parking and wifi. do either one of these hotels have those amenities?|I don't have anything that meets those criteria. Can I try something else?
Could you pick a hotel in the north with free wifi and parking for me and send me the postcode please.|There are none with that criteria in the area. Would you like to change the perimeters slightly and I shall try again?
How about just a place in the north with a 4 star rating?|Would you like a hotel or guest house?
A hotel with free wifi and parking on the north side.|I'm sorry but we have no hotels on the north side meeting your criteria.  Could we try another area?
no it will be inconvenient for me|Sorry I couldnt help good bye
I'm looking for a moderately priced restaurant in the centre of town.|Okay, sure. Is there a certain part of town you're interested in visiting?
Yes, as I already mentioned, I want a place in the center of town. I'd also like to have Chinese food, please.|There are 3 Chinese restaurants in the centre of town and they're all in the moderate price range. If you like, I can book you a table at one of these?
Sure! Can you book just for 1 at 17:00 on Thursday?|I made a reservation for one at the lan hong house. Your reference number is 5TXC1HGX . Would you like their address or phone number?
No, the reference number is all I need.  I will find it.  Thanks!|Okay, great! Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No, that's it! Thanks for your help!|Awesome. Have a great day!
I'm looking for a guesthouse in the north area.|There are 11 available. Would you like to further search by price range and number of stars?
That would need helpful yes, however I need the hotel to also offer free parking!|I have found 9 guesthouses fitting this criteria. Do you have a preference on price or stars?
Yes, please tell me the star ratings.|The majority of guesthouses available in the North have four stars, with the exception of one guesthouse with 3 stars and one guesthouse with 0 stars.
I would like a place in the North part of town, and its phone number. I also need a restaurant in the same area that is expensive.|Let's get your table booked first please. How about Chinese? The Hakka has great cuisine.
I am actually looking to eat lebanese food.|I'm sorry there are no results for lebanese food in the north that are expensive. Would you like to try another area, or a different cuisine?
How about Chinese then?|There are 2 expensive chinese restaurants in the north. The Hakka is located at Milton Road Chesterton. Would you like me to make a reservation for you?
Yes please, can I get a phone number, address, and reference number?|Hakka is located at Milton Road Chesterton, cb41jy. The phone number is 01223568988. Can I help with anything else today?
I would like to find a place to eat dinner.|Great where would you like to visit?
I am looking for a restaurant in the south part of town that is moderately priced.|I have two restaurants matching your request.  Would you like Italian or Modern European food?
I'm craving some Modern European food!|Would you like me to make a reservation for you then?
Yes please, 1 person on sunday at 14:15.|I have booked a reservation for one person at 14:15 on Sunday at restaurant alimentum successfully. Your reference number is GNRKQ4IT. Would you like me to do anything else for you?
Could you recommend a museum?|Sure thing, I reccomend byard art it has free admission.
Thank you. Could I get the area, post code, and address?|Sure!  It's located in the south, at 14 King's Parade CB2 1SJ.  Can I help you with anything else?
No that's everything I needed, thank you!|enjoy your stay in Cambridge!
A cheap jamaican restaurant, please. If you cannot find one, then mediterranean.|There are no Jamaican restaurants listed. I will look for Mediterranean.
Okay what is the phone number and postcode of that mediterranean place?|The Gardenia is located in the centre at postcode C.B 2, 3 L.L and can be reached at 01223 356354. Can I get anything else for you?
Thank You|Thank you for using the Cambridge restaurant system. Goodbye.
I'm coming into town and want to try local restaurants and am looking for a hotel called Bridge Guest House. Do you know where this place is at?|yes it is located in 151 hills road. anything else?
Yes I would like to book it for 6 people for 3 nights staring from Thursday and would like a reference number after doing so.|I have booked the hotel for you. The reference number is S770N2F9. What kinds of restaurants are you hoping to try?
I would like chinese food please?|I found several all over town. I can narrow the options down based on what part of town you prefer.
I would like to be in the centre|I have 10 restaurants available.  What price range would you prefer?
A cheap place please.|how about charlie chan? sounds lovely.
that sounds good to me. i want you to book it for me|Okay. I need to know the day, time, and number of people you would like to book a reservation for?
I need the reservation for 6 people at 14:00 please.|What day would you like the restaurant for please?
book at table for 6 at 14:00 on thursday, please.|I have made your reservation for 6 people at 14:00 on Thursday for Charlie Chan. Your reference number is 3QUDNYHJ. Is there anything else I may assist you with?
Yes I need a taxi leaving the hotel for the restaurant a little before 14:00.|Okay. I've booked a taxi for you. It'll be a yellow lexus and the contact number is 07801886354
Thank you. That is all I need.|Thanks for letting us assist you! Enjoy your visit!
I have a trip on wednesday and I need a train that departs from birmingham new street.|there are many that day. can you specify your  destination?
The train should depart from birmingham new street and should leave on wednesday.
The train should leave after 10:15 and should go to cambridge|TR7940 leaves at 10:40.  Would you like me to book some seats for you?
Yes, please book two seats for me at 10:40. What time will it arrive in Cambridge?|You will arrive by 13:23.  I have 2 seats booked for you, and the reference number is RBQLUN8O.  Is there anything else I can help you with?
I need the price for the train that leaves at 10:40 for one and the arrival time.|The price is 75.10 per ticket and arrives at 13:23
Thanks so much.  Could I bother you to help me find an expensive Chinese restaurant?|We have several. What part of town would you like it in?
No preference. But please make sure I get the address.|i recommend a place called Hakka. they are located on milton road chesterton.
That is perfect. Thank you that's all I needed today.|You're welcome. Have a great day!
Can you find a restaurant for me that is southern and is in the mid price range?|I found Pizza hut cherry hinton and Restaurant Alimentum for you.
Does either one serve Hungarian food? I'd like Hungarian food.|Unfortunately there are no Hungarian restaurants in the area. Pizza hut cherry hinton serves italian and restaurant alimentum serves modern european if those interest you.
restaurant alimentum sounds interesting. Could you give me more information about this location?|Restaurant Alimentum is moderately priced.  They are located at 152-154 Hills Road.  Would you like me to make a reservation for you?
Yes, I would like a table for 2 on Wednesday.|What time would you like the reservation to be for?
I would like to dine at 13:30 and I also need the reference number.|You reservation is made for 13:30 and your reference number is X1UVXL1X. Can I help you with anything else?
I also am looking for a place to stay, it will need to be on the east side and have free parking, I don't need internet.|Sure on the east side with free parking how about allenbell, autumn house, carolina bed and breakfast, or leverton house all guesthouses.
Any of those could work. You decide.|Let's choose autumn house. Do you have a preference for a time of day and for how long?
Sure, i want 3 nights starting Wednesday please.|Alright, your room has been booked at the Autumn House for 3 nights starting on Wednesday. Your reference number is RDXXH6Q8.
Thank you for all your help. That sounds perfect.|You are quite welcome. Please enjoy your stay in Cambridge!
I'm looking for a place to dine in the centre in the moderate price range.|Would you like a table at Cotto?
Yes, that would be fine. I don't need a book but can you give me the phone number and address for Cotto? Thanks|Sure! The phone number for Cotto is 01223302010 and the address is 183 East Road, City Centre. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Can you tell what attractions are near the restaurant?|There are 44 attractions in the centre of town.  Do you have particular type of attraction in mind?
No, what do you recommend?|The old schools is wonderful located at trinity lane.
What is the entrance fee and phone number?|They have free entrance. Their phone number is 01223332320.
I also want a taxi two go between those two places.|Ok, will you be leaving from the restaurant or the college? And what time of day would you like this booking to be?
I want to leave the college by 07:00 so please go ahead and book that taxi for me|I was able to book your taxi.  It is a white Tesla and the contact number is 07335673174. Is there anything else you need today?
that is all i needed. i appreciate your help alot|I'm glad I was able to help you today. Hope you have a great day.
I'm in the city centre right now, and I'm really craving some Indian food. Can you help me find a place?|I can recommend several options, but it depends upon the price range you are looking for?
I'm looking for some good, cheap food.|There are 3 cheap Indian restaurants in the city centre: Kohinoor, The Gandhi, and Mahal of Cambridge. Do any of these sound good?
Yes, wonderful book a table for 4 on 18:45 thursday at any one of those places.|They are all booked for that time frame. Would you like to try a different time?
Can you try 17:45?|Your booking was successful at the kohinoor for thursday at 17:45. May I help you with anything else today?
Can I please get the reference number?|That would be T91T1IMX. What else can I help you with?
Thanks.  I also need to find a train going to Cambridge on Thursday.  I need to arrive by 9:15.|Sure, where will you be departing from?
I will be departing from  broxbourne|I have the TR5496 arriving by 08:32. Would you like me to book you passage?
No, I only need the train's departure time and travel time.|Okay. The TR5496 leaves Broxbourne at 07:32 and travels for 60 minutes, arriving in Cambridge at 08:32. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Can you verify that the train is departing on Thursday?|Yes, it is. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No thanks. That does it. Have a nice night. Goodbye.|Good night to you too, and goodbye.
Yes, I am looking for a place to eat. Can you help me?|Yes, we have over a hundred restaurants here in Cambridge, I'm sure we'll find one you'll like. Do you have a particular cuisine in mind?
Let's find me a place that serves expensive european food.|Eraina serves expensive european food.
Can I have their address and phone number?|The address for Eraina is Free School Lane City Centre. The phone number is 01223368786. Would you like any other information?
I'm also looking to book some train tickets for Thursday. I need to leave Cambridge and arrive in Leicaster by 09:15.|Then you'll want to take TR0025, departing Cambridge at 07:21 and arriving in Leicester at 09:06. How many tickets do you need?
I will need tickets for 2 people.|I have booked 2 tickets for Thursday. You depart Cambridge at 7:21 and arrive in leicester at 9:06. Your reference number is K4888RU4. Can I help with anything else?
Yay, thank you!|Well I am glad I can help. Enjoy !
Thank you for your help.|No problem!  Have a great trip!
I'm looking for a moderately priced restaurant in the north part of town. I would like to know the type of food, address and phone number.|first we have golden wok at 191 histon road chesterton c.b 4, 3.h l . it is chinese and it's phone number is 01223350688. next we have an indian restaurant at 7 milton road chesterton c.b 4, 1.uy. it is called the nirala
Do you have the phone number for nirala?|The Nirala's phone number is 01223 360966
Thank you, good bye.|You're welcome. I hope you enjoy your meal at The Nirala.
Hello, are there any attractions on the eastside?|Yes, there's entertainment, museums, boats, swimming pools, parks, multiple sports. Would you like information on a particular attraction?
What is the entrance fee for the parks?|The park is free it's called cherry hinton water play would you like the address?
No, but are there any cheap Korean restaurants?|There is one Korean restaurant in the centre of town.
I would like a restaurant in the cheap price range|I am sorry but there are no Korean restaurants in the cheap price range.  Would you like to try another type of food or price range?
How about one that serves Asian Oriental food? Could I have the phone number?|I would recommend the Dojo Noodle Bar. Their phone number is 01223363471. Would you like to reserve a table?
Can you book it for me and get a reference number ?|Yes, I am happy to book you at Dojo. What time would you like to book and for how many people in the party?
Whenever is fine, just for me.|I can book you at 10:00 in the morning if you like. Is there a particular day of the week you had in mind?
i did not have any in mind|To brighten up your Monday I have you booked at dojo noodle bar.
Thank you for such great customer service. I am set for now. Goodbye.|You are most welcome and thank you for contacting the Cambridge TownInfo Centre. Take care!
I would like to know the names of some good local restaurants.  Could you tell me where to find a train?  The train should arrive by 20:15.|Sure, what is your destination?
I'm going to Cambridge.|I have several trains going to cambridge. Where are you departing from?
I'm actually departing from cambridge and going to london kings cross.|train ID TR8676 leaves for London Kings Cross on Wednesday 19: 00 and arrives at 19:51, will that be fine?
That sounds perfect, please book 1 ticket for me, and can I have the reference number?|Booking was successful, the total fee is 23.6 GBP payable at the station .
Reference number is : 4CTSEFMG.
I'm also looking for a moderately priced restaurant.|I see that there are several restaurants in the moderate price range, what type of food are you looking for?
I'm looking for an expensive vietnamese place to eat, can you help me find one?|It doesn't look like there are any expensive Vietnamese restaurants. Would you like me to look for a different cuisine type or price range?
Are there any British food joints?|Graffiti is in the west part of town in the expensive price range, would you like to book that?
Yes, please book a table for 6 on Thursday.|What time shall we make that booking for?
Make it for 11:15 and please give me a reference number.|Alright, your table for 6 has been booked for Graffiti for Thursday at 11:15. Is there anything else I can do for you?
Yes, can I please have the reference number as well for the booking?|Of course, the reference number is 1JR8K2OP. May I assist you with anything else?
No that is all, thank you very much.|You are very welcome. Please feel free to contact us in the future. Have a great day.
Hello! I'm looking for a train arriving at Cambridge that would leave after 13:15.|There are many trains heading to cambridge after 13:15 where do you want to depart from?
Sorry, I need to leave from Broxbourne on Friday.|There are several options, the first one leaving at 13:32.  It is a 60 minute trip.  Can I reserve seats for you?
Can I get the train ID?|Sure thing! It is TR7015
Thank you for your help, I am also looking for a restaurant that serves African food in the moderate price range, can you help?|I am sorry but I do not have an African restaurants. Is there a different type of cuisine I could try?
Do you have any African restaurants in the east in any price range?|There is a restaurant called Bedouin that serves African foods. They are in expensive price range, located in the centre. Can I book a table for you?
I actually would like one in the moderate price range.|I apologize. I have double-checked and there are no African restaurants in the moderate price range. Is there another type of restaurant you would be interested in?
How about one that has Indian food?|I have the Curry Prince moderately priced in the east.  Would you like to book it?
Yes please and I need the postcode and address.|The post code iscb58jj	and their address is 451 Newmarket Road Fen Ditton. Please give me details of your party and what time and day you'll be visiting.
Oh, I don't need a reservation. I just needed their information so I can go by. Thank you. Have a good day. Goodbye.|You've very welcome. Good day.
Hello, I need to find a place to stay for the night. I'd rather be in the north than the city centre, and I'm willing to pay a moderate sum.|I have several guesthouses available. Would the acorn guest house work for you?
Does that have free wifi?|Yes, they offer free internet and parking. Would you like to book a room?
Could I please have the address?|Sure. Acorn Guest House is on 154 Chesterton Road. Can I help you with anything else?
I need a moderate place to eat, same area as my hotel.|There is a Chinese restaurant, as well as an Indian restaurant, in that area.  Which do you prefer?
Can I have the address for the Chinese place?|The address for the Golden Wok Chinese restaurant is 191 Histon Road Chesterton.  Is there anything else I can help you with?
Can I have the address for the Indian restaurant?|The address for the Indian restaurant is 7 Milton Road Chesterton. Do you need anything else?
No, that is all I need today. Thank you for all your help!|You're welcome. Good-bye.
Can you recommend me a moderately priced restaurant in the north part of town ?|I found two restaurants.  Would you prefer chinese or indian food?
I do not care what kind of food.|There are two restaurants in the moderate price range and north area. There is golden wok and there is the nirala.
What is the address and phone number of the Golden Wok?|the golden wok address is 191 histon road chesterton and the phone number is 01223 350688. is there anything else I can help you with?
Thank you, goodbye.|Thank you for using the Cambridge restaurant system. Please call again! Goodbye.
I'd really like to get the number for the Yippee Noodle Bar restaurant if you please?|Sure the number is 01223518111
Ok, I would like to book a table for 4 at 13:15 on Monday if possible?|I'm sorry but a table isn't available at that time or day. Would you like another time?
Hmm.. how about 12:15?|I have booked a table for 4 at 12:15 on Monday. Your reference number is YYS0SW42.
I would also like a train on the same day as the restaurant booking and should arrive by 09:45.|Okay, I've located a train departing Peterborough and arriving at 09:38. How many train tickets do you want?
The train needs to depart from Kings Lynn and go to Cambridge.|There is a train leaving Kings Lynn at 08:11 arriving at 08:58 in Cambridge. Do you want me to make a reservation?
No, just tell me the price.|The price is 9.80 pounds, payable at the station. How else can I help you?
That should be all thank you|Alright. If you think of anything else you may need feel free to contact me. Have a good day.
I need a moderately priced restaurant that serves molecular gastronomy food please.|i'm sorry but there are no molecular gastronomy restaurants within this area. sorry about that.
How about modern european food?|There is one. De Luca Cicina and Bar located in the centre. Does that work for you?
That works just fine. Book it for myself at 17:30 on Tuesday if that's available.|Booking was unsuccessful. Do you want to try for another day or time slot?
Do they have an opening at 16:30, by any chance?|Yes that certainly worked! You're booked for 16:30 on Tuesday and your reservation number is IBFE4S17.
Thanks! I'm also looking for a guesthouse to stay at. I don't need free parking.|I have 3 guesthouses that meet your criteria. One is in the east and the other 2 in the north, which area would you prefer?
It doesn't matter, but I would prefer a 3 star one.|The alpha-milton guest house is the only place matching your criteria.
That one sounds perfect. Can I get the address for the alpha-milton guesthouse please.|The address is 63 milton road. Is there anything else I can do for you?
No that is great. Thanks for all your help.|No problem at all! Keep us in mind when you need a hand!
Where is a good cheap Singaporean place to eat?|My system isn't showing anything, do you have a particular name or any alternative type restaurants you would like me to try?
Is there anything that is cheap, and in the south that could serve Singaporean food?|Sorry there is not restaurant matching your request available. Would you like to select a different food type to see what we can find?
Yes, can you find me a cheap place to eat serving chinese food?|The Lucky Star is cheap and serves Chinese food.
That'll be great. Can I get the phone number, address, and postcode to that please?|The phone number is 01223244277, address is Cambridge Leisure Park Clifton Way Cherry Hinton, and postcode is cb17dy.
I also am looking for a hotel with a 4 star rating.|There are a total of 21 hotels in cambridge with a 4 star rating. Would you prefer a certain price range or location?
I am looking for a cheap place in the south.|There are no hotels meeting those criteria in the south however Rosa's Bed and Breakfast guesthouse with 4 stars priced cheap is available.
OK, a guesthouse will be fine.|Great! What day would you like to book? Anything else you want to share?
I don't wish to book. Can I just get the postcode and phone number?|The phone number for Rosa's Bed and Breakfast is 01223512596 and the postcode is cb22ha. Can I help with anything else?
Can you book me a taxi to bring me between the two? I am wanting to leave the hotel by 16:45. Also can I have the contact number and car type?|I was able to book that for you. The car type is a White Honda and the contact number is 07321469386. Is there anything else I can help with?
Great thank you that's all that I needed today.|You're welcome! Have a great trip!
I'm looking for an expensive restaurant in the south.|I have two that fit that description, would you prefer Chinese or Portuguese?
Either one. I just need it to be open on Sunday.|Okay, lets do the Lucky Star. Would you like a reservation?
I would like that. A table for 8 at 12:00.|I have booked a table for 8 at the Lucky Star. The reference number is IILATPJI. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I'm looking for a guesthouse to stay at. It should have free parking.|The acorn guest house would be perfect. Shall I book it ?
Yes, that would be great. I'll need it booked for the same group of people, 2 nights, and starting on the same day.|Your hotel reservation number is D6UOJ6SH, for Sunday, 8 people for two nights. Is there anything else I can help you with?
i dont think so. i think thats all. take care. bye.|Thank you for contacting us and have a nice day.
I am looking for a place called Cherry Hinton Water Play|It's located on 	cherry hinton hall, cherry hinton road, cb18dw. Their phone number is 01223446100. Will that be all?
I also need their postcode.|the postcode is cb18dw
I'm also looking for a restaurant. Do you have anything cheap that serves Indian food?|Yes, we have cheap Indian restaurants in both the centre and northern parts of town. Do you have any preferences?
Can you suggest one thats in the north? I would just need the name and address please. Thanks.|How does royal spice sound? They're on Victoria Avenue in Chesterton.
I would need a taxi to travel to cherry hinton water play from the restaurant.|What time do you need that taxi?
I want to leave royal spice by 11:45 please|A blue tesla will pick you at 11:45 from royal spice. There contact number is 07346133095. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, that will be all today. Thank you.|Thank you for contacting us and have a nice day.
looking for a restaurant. The restaurant should be in the moderate price range and should be in the centre.|I have many excellent options available. Do you have a cuisine preference, I should I recommend one?
No, I don't have a cuisine preference. I just need to book for 5 people at 19:30 on tuesday.|Great, I booked you at the Yippee Noodle Bar and your reference number is NE9Y6864.
That sounds great, thank you. Goodbye.|You're welcome. I appreciate your using the TownInfo centre. Goodbye.
Can I get the address and cuisine type of a  moderately priced restaurant in the east part of town?|The Curry Prince is in the east part of town and in the moderatre price range. The address for the Curry Prince is, 451 Newmarket Road Fen Ditton. Is there anything else I can help you with?
What type of food do they serve?|The Curry Prince serve's Indian food, may I help you with anything else?
Thank you goodbye.|Your welcome, Have a good day
I would like to find the Anatolia restaurant please.|I have that place here, the adress is 30 Bridge street City Centre, postcode cb21uj
What is the price range?|It is in the moderate price range. Would you like a reservation?
No, I'm all set. Thanks! Bye!|Have a wonderful day.
Hi, I need a train to Cambridge on Sunday.|I have 202 trains traveling to cambridge on Sunday. Where will you be departing from, and what time would you like to arrive?
I'm leaving from London Liverpool Street after 14:45.|There is a train at 15:39 and several others every two hours after that.  Can I book a seat for you?
please book me on the 15:39 train.|Will you needing more than one ticket?  The cost per seat is 13.28 pounds.
No, just one ticket please.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 13.28 GBP payable at the station . Your Reference number is 33Z0FMIQ.
Great. Can you also help me find out about a restaurant called charlie chan?|Charlie Chan's address is Regent Street City Centre and the number is 01223361763.
Could you please make a reservation on Sunday for 7 people at 21:00?  I would like a reference number.|Unfortunately, the restaurant is already booked at that time. Is there another day or time you would like to go?
How about 20:00?|Your booking is complete. Your table is reserved for 15 minutes and your reference number is NCQJQGNE. Is there anything else I can help with?
I think that is it. Thanks so much for your help|Okay thank you for calling.
I am wanting to find an attraction called The Place. Can you help me?|The Place is a nightclub in the south part of town located at 22 Sidney Street. Is there anything else you need?
Can you give me the postcode please?|The postcode is cb23hg, can I assist with anything else?
I also need a restaurant.|What sort of food would you like?
I'm in the mood for some Modern European food|I would suggest the river bar steakhouse and grill
Great, is it moderately priced?|It is in the cheap price range.  Would you prefer moderate price?
I would prefer moderate price range please.|there is no restaurant fitting your description. can we change the cuisine.
Can you double check for modern european food, centre area, and in the moderate price range?|riverside brasserie would suit those needs.
Sounds tasty. Can you get me a reservation for Saturday?|Your reservation for 1 on Saturday was successful. Reference number: LXQWW69Y
Thank you.  I will also need a taxi to get form the attraction to the restaurant by 13:15.|Please look for a yellow Tesla.  Your contact number is: 07159979222.  What else can I assist you with today?
That is all I need.|Have a nice day.
I am looking for a place to stay.|You're in luck, we have lots of places you can stay at! Do you have an area preference or a price range that you want to stick to?
I'd like to stick to the cheap price range please in the Centre.|How about Alexander Bed and Breakfast? It is a cheap 4 star in centre.
Does it have a star rating of 4?|yes, it has a four star rating.
Awesome, please book it for 2 nights starting Tuesday|How many people are in your party?
Just one.|Booking was successful. your Reference number is : PV4MAEDL. is there anything else i can help you with?
I also need to find an Indian restaurant in the east. What ever you recommend. I need the postcode and address as well.|I would suggest curry prince. Address is 451 Newmarket Road Fen Ditton and postcode cb58jj. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
that will be fine. i also want a taxi to commute between the to places.|What are your departure and arrival sites and times?
it should leave the restaurant by 14;00|For how many, and when would you like to arrive?
Also please provide me with contact number and car type.|Booking was successful! Your car is a white ford and you can contact them at 97556660882 should you need to.
Thank you so much. That's all I need today.|Okay have a great day and a great trip!
I am looking for a place to stay with free parking and need to be in the north|There are several that offer free parking in the north, do you have a price range?
Yes, I'd like a moderately priced one, and I also need free wifi.|I have 9 different places for you. Do you prefer a guesthouse or hotel?
I would like a hotel please.|Ashley hotel looks like a good choice.
ok i would like to book it for thursday for 2 people  for 3 night im also looking for a restaurant in the same price range as the hotel|Booking was successful reference number is I53II5MX. There are several restaurants is there any food preference?
Great. I also need to find a restaurant for the same number of people on the same day for 19:00.|I'd love to help you find a place to eat. What kind of food do you like, and is there any part of town you prefer to dine in?
I don't care about the type of cusine, I'd like it to be in the moderate range in the north.|There is a Chinese restaurant and an Indian restaurant in the North. Where would you like to go?
Let's go with the chinese place. Can you book me a table for 2 on Thursday at 19:00?|I have your table reserved at the Golden Wok for Thursday at 19:00.  The reference number is 5ZZI5FKL.  Is there anything else I can help with?
No, thank you, that's all.|It was my pleasure to help. Have a great afternoon. Goodbye.
I'd like an expensive restuarant in the south part of town.|I have 5 results matching your request, are you looking for a particular type of food to eat?
I want Indian, please.|Sure I have the Taj Tandoori in that price range. Would you like a telephone number or a booking?
That would be great! Could I also receive the address and post code with that?|Taj Tandoori is located at 64 Cherry Hinton Road Cherry Hinton, postcode cb17aa. The phone number is 01223412299. Did you want to make a reservation?
No thanks, I'll take care of that. I'm all set today - thanks for your help!|Thank you for using our system.
I need help with a train to Cambridge.|What station do you wish to leave from?
I want to leave from birminham new street on Thursday.|There are 19 trains departing from Birmingham New Street to Cambridge, do you have a time preference in mind?
Yes, I need to leave Birmingham after 18:30.|There is no train leaving at that time.
Anytime after 18:30 will be fine, it doesn't have to be at that exact time.|the TR7285 leaves at 18:40 that day.
I would like to make reservations for 5 people.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 375.5 GBP payable at the station . the Reference number is : SU7BIOLW. is there anything else i can help you with?
Thanks! I'm also looking for a Chinese restaurant in the centre.|Do you have a price range in mind?
Um... no, not really.|I found 10 Chinese restaurants in the Centre with various price ranges. Would you like a recommendation?
Yes! What place would you recommend?|jinling noodle bar is located in the centre and is in the moderate price range. It will suit your needs. Can I make a booking for you?
Yes please. For 5 people on Thursday at 21:00. Can I get the reference number after you book it?|You are booked, the reference number is KA64ONYZ, is there anything else that I can assist with?
Thank you for all your help.|You are very welcome. Good day.
I would like to visit an attraction the has multiple sports.|I found one for you. It's The Cherry Hinton Village Centre on Colville Road. Do you need any additional information?
What is the entrance fee?|I don't have that information, but you can call them at 01223576412 to get more information.
I also would like to find  Turkish restaurant in the center of town.|I have three turkish restaurants in the centre.  Two are moderate price and one is expensive.
I don't care about the price range. Will you please book me a table for 3 people at 17:15 on Wednesday at one of the restaurants?|I have booked you a table for 3 at the meze bar restaurant on Wednesday at 17:15.  The reference number is X6AY26U1, can I help you with anything else?
No thank you that is all.|Thank you for using our services. Have all of your needs been met today?
Thats everything I needed thanks for the help!|You are very welcome. Please contact us again if you need further assistance.
Where can I find portuguese food?|I found two portuguese restaurants.  Would you prefer the south or centre part of town?
Any area.|Nandos is a Portuguese restaurant in the south part of town.
What is the address?|Nandos is located at Cambridge Leisure Park Clifton Way. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No, thank you.|Thank you.
I am looking for a place to eat in Cambridge thats is indian with moderate pricing|I have four Indian restaurants in the area. Two in the east, one in the west and one in the north. Do you have a preference as to what area?
No, I don't care about that.|Okay. Would you like to go to Curry Prince, The Nirala, Meghna, or Rajmahal?
I have no idea. Which one is your favorite?|I would choose the curry prince. Can I book that for you?
Yes, please book a table for 2 on Sunday at 19:45. You'll need to give me the reference number. I'm also looking for a nightclub in the center of town.|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : CTV9SXGD. There are several night clubs in the centre. club salsa is great!
I need a cab to arrive by the booked time, can I also get the contact # and car type too please|Would you like to leave from your hotel?
I don't really care as long as I get to the restaurant by 19:45|Can you please give me the name of your hotel?
I do not have it right now.|Sorry, I'm a little confused. There was no mention of hotel. Where would you like to go?
Can I get club salsas phone number and address? I would like the taxi from the club to the restaurant|The salsa is at 1 station road. I can work on the taxi in just one second.
Great. I would like a taxi from club salsa to the restaurant. I want to arrive by my reservation time.|i have booked  Black honda with contact 07157896056
I think that will be all.  Thanks so much for your help!|you are welcome and thanks
have yourself a great day|Thank you for calling Cambridge TownInfo centre! I hope you have a wonderful visit!
I need help finding a hotel that has free wifi and parking, can you help?|The Ashley Hotel and Lovell Lodge are moderately priced hotels, and the Express by Holiday Cambridge, Gonville Hotel, and Huntingdon Marriot are more expensively priced. All have parking and wifi.
Actually, are any of these 4 star rated?|The Huntingdon Marriott Hotel is a four star hotel.
Sounds perfect.  Can you book a room for 2 nights starting Sunday?  There are 7 of us.|Yes I have done so and your reference number is U2UTF524.
I'm also looking for a place to dine that's in the centre and in the expensive range.|The bedouin features african cusine and is located in the centre in the	expensive range.
Is there anything that serves Turkish food?|Yes there is the meze bar restaurant would you like me to book it for you?
No, I just need the phone number.|I'm sorry, but Meze Bar Restaurant's phone number is not listed.
I need a taxi  from Huntingdon Marriott Hotel to Meze Bar Restaurant|What time do you want to leave the hotel?
Doesn't matter. I just need to leave the restaurant by 13:00. I will also need the contact number and car type of the taxi.|Sure thing. A yellow Honda will be outside waiting for you. The driver's contact number is 07929295523. Can I help with anything else?
That will be all. Thanks for your help!|You're welcome, have a great day.
Can you help me find a park to visit in Cambridge?|Is there a specific area you'd like to visit a park in?
I have no area preference. Can you suggest a park for me? Thanks a lot|My suggestion would be the Cambridge University Botanic Gardens. The do charge 4 pounds for entrance but it is by far worth it. They are located on Bateman Street.
Okay, what area is that in?|It's in the centre area.
Great, thanks. Also, can you tell me a little about a restaurant called La Mimosa?|Sure, that's a mediterranean restaurant located in the centre area.  Would you like to make a reservation?
Yes, and can I get a phone number and area?|01223362525. Would you like me to book you a table?
Actually, no I don't.|Okay, is there anything else I can help with today?
That was all I needed today, thank you so much.|You're welcome, have a great day.
Hi, I'm looking to try Eritrean food. Do you have a restaurant listing?|Unfortunately, I wasn't able to find any. What about Sri Lankan food instead?
What do you have in the cheap price range?|There are over 20 restaurants in Cambridge that fall into the cheap price range. Did you want to try a different cuisine since there were no Eritrean locations?
Sure, can you find an nice Italian restaurant?|How about zizzi cambridge? They are on 47-53 Regent Street
Sure that sounds good. Would like that address please|zizzi cambridge address is 47-53 Regent Street and the post code is cb21ab. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, I need a train out of Cambridge on Thursday, please.|Where would you be going to?
I need to leave after 8:15 and go to London Kings Cross, please.|TR8636 leaves at 9:00 would you like me to book it for you?
No, but what is the travel time for that train ID?|Your travel time would be 51 minutes.  Would you like to book at ticket?
Nah that won't be necessary.|Is there anything else that I can assist with today?
I think that's everything I need right now. Thank you very much!|Great!  I hope you enjoy your travels!  Thank you for contacting the Cambridge TownInfo centre.
I am looking for a cheap Asian Oriental restaurant.|Great!  There are 2 cheap Asian Oriental restaurants in the city centre.  Would you like me to book you a reservation at one of them?
Yes. I need a reservation for 2 people, Saturday night at 6:00pm.|I am sorry, but there is not a table available at that time. Would you like to try a different restaurant?
I'm sorry, I was actually looking for a reservation for Monday at 6:15. Are there any tables available at that time?|I have you at J restaurant, 16:15, reference number is : ENOZR5HA. Anything else?
Great thank you for your help.|Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Yes, I actually need a table for 6 people not 2 @ 18:15 on Monday.|Okay I have amended that reservation and your reference number is NMJIT3AV.
Thank you so much and I apologize for the confusion on my part.  That is all I need for now.  Bye.|Okay. No worries. Enjoy your dinner!
I need a train that leaves on monday from cambridge|Ok and what is your destination?
Norwich. I'd like to leave after 17:30|Okay, the TR6675 leaves at 17:36 and arrives by 18:55. Would you like me to book tickets?
Yes please book that for 5 people.|Your train tickets are booked, please retain reference number: YVHR5SZJ and the fee for the tickets is 88GBP, which you will be required to pay at the station. Anything else today?
I need a restaurant that serves catalan food and it should be in the west.|Unfortunately, I'm not finding any Catalan restaurants in the west. Would you like me to look in other areas?
Is there another high-end restaurant in the west area that you can recommend?|Are you looking for expensive food?
Yes, please.|Cocum is an expensive restaurant on the west part of town serving Indian food. Would you like more information or reserve a table?
I don't really like Indian food. Are there any expensive british restaurants in the west?|Yes, I have 2.  The Graffiti and Traveller's Rest.  Do you know which you would prefer?
I don't really have a preference. Which one would you recommend?|I would recommend the Travellers rest.  Would you like me to book you a table?
Yes, I would like a table.|What day and time will you want a table?
the same group of people at 11:45 on the same day and I need the reference number|Your table is booked, ref#QMAI5KUQ. Can I help you with anything else today?
that's all thanks|excellent, have a great day!
I need some information on a place called Pizza express.|Pizza Express is a moderately priced Italian restaurant in the center of town. Do you need more information?
Can you give me the postcode and address please?|Of course. The postcode is cb21db and it is at Regent Street City Centre. Can I help you with anything else today?
Yes, I'm looking for colleges to see in town. Can you help me with that?|what is your price range for that?
I don't care about that but I would like the address and area of the college I visit.|I would recommend gonville and caius college, that is a nice campus in the centre area and best of all, admission is free, would you like more info?
What is the address for Gonville and Caius College?|you selected attraction can you please correct so I can search.
The gonville caius college would be a nice attraction. Could I get the address please?|It is located on trinity street.
Thank you. I look forward to the day in town. Goodbye.|I'm happy to be of help. Take care. Goodbye.
Hello, I am looking for a moderately priced restaurant in the south part of town.|What kind of food do you want? italian or modern european?
I do not care.|There are two restaurants: Pizza Hut Cherry Hinton and Restaurant Alimentum.
Is there anything else available?|No, there are only 2 restaurants in the area. Is there anything else I can help with?
Give me the address and postcode of any of them, please.|The phone number for pizza hut cherry hinton is 01223 323737 and they are located at G4 Cambridge Leisure Park Clifton Way Cherry Hinton.
What is the postcode?|The postcode is C.B. 1 7 D.Y
That's great. Thank you so much|You're very welcome.
Hi I want to find a place to eat in the moderate price range in the east part of town.|There are two Indian restaurants and one Italian restaurant Which food type would you prefer?
One that  serves italian food.|That would be the Pizza Hut Fen Ditton, at Cambridge Retail Park Newmarket Road Fen Ditton. Would you like a reservation?
Yes any one of them would be find. A table for 4 at 13:30 on tuesday please.|It is not open then, perhaps another day, place or time?
No, I really need it for that time and area. Maybe the indian restaurant if it is in the same price range?|Yes. I was able to book a table for 4 at Curry Prince for Tuesday at 13:30. Reference number is 34FPHM6M. Is there anything else i can help you with?
No thank you that should be all.|Thank you for using our system today!
Hi, I am looking for a restaurant. I would prefer an expensive restaurant in the west of the city.|We offer 9 such places.
Is there a British one available?|Great choice!  I have two.  Graffiti and travellers rest.  Would you like me to book one of these?
I am looking for some rest as a traveler so I choose travellers rest. There will be four of us for Saturday at 11:00. Please book.|I'm sorry, it seems they are unable to accommodate you at that day and time. Would you like me to try another?
Can you try for 10:00 please?|A table is reserved for 10:00. Your reference number is TX8BTBJT. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. May I help you with anything else?
I would also like to find a college to visit.|What area is this college in? Do you know the name of it?
Is there a college on the west side of town by the restaurant travellers rest?  I will need the college's address and phone number, too.|How about Queen's College? It is on the west side of town. The phone number is 01223335511 and address is Silver Street.
Yes! I would also like to book a taxi.|I can certainly help you with that! Where would you like to be picked up and dropped off, and at what time?
I would like to be picked up at Queen's College on Silver street and taken to Traveler's West. I want to make the reservation on time.|Okay, I've got a grey skoda booked for you.
Could you provide a contact number? Thanks!|The contact number is 07334374879. Is there something else I can assist with?
Great that is all I needed thank you for your help today.|Thank you for using our service. Have a great night. Goodbye.
I am looking for a restaurant that serves Vietnamese food. I don't care about the price range.|Thanh binh is a vietnamese restaurant in the west part of town. Would you like their location?
Yes, what is their address and phone number?|its address is 17 Magdalene Street City Centre and the phone number is 01223 362456 .
Thank you!|Thank you, goodbye.
i am looking for a restaurant. The restaurant should be in the expensive price range and should be in the west.|There are few expensive restaurants in the west what type of cuisine do you want ?
I would like to eat european food please.|There is one option. It's cambridge lodge restaurant. Do you want to book a table?
I'm not ready to book yet. Can you just give me the phone number, postcode, and address?|Sure, the phone number is 01223355166 and it is located at Cambridge Lodge Hotel 139 Huntingdon Road City Centre.  Postcode cb30dq.
Thank you so much, that is all I needed for now.|You are welcome. Have a nice day!
Hi, I am traveling to Cambridge soon.  I am so excited to see some local tourist attractions.  I could use some help with restaurants though.|Okay I can help with that. What type of food would you like to eat and what is your price range?
I am looking for an expensive Indian restaurant.|Thanks for the information. What area should the restaurant be in?
It should be in the west.|The India House is located on the West side and offers a wide range of fine diners.
Great.  Could I book a table for 6 people on Sunday at 11:00?|You're all set for sunday at 11:00 for six.  The reference number is 111YXDK3.  Is there anything else I can help you with?
I am also wondering if you can help me find an entertainment place in the west as well.|There is a place called Whale of a Time.  The phone number is 01954781018.  Can I help you with anything else?
Yes, I was also interested in booking a taxi.  Could you help me with that?|Sure, what time you would like to leave by?
Doesn't matter, as long as I leave Whale of a Time and get to India House before my reservation at 11:00.|I have booked you a taxi to arrive at the India House by 11:00.  The car driven will be a grey volkswagen and the contact number is 07207500599.
Ok, that's all I need, thanks.|You're welcome, have a great day.
I'm headed to broxbourne and need a train that leaves after 15:00|Where would you be departing from?
I will be leaving Cambridge.|On what day will you be leaving?
I will be leaving on saturday.|Okay, the TR8522 leaves at 15:01 and arrives at 16:01 and is 14.32 pounds per ticket.
Great! Can you book 2 tickets on that train, please?|Okay. Your booking was successful! Your reference number is CRJ5BQKH. Your total fee is 28.64 GBP which you can pay at the station.
Thanks! I'm also looking for a restaurant named efes restaurant.|Efes is a turkish restaurant in the city centre. It's in the moderate price range and the phone is 01223500005. Would you like me ot make a booking for you?
No that's okay.  I have 2 tickets  on TR8522 that leaves out of Cambridge  at 15:01 for 28.64 GBP reference number CRJ5BQKH.|Great.  Do you need anything else?
No thank you, that is everything.|Have a great day then.
I am looking for a cheap gastropub restaurant in the centre of town|I was not able to find any restaurants matching your requirements.
How about something in the south and moderate price range?|I'm still not finding anything. Would you like me to search a different part of town or a different food type?
Sure let's try chinese food.|There are 3 cheap chinese restaurants in the centre of town: Charlie Chan, Rice House, or Golden House. Would you like me to book any of these?
I'll take Rice House, what's the postcode?|It's cb12bd. Anything else I can get you?
That's all. Thank you.|You're welcome. Have a great day!
Hello! Can you please give me information about Ruskin Gallery?|ruskin gallery is a museum in the centre. The entrance is free and they are located at anglia ruskin university, east road. Can I help with anything else?
Could you provide me with the phone number?|Sure, their phone number is 01245493131. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Also looking for a restaurant that serves Lebanese food in the moderate price range.|Ali baba is a lebanese restaurant with a moderate price range. Do you want to book it?
Is it located in the centre?|Yes, it is. Would you like me to book it?
Yes for 5 people at 16:00 on friday.|Booking was successful and the reference number is : E089XI1O.
Great. Thank you so much for booking that.|What else may I help you with?
That is all I need. Thank you for your help. Good bye.|Have a great day. Goodbye.
I need to a train that goes to Cambridge, from Stansted Airport.|There are 133 trains traveling from Stansted Airport to Cambridge between Friday and Wednesday. What day did you want to travel?
i would like to travel friday around 2pm|The TR2819 fits the bill, would you like me to book you passage?
yes please and a reference number please thank you|Booking was successful, the total fee is 10.1 GBP payable at the station .Reference number is : LQ076J6Z.
Did I mention I need two tickets? There are 2 of us. Sorry.|Not a problem. The reference number is BYTSKQJT, and the price is 20.2 GBP, payable at the station. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
I also want to find a restaurant that serves Mediterranean food for a cheap price.  I'd like a reservation for 2 people that same day.|There is The Gardenia in the centre that meets your criteria. Would you like me to book it for you?
Sure, please book it for saturday at 17:15, for 2 people. And tell me the reference number|Alright I've made that booking they will hold the table for 15 minutes and the reference # is 0VES7LP4. Is there anything else i can help you with?
No, that's it. Thank you. Goodbye.|You're welcome, have a great time.
Can you help me find a restaurant called little seoul?|Little Seoul is located at 108 Regent Street City Centre.
Thanks, will you please get me a reservation for 4 people at 16:00 on monday there?|I've made your reservation for 4 on Monday at 16:00. Your reference number is PCU46V3W. Can I help with anything else?
Thanks, that's all. Good bye.|Thank you for using our services.
I want a train that leaves from Cambridge on Monday.|There are quite a few options available to you. Is there a specific destination you are looking for?
I am headed to Stevenage. I cannot get on the train until 14:45.|There are 5 options available. Is there a time that you would like to arrive by?
No, the first train leaving after 14:45  would be fine. I want to book tickets for 8 people.|I was able to book TR2045, reference number is 7OWLTI02.
Thanks. Can you look for a restaurant that serves british food. It sounds good.|There are 11 british restaurants to choose from. Is there a particular area you're interested in?
No certain area, but I'd like one in a moderate price range please.|We have 5 places listed that would meet your needs.  Would you like me to recommend one for you?
Yes, please. That would help me a lot. I would need to book a table at the one you recommend.|I would recommend The Copper Kettle located in the city centre. I can book that for you now if you'd like
Yes for 6. and I'll need the reference number.|I can do that but just need a date and time in order to book. When would you like to go?
Monday at 11:45 please.|You are booked and your reference number is 4AEEDA4Z. May I help you wirh anything else today?
That seems to be everything. Thank you for your help.|Perfect. Have a great day. Goodbye.
I would like to find a moderately priced restaurant in the west part of town.|Meghna is an indian restaurant that meets your criteria. Would you like their location?
west part of town.|Meghna is located in the west part of town.
Can you please let me know the address?|The address is 205 Victoria Road Chesterton.
Are there any other moderately price restaurants in the west part of town? Can I get the address for another one?|Prezzo is a moderately priced Italian restaurant in the west part of town. It is located at 21-24 Northampton Road.
Thank you goodbye.|Goodbye.
I need informant on trains.|okay what information do you need per say?
I'd like a train from Cambridge to London Liverpool Street, arriving by 21:30 on Tuesday.|TR3515 will arrive at 21:27, would that work for you?
Sure. Could you tell me the typical travel time, and price for a ticket?|The typical travel time is 88 minutes and it is 16.60 pounds per ticket. Would you like for me to book that for you?
No. Could you please find me a restaurant in the center of town  in the expensive price range?|We have 5 different restaurants in the centre. Two of them are expensive, one of them is African cuisine, the other is oriental cuisine. What do you prefer?
What are the expensive ones?|We have the Bedouin, Kymmoy, Fitzbillies Restaurant, The Cambridge Chop House, and The Midsummer House Restaurant.  All 5 are expensive and in the town centre.
Could I have the postcode of one that you recommend?|How about Bedouin? The postcode is CB12BD. Can I help you with anything else?
no that is it for today. thanks for helping|You're welcome, have a great day.
What is the best french expensive restaurant in town?|There are two located in town. The Restaurant Two Two, which is in the north, and the Cote, which is located in the centre. Would you like to book a table?
I'd like to eat at the one that's in the north.|Okay, that's Restaurant Two Two, located at 22 Chesterton Road Chesterton cb43ax. May I help you book a table?
What is the phone number for the restaurant?|They can be reached at 01223351880. Can I help you with anything else?
Yes, can you tell me a little about a hotel called Rosa's Bed and Breakfast?|It is located at 53 roseford rd in the south area, rated 4 stars, they have internet and parking.  The phone number is 01223512596.
Thank you for that information. Sounds like a good place.|Would you like me to make you a reservation?
Hmm, no thank you. I will need a taxi though, can you help me with that?|Where are you traveling to and from?
It's going to be from the restaurant to the hotel. I want to leave the restaurant by 4:45. Can you tell me what type of car and contact number?|I've booked your taxi! A yellow Tesla will pick you up at the restaurant at 4:45, and the contact number is 07207525802.
Great! Thank you very much!|Is there anything else I can do to help you today?
No, that is it. Thanks. Bye.|Alright! Thanks for contacting Cambridge TownInfo centre! Have a great day!
Can you find me an expensive restaurant in the north side?|There are 5 available. Do you want to specify a food type?
Yes, are there any that serve persian food? I would also like a phone number.|None of them serve persian food. Would you like to search for another option?
It doesn't really matter then. I just need to know the type of food, name of the restaurant, and their phone number.|May I suggest Hakka? It is a Chinese food. The phone number is 01223568988. Is there anything else i can help you with?
I am also looking for a place to stay, preferably a 2 star hotel.|May I suggest the Ashley Hotel, the Express by Holiday Inn Cambridge or the Lovell Lodge as recommend hotels to stay in. These are all two stars hotels.
Can you please send me reviews|there are no reviews available at this time for the three hotels mentioned.
Do they include free parking?|The three hotels have parking, but I am not sure if it is free. Would you like me to call and check?
No. But I also need help booking a taxi to leave the restaurant by 20:00. Could you provide a contact number and car type with my taxi booking please?|In order to book the taxi could you please tell me your destination?
Yes, from Hakka, to the Ashley Hotel please. I want to leave Hakka at 20:00.|OK, I have a taxi booked for you. The car will be a yellow skoda, and the contact number is 07941022282. Can I help you with anything else today?
That is all I need for today. Thank You!|You're welcome. Have a great day!
Hi! I'd like to find an expensive Indian restaurant to dine at.|Curry garden is an Indian restaurant in the expensive price range.
Is Curry garden in the centre?|Yes it is. Would you like me to make a reservation for you there?
I'm not looking for a reservation at the moment. Can I just get the phone number, postcode, and address? Thanks!|Certainly. The phone number for Curry Garden is 01223302330, the postcode is cb21dp, and the address is 106 Regent Street City Centre. May I assist you with anything else today?
No, that's all I need. Thanks for your help.|Thank you for using this system!
I am looking for the chiquito restaurant bar can you help me find it?|Sure! Their address is 2G cambridge leisure park cherry hinton road, and their phone number is 01223400170
Please book a table for 6 people at 11:45 on tuesday.|I am sorry but the restaurant is fully booked. Do you want to try another restaurant?
Is there a similar restaurant in the area at that price range?|I'm sorry that's the only restaurant in that price range
I'm looking for a hotel called acorn guest house|Acorn Guest House is located in the north area of town. Would you like more information?
Yes I would like to book that for 3 nights from Saturday for 7 people.|Will you need any dinner reservations to go with that?
No thanks. I just need to book the room.|You are all set, the reference number is Y5RM8ZUC, can i assist with anything else?
Can you find me a spanish restaurant in the moderate price range?|Yes, La Tasca matches your preferences. Would you like their information?
I want to double check, is La Tasca in the centre of town?|Yes, it is in the centre. Would you like a reservation?
No thank you, I just need the post code. phone number and address please.|Their phone number is 01223353888. Their postcode is cb41da and their address is 154 chesterton road.
Thanks that's all I needed to know today.|Ok great, have a wonderful day!
Hello I am looking for a nice restaurant nearby that serve Portuguese , but I would also like the prices very affordable|Nandos is in the south area and they have wonderful Portuguese food! Would you like me to book that?
Are they a cheap restaurant? I want to save money for all the other plans we have during our trip.|yes. nandos city centre	fits your wants.
Great! Could you book a table there for 5 people on Thursday? We'd like to eat at 19:00.|Your table has been reserved for 15 minutes and your reference number is M1K2Y25N on Thursday at 19:00 for 5 people.
Thank you. I also want to go to a museum.|There are several museums available. What part of town would you prefer?
It can be in any area. Could you suggest one and give me some information about it, please?|The ruskin gallery is in the centre of town at anglia ruskin university, east road. The phone number and postcode are 01245493131 and cb11pt. Admission is free. Need anything else?
I also need a taxi between the two places.|Where would you like to depart from and what time would you like to leave and arrive by?
I need to arrive at the restaurant by the booking time.|Okay you got it. I've booked you a yellow ford. The contact number is 07887698411
Great!  That is all I needed.  Thank you.|No problem.  Enjoy your stay.
I would like a cheap restaurant in the east part of town, please.|The only cheap restaurant in the east part of tow is the Missing Sock.
Address and phone number, please|The address for the Missing Sock is Finders Corner Newmarket Road and the phone number is 01223 812660.
thank you good bye|Thank you for calling. Goodbye.
Thanks so much.  Bye bye.|Have a nice day
I'm looking for a cheap restaurant in the north part of town.|There are 2 cheap restaurants in the north part of town. Do you prefer italian or indian food?
I do not have a preference.|The two restaurants are Da Vinci Pizzeria and Royal Spice.
da vinci pizzeria serves italian food. it is in the north part of town.|do you need the address?
Of course!|It is at 20 Milton Road Chesterton. Do you need any other information.
No, thank you. That is all.|OK. Thank you and good bye.
Are there any expensive places to eat in the east?|Grafton hotel restaurant serves british food in the expensive price range in the east part of town.
I was really looking for a kosher cuisine? Is that available there? If so can you book a table for four?|There are no restaurants in the east that serve kosher food. Would you like me to search another area?
Are there any restaurants that serve Indian food?|I can book you a table for 4 at the pipasha restaurant.
I need a place to stay that has free wifi.|There are 32 options in Cambridge, what price range are you looking for?
I'm looking for something in the cheap price range, but I need it to have a 4 star rating. I don't need any parking though.|Again I have many to choose from that meet those criteria. Would you like a suggestion?
Ok, yes, if you could suggest one that comes with free parking that would be great!|I will book it for you,is there anything else I can do for you ?
I also need a Vietnamese restaurant.|My apologies it appears that I forgot to book your lodging. I recommend Alexander Bed and Breakfast, would you like me to book it for you?
Oh yes, please do. I need it for 8 people and 5 nights, beginning friday|You are booked with the reference number E9100B48. I can help you with the Vietnamese restaurant now. Do you have an area in mind?
I just want the restaurant to be in the same price range as my hotel|There is one cheap vietnamese restaurant in town. It is thanh binh. Do you want to book?
No, just provide me with the address and area for that restaurant if you could|The restaurant is located at 17 Magdalene Street City Centre in the West.  Can I help you with anything else?
Yes, will you book me a taxi to the restaurant from the hotel, please|And what time would you like that taxi?
I would like to leave the hotel by 22:15.|Your taxi service was book with a red volkswagen. The contact number is 07797935179 in case you need to contact them.
Thank you, that will be all.|You are welcome enjoy your meal. Have a good evenening
I need to book a train to cambridge on wednesday|Understood. Where do you want to depart from and by when do you want to arrive?
I'm leaving on Wednesday from Stevenage.|There are 10 results. What time would you like to leave or arrive by?
I would like to leave after 12:30 please.|train TR7411 leaves at 13:54. would that be good?
Possibly.  What is the price for that ticket?|The price of that ticket would be 12.80 pounds.  Would you like me to reserve your ticket?
could you tell me how long the train ride will be?|The travel time is 49 minutes. What else would you like to know?
That's all the information, about the train, that I need right now. Can you help me find a restaurant that serves Indian food?|Definitely! My favorite is Tandoori Palace, which is in the center and expensive. If you want something a little cheaper, I recommend Kohinoor.
Let's go for Tandoori Palace. I need a reservation for 2 people at 20:15 on Wednesday.|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : 4ZBNKZ8U.
Was it booked for 2 people?|Yes it was booked for 2 people reference number 4ZBNKZ8U.
Fantastic.  That is all.|Enjoy your visit! Let us know if we can be of any further assistance.
I am looking for a cuban restaurant in the north part of town.|I am sorry, I could not find any Cuban restaurants for you in the north part of town.  Is there a different type of food you would like me to search for instead?
I still want the north part of town, but look for Asian Oriental food instead please.|Saigon City is located in the north part of town and serves Asian Oriental food.   Would you like their address?
Yes, I would like their address and phone number, please.|The phone number for saigon city is 01223 356555 and their address is 169 High Street Chesterton Chesterton.  Would you like anything else?
No, that does it.  Thank you and goodbye!|Thank you for using this system. Goodbye.
I would like to eat at an expensive european food restaurant|There are five european restaurants, which area would you like to dine in?
The area doesn't matter. Can you make a recommendation, please?|I would recommend Eraina, it is at Free School Lane City Centre.
Great, Can you book me a table for 2 at 18:00 on Monday?|Unfortunately Eraina is not available at that time. Would you like to try the City Stop Restaurant?
Sure, that would work.|Please book another day or time slot. the place could be full
How about 17:00?|Booking was successful. Your reference number is KANPYWAC,
Thanks, that is all I need today.|The address for the restaurant is Cambridge City Football Club Milton Road Chesterton and the phone number is 01223363270.  You will fond the restaurant in the North area of town.
I'm looking for an indian restaurant that is priced moderately.|There are four restaurants that meet that criteria, one in the north, one in the west, and two in the east. Which area would you prefer?
One in the East, please.|We have Curry Prince and Rajmahal. Would you like to book a table at either one of those?
Yes I would like to book a table for 6 people at 16:15 on Thursday.|Booking was successful at Rajmahal.  your reference number is Z1827CKB.   Is there anything else I can assist with?
No, thank you.|Thank you .
I'm looking for a Chinese restaurant on the south side of town.|There are 2 expensive and 1 cheap restaurant matching your criteria. Which price range do you prefer?
Book me a table for 7 on Thursday at 17:30 and send me a reference number. Thank you.|Would you like to book cheap or expensive?
I don't care what price range it is in. I will need a reference number please for the reservation.|Let's decide on the lucky star. Unfortunately, that appears to already be booked. Do you want to try one of the others?
Yes please. Let's try the other one you mentioned.|Ok, I've booked a table for 7 at 17:30 on thursday at the good luck chinese food takeaway. Your reference number is LA1YYDOO.
Can you help me find a place to stay|No problem, there's the aylesbray lodge guest house which is also in the south area. It's moderately priced, four stars, with parking and internet. Would you like me to book this for you?
Yes I need to book it for 7 people, for 4 nights starting thursday, can I get the reference number?|Great your reference number is 4U18B867
Thank you.  I will also need a taxi so that I can commute between these two locations and I need it to arrive at 17:30.|All right, a white ford will arrive by 17:30. The contact number is 07655989652.
Thank you.  That is all I need.|Thank you for using this system!
Hi! Can I get some info on a cheap place to eat?|There are 22 different places that server cheap food. Did you have a certain type of food you were interested in?
Do any of those places serve romanian food? I'm in the mood for polenta!|Unfortunately none serve Romanian food, do you have another food preference?
Do any of those places serve vietnamese food?|I have located one restaurant serving Vietnamese food called thanh binh located on 17 Magdalene Street City Centre. Would you like to book a reservation?
What is the postcode?|The postcode is cb30af. Should I book it?
Maybe later. I need a train ticket to Peterborough on Thursday.|There are 38 trains leaving for Peterborough on Thursday. Is there a specific time you would like to arrive by?
I'd like to go from Cambridge to Peterborough and arrive by 13:15.|We have the TR8954 that arrives at 12:56. Does that work?
Yes. I just need to know the departure time, train ID, and the travel time.|departure time is 12:06, train id TR8954, and the travel time is 50 minutes.
I think that is everything, thanks for the help!|Happy to be of help. Enjoy the rest of your day!
I'm looking for a museum.|Ok, there are 23 museums in Cambridge, was there an area you had in mind, or a type of museum?
How about a science museum?|How about the whipple museum of the history of science?
That sounds cool, I will just need the area it's in and the postcode. Oh, and how much is the cost to get in?|This museum is free to enter.  It is in the centre area, postcode cb23rh. Is there any more information that you need?
Yes I am looking for an expensive Korean restaurant in the city center.|I have found one Korean restaurant that matches your criteria, the restaurant is named little seoul. Would you like me to make reservations?
Yes please. I need a table for 2 on Wednesday at 11:15.|Little Seoul does not have an empty table at 11:15. Would you like to try a different time, or a different day?
How about 10:15?|Your booking has been successful! The reference number is BV8FODGD. Can I help with anything else?
That will be all. Thank you.|You're welcome! Have a great day.
I'm looking for a restaurant called the copper kettle.|I have found The Copper Kettle lcoated at 4 Kings Parade. Would you like to make a reservation?
Yes I would like a table for 3 on tuesday at 15:15.|Booking was unsuccessful, would you like to try a different time of place?
Can you find me another place in the same area and price range?|I was able to book you at the oak bistro. Reference number K4QUY32N. Is there anything else I can help you with?
That is all thank you.|Okay enjoy your dinner.
I am looking for a restaurant in the centre in the expensive price range|There are 33 options. Do you want to specify food type?
I would love some modern european food.|darrys cookhouse and wine shop fits your needs.
Awesome! Can I make a reservation for Thursday?|We can try! How many people should I book the table for, and what time?
We'll be a party of 6 and we'd like to dine at 16:15 on Thursday, please.|Okay, Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Your Reference number is : WWQVD41C. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes I'm also looking for places to go in town.  Prefer that the attraction be a type of cinema.|The vue cinema would be a perfect choice.  the address is grafton centre, east road.  Unsure of entrance fee.  The phone number is 08712240240.
I'd like to book a taxi from the cinema to Darrys, I'd like to get to the restaurant by 16:15.|A blue audi will arrive for you. Here's their number just in case you need it. 07884218213
Thanks so much, that's all I needed today!|You're welcome, have a great day.
I want to find a museum located in the west.|how about cafe jello gallery? it's gotten great reviews.
What is the entrance fee? Can you please provide the address and postcode?|cafe jello gallery, 13 magdalene street. Postcode cb30af
I also need a dining place. International food in expensive range would work for me.|I'm sorry but it doesn't look like we have any listings for expensive international restaurants. Would you like to choose a different type of food?
are you sure?it should be in the west|I'm afraid there aren't any. Would you like to try a different price range or cuisine?
How about Indian?|There are 5 restaurants in the west that serve expensive Indian food. May I make a reservation for you?
As long as it serves indian we're good. I need the address and phone number|I recommend India House! It's located at 31 Newnham Road Newnham. Their phone number is 01223461661. Can I do anything else for you?
Can I get a taxi to take me between the two?  I need to leave the Cafe Jello attraction by 21:00.  I need the contact Number and car type?|Done! The car will be a red Tesla, and you may call 07730461220. Can I help you with anything else?
That is all of the information that I need, thank you.|Your welcome and if there is anything else please don't hesitate to give me a call back.
Hi, I'm looking for some info on cheap hotels on the West end please|We have one cheap hotel and one cheap guesthouse. Both are rated four stars.
It doesn't have to have free parking.  I guess you can find me one.|The Cambridge Belfry is in the west and has free parking. Would you like me to make a reservation for you?
That sounds goo. Please go ahead.|I'd be happy to. How many days and how any people should I make the reservation for? Also, what day?
actually, i just need the phone number and postcard for the hotel.|Here is the address and post code back lane, cambourne cb236bw.
Thank you, can you also give me info on tandoori palace, I hear that it rocks the house like mickey mouse.|Located at 68 Histon Road Chesterton, in the west, it is an expensive indian restaurant.
Very nice, can you book me for 5 people, at 19:15 on thursday?|Your reservation for 5 people at the Tandoori Palace for this thursday at 19:15 was succesful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Your Reference number is : 8UISCCP3.
I also would need a taxi to the restaurant by the booked time|You are book, look for a green 1986 yugo.  Kidding, look for a yellow tesla, they can be reached at 07867620886.  Any other questions today?
That is all of the information that I need.|Ok great, have a wonderful day!
I need a train departing Cambridge that will arrive by 17:00.|I would be happy to help you find a train leaving Cambridge. In order to better help you can you let me know where you are traveling to, and what day you are looking to leave?
I am going to Norwich and I want to leave on Thursday.|TR1584 arrives by 10:55.  That should give you plenty of time.
Okay, can you please make a booking for 8 people?|Yes I was able to make a booking and your reference number is 2IFP2I1S.
Perfect! Can you also find me a restaurant?|What type of restaurant are you looking for?
Modern Eclectic please|I'm afraid I could not find a modern eclectic restaurant. Would you be interested in a gastropub?
No, but an expensive Mediterranean place in the center of town would work.|What price range? I have a few options for you.
Something in the upper range, over 20 a place.|There are two Mediterranean choices: la mimosa or shiraz restaurant. Which one do you prefer?
I've heard great things about La Mimosa.  Can you book a table for all of us at 10:00 on the day we arrive?|Table for 8 at La Mimosa on Thursday at 10:00. The restaurant will hold your table for up to 15 minutes. Your Reference number is : F56UFR10.
Thank you for booking that for me.|Have a nice day, goodbye!
What is good in the south part of town|What type of food are you interested in?
I don't care what type of food it is.|There are nine restaurants in the south area. Is there a price range you would like in particular?
Yes, under $25.00 per entree.|Would you like the cheap, moderate, or expensive price range?
cheap, please|There are two available in the south: Nandos, which serves Portuguese, and The Lucky Star, which serves Chinese. Do you have a preference?
Hello, I am looking for a moderately priced restaurant on the north side of town.|I recommend golden wok. It is in the north part of town with a moderate price range.
Yes, I am looking for a moderately priced restaurant in the north part of town.|I recommend golden wok. It is in the north part of town with a moderate price range.
I don't want Golden Wok, is there anything else?|Yes, your other option is The Nirala. It serves Indian food and is also located in the north part of town.
Okay. What is their phone number?|The phone number is 01223 360966.
Thank you.  Goodbye.|Thank you, enjoy your meal.
I need to get some information on a restaurant named eraina|Eraina is an expensive European restaurant in the centre of the city. Would you like me to book a reservation for you?
Yes for 8 people at 12:30 on Monday please|I'm sorry, I wasn't able to get that reservation. Would you like to try somewhere else?
Is there another restaurant in the same area and price range that is available at that time?|I've booked you in at fitzbillies restaurant. It is in the same area and price range as eraina. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : OGRYGI2N.
Thank you for all the help you have been. You have a good day.|I'm glad we could help. Thank you!
I would like an expensive restaurant in the south part of town|There are five expensive restaurants in that area. Do you have a preference for price range or type of food?
Any type of food is fine|There is an expensive Mexican restraunt in the south area of town called chiquito restaurant bar. Is that fine?
Is there anything else?|frankie and bennys serves italian food and is located in the south part of town.  Would you like more information for them?
I need the address.|Their address is Cambridge Leisure Park Clifton Way Cherry Hinton.  Can I help you with anything else?
Thank you goodbye.|Thank you for choosing our system. Good bye
Good bye|Goodbye.
Hello, can you recommend local restaurants?|I have many options for restaurants in the area.  Is there a certain type of food you would like me to find information on?
No. I am interested in the Cambridge Arts Theatre. Can you provide me with the phone number and postcode?|Their phone number is 01223503333, and their postcode is CB23PJ. Can I help you with anything else?
Thanks for the theatre info. Let's go back to the restaurant search. I feel like Spanish food, in the moderate price range, please.|La Tasca sounds perfect for you. Would you like me to book it?
Yes, please book for 5 people on tuesday at 14:30. And I will absolutely need a reference number from you|You are booked with reference number NK0DZ1YI. Anything else?
I will also need to book a taxi.|Ok.  I will be happy to help you with that.  Where will the taxi pick you up?
Can the taxi pick me up from the Cambridge Arts Theatre.|Where would like the taxi to take you?
To La Tasca, by 14:30|yellow audi
Contact number	:	07845910981
Is there anything else I can assist you with?
That's all for now. Thank you for all your help.|Great, thanks for letting us help you!
is there a restaurant in the Centre?|There are several restaurants located in the centre, which kind of food do you prefer?
I would like one serving korean food, possible.|Little Seoul serves Korean food in the city's centre.  It is expensive but very classy.  Would you like to know more about it?
Can I get the address and phone number?|Little Seoul's address is 108 Regent Street City Centre. Their phone number is 01223 308681.
Thank you, goodbye.|Goodbye and have a nice day.
I'm looking for something serving christmas food.|There are no restaurants serving Christmas food.
How about a moderately priced chinese restaurant?|Yes, there is one called golden wok in the north part of town. do you want this one?
Ok, what's the phone number?|golden wok's number is 01223 350688
Is there anything else?|That's all, enjoy your meal.
Thanks!  You too!|Goodbye.
I would like to find a restaurant in the east part of town that serves gastropub food.|The Royal Standard is located at 290 Mill Road City.
What is the phone number?|you can reach them at 01223 247877 .
thank you very much, bye|you're welcome, have a good day.
I need to find a moderately priced condo style hotel in Cambridge that includes free parking.|There is the Ashley Hotel and Lovell lodge.  Both are 2 stars.  Which do you prefer?
Which one is in the centre part of town?|Both are in the North. Are you looking for something in the Centre?
Yes I need centre of town.|sorry to disappoint but we dont have any
How about a hotel then in the cheap price range?|Sorry, no results were found.
Can you try a cheap hotel?|Sorry, there were no results found.
There has got to be at least one hotel in cambridge! Try for 3 nights.|I'm sorry but there are no cheap hotels in cambridge.
No thank you that will be all|We actually do have 10 cheap places to stay in Cambridge. 9 are guesthouses and 1 is a hotel.
I need the hotel reserved for 3 people for 4 nights starting on thursday.|Out of the 10, there was one that was a hotel and not a guesthouse, the Cambridge belfry, I booked you, the reference number is DK6K73QS.  Anything else today?
No thank you that will be all|Have a good day and I hope you enjoy your stay in Cambridge!
I'm looking for place called club salsa.|That is a nightclub at 1 Station Road in the town centre.  What would you like to know?
I needed the address, so thanks for that!|You're welcome. Is there anything else I can help with today?
I'm also looking for info on a restaurant called pipasha.|Pipasha is an expensive restaurant serving Indian food in the east part of town. Do you need more information?
Could you tell me what area Pipasha is in along with the post code?|Pipasha is in the east. The full address is Newmarket Road Fen Ditton postal code cb58pa. Can I help you with anything else?
I'm gonna need a taxi to get from the club to the restaurant.  Can you schedule that for me?|What time would you like to leave the club by taxi?
I would like to leave by 21:45 please.|I have a yellow Lexus picking you up at Club Salsa at 21:45. The contact number is 07451777629. Can I help you with anything else today?
Nope. That will be all, thanks.|If you have any further questions, please let us help! Good bye.
I am looking for a restaurant that is in the expensive price range and in the south part of town.|There are results matching your query. Would you like Mexican, Italian, Chinese, or Indian?
Let's go with Italian food.|Frankie and Bennys is an expensive Italian eatery in the south part of town. Would you like any additional information about this restaurant?
address and phone number|The address is Cambridge Leisure Park Clifton Way Cherry Hinton. The phone number is 01223 412430.
Thank you, goodbye.|You're welcome, goodbye.
I am looking for a restaurant in the city center that serves modern European food.|I can recommend the Michaelhouse Cafe. Would you like me to make a reservation?
Yes, I would like to reserve a table for 5 people at 18:00 on Wednesday.|I'm sorry, but there aren't any reservations available at michaelhouse at that time.   Would you like to try a different restaurant?
Yes, please find me another restaurant in the city center in the same price range.|michaelhouse cafe is a nice place and the only option available.
I am planning a trip in Cambridge. I'm looking for a train.|sure what day are you traveling?
I plan to travel on friday.|Where are you departing from?
I am departing from Broxbourne and I would like the train to arrive by 10:00. What is the price for this?|The TR5570 train will work. Would you like me to book you passage?
No thanks. I just need the price per ticket.|It will cost you 17.90
Okay thank you, I'm also looking for an Indian restaurant in the east that is expensive.|I would suggest this one the golden curry.
Please book that one for 8 people on Friday at 17:00.|your all set! Reference # is TKNF8H2H. Anything else today?
no, that is all. Thanks, goodbye.|Have a great day.
Hi, I'm looking for a particular restaurant named Bedouin. Can you help?|Yes. Bedouin serves african food and is is located in the centre.
Can you book me a table for 3 people at 20:00 on Wednesday?|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Reference number is : N332O6JK.
Great, thank you so much. That'll be all for today. Bye!|Thank you for calling the Cambridge TownInfo centre, have a great day.
I'm looking for a place to dine in the town centre, with an expensive price range.|Alright, there are thirty-three possible restaurants for you to dine at, should I make you reservations at one of them?
Are there any with north american food?|Yes, there is the Gourmet Burger kitchen, address Regent Street City Centre, postalcode cb21ab.  Would you like me to make you a reservation?
Yes, please book a party of 4 at 11:30 Tuesday. Please include a reference number.|I've went ahead and booked that. The reference number is PDIWVU9D.
I'm also looking for a train. The train should arrive by 08:00 and should depart from peterborough.|Great, I can book that for you. What day will you be traveling?
I would like to travel on Tuesday, as well.|There are four trains that depart peterborough and arrive in cambridge by 08:00. Would you like me to book one for you?
yes, and could you provide the travel time and the train ID please?|I have booked your train ticket for the 5:19 from Peterborough to Cambridge. The train ID is TR5042 and the ride will last 50 minutes. You should arrive by 06:09
Wonderful, thanks. That is everything I needed.|We are happy to help. Thank you for using our service. Have a wonderful day!
I'm looking for a restaurant that serves spanish food|La Raza is a Spanish restaurant, it is in the cheap price range, and it is located in the centre part of town. Would you like the phone number?
What is the address?|The address for La Raza is 4 - 6 Rose Crescent.  Would you like their phone number?
no, thank you|Thank you for using our system. Good bye
I want portuguese food and I don't care about the price range. What is the address and phone number?|Nandos is a Portuguese restaurant, it is in the cheap price range, and it is on the south side of town. The address is Cambridge Leisure Park Clifton Way, and the phone number is 01223 327908.
Thank you goodbye.|Thank you for using our system. Good bye
I'm looking for a hotel that offers particular amenities, specifically free parking and free wifi|Just to clarify, does it matter if this establishment is a guesthouse or a hotel?
No, it really doesn't matter.  I need free parking and free wifi though.  I'd like a 4 star rating and it should be in the north.|There are 7 matches, do you have any other preferences?
No other preferences. Which one do you recommend?|I would recommend Home From Home, a guesthouse at 78-80 Milton Road.
That sounds lovely, can I please have the post code for that?|The postcode for Home from Home is cb41la. Is there anything else I can do for you today?
I want to eat at a moderate Chinese restaurant.|In what area?
I don't have a preference.|May I suggest Golden Wok. They are located on the north side of town at 191 Histon Road Chesterton. Would you like me to book a table?
please book a table for 1 people at 18:45 on Tuesday.|Reference number is : E0UF3S84. You are booked, it will be held for 15 minutes.
Thanks. I need a taxi to take to the restaurant in time for the reservation. Pick up place: Home from Home|You are booked for a blue lexus with the contact number of 07187698184. May I help with something else?
No, that's all I need today. Thank you. Good-bye.|You are very welcome. Thank you for using Cambridge TownInfo centre. Goodbye.
I would like a cheap restaurant in the north part of town, please.|da vinci pizzeria is an italian restaraunt in the north part of town.  Would you like their phone number or address?
Is there anything else?|City Stop Restaurant is in the north part of town, and it is in the cheap price range.
Is there anything else in the cheap price range on the north side of town?|Royal Spice is a cheap restaurant on the north side of town.  Would you like their address?
Address and phone number for Royal Spice, yes please.|The phone number for royal spice is 01733 553355 and they are located at Victoria Avenue Chesterton.  Can I help you with anything else?
No, that's everything. Thank you. Goodbye.|Thank you, goodbye.
I am looking for an expensive restaurant in the west part of town.|graffiti is an expensive place int he wet part of town.
I wasn't really planning for a swim, but I would prefer a place that serves Indian food. Are there any in the west?|I found five restaurants that meet your requests, and none of them require you to get wet.  Can I make a reservation for you at one of them?
No, but if you could pick me the best one and give me the phone number. That would be good.|I highly recommend india house. The phone number is 01223461661. Is there anything else I can help you with?
What is the address?|Here you go 31 Newnham Road Newnham
looking for places to go in town. The attraction should be in the same area as the restaurant.|We have everything from colleges to museums and entertainment. Do you have a preference?
Can you make a recommendation?|My favorite is the Cafe Jello Gallery at 13 Magdalene Street. Would you like their phone number?
Actually, I just need to know what the entrance fee is.|Best price of all, free of charge.  But the jello cups are extra, (kidding of course).  Any further questions today?
No that will be all.|Would you like me to book a reservation at the India House for you today?
I don't need you to book but I would like the postcode for india house, please.|The postcode for India House is cb39ey. Will that be all?
Yeah that will be all. Bye, thanks.|Have a nice day.
Hi there, I've just started planning my trip.  Can you help me find a restaurant?|I would be happy to assist you. Is there a price range you prefer, or a type of cuisine?
I am looking for a moderately priced chinese restaurant.|What area of town would you like to dine in?
I'm sorry, I just thought of a restaurant I had forgotten about. I would like to dine at a particular restaurant called Shiraz Restaurant.|I have no matching restaurants. Can I help you find something else?
I also need a train ticket.|I'll be happy to assist with that, but I'll need some additional information. What is your destination and departure point? Also, when will you be traveling?
I'll be heading to the airport on Friday after finishing up sightseeing here.|I actually did find Shiraz Restaurant.  Great Mediterranean place.  Can I book a table before we work on your train?
Oh perfect! Can I have a table for 8 people at 19:00 on thursday|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.Reference number is : 4JP4LX3W.
Alright, would you like to continue finding a train?|I just want to confirm. You need a train on Friday from Cambridge to Stansted Airport. What time would you like to depart? This is a 28 minute train ride.
I want one that gets there by 16:00|I've booked on TR1316 friday leaving cambridge 14:40 arriving at stansted airport at 15:08 cost is 10.10 pounds, referenece E0X8YVGZ. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Can you please confirm the travel time?|The travel time is 28 minutes.
OK, thanks for everything.|Is there anything else I can help you with today?
I don't need anything else.|Have a great trip.
Thank you for your help.|Thanks again for letting us help you! Enjoy your visit! Goodbye.
I would like to know more about a restaurant called the panahar if you could help?|Sure! The Panahar is an expensive Indian restaurant in the centre of town. Would you like the phone number or address?
No thank you, can you book a table for 3 Friday at 18:30?|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : 3DNKJLT9. Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
I am also needing a place to go for entertainment. Can you help me find a place?|Do you have an area or type of attraction in mind? Funky fun house on the east side of town is fun for kids.
That sounds perfect. May I get the address please?|Sure, the address is 8 mercers row, mercers row industrial estate post code cb58hy. Would you like a reservation?
No thank you.  That is all I need today.  Goodbye.|Happy to help. Have a great day.
Hi, can you help me with some information on places to go in town?|Sure, what type of attraction are you looking for?
I'm looking for a swimming pool in the North.|Jesus green outdoor pool is in that area.
What's the address and entrance fee for that pool?|Adress, between victoria road and the river. The entrance fee is unknown. Is there anything else?
I would like a restaurant in the same area.|Okay, what type of food would you like to eat and what is your price range?
I would like  asian oriental food in the expensive range.|I found Saigon City matching.  Would you like to book a table there?
Yes please book a table for 1 person at 14:45 on friday.|Your table at Saigon City is booked for Friday at 14:45. The reference number is 2LC9ER6D. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Yes. I will also need a taxi to take me from Jesus Green Outdoor pool to Saigon City arriving in time for the reservation.|Booking completed!
Booked car type	:	yellow volkswagen
Contact number	:	07774063266
Thanks.  That was all I needed.  Goodbye.|You are welcome!  Enjoy your visit.
I need a place to stay in Cambridge that is a 2 star hotel with or without free parking.|There are a few options. Will you be staying in the north or the east?
I don't really have a preference for location, but I want someplace with free WiFi and would like it in the expensive price range.|Express by Holiday Inn Cambridge is an expensive, 2 star hotel with free wifi and free parking. Would you like me to book a room for you?
Yes, that would be great. 2 nights for 1 person.|What day will you begin your stay?
Staying for two nights beginning on Friday.|express by holiday inn is a nice place,do you want me to book it for you
I would just like the phone number please.|The phone number is 01223866800. Can I help you with anything else today?
I also need a place to dine in the centre area. Can you recommend an expensive restaurant that serves indian food?|There are 6 expensive indian restaurants in the centre. I recommend curry garden. Would you like to book a table?
No, can you just get me the address, post code and phone number.|The address is 106 Regent Street City Centre, the post code is cb21dp and the phone number is 01223302330.
Thank you for all the information. Wonderful service. Goodbye.|You are quite welcome, have a wonderful day! goodbye!
Hi I will be in cambridge next week and I need to find a type of boat, in the north can you help me find one?|Sure, the riverboat georgina offer passenger cruisers and they are located in the north.
Sounds interesting. What is the fee? Also can I have their phone number and postcode?|I don't have the entrance fee, but the phone number is 01223902091 and the post code is cb43ax.
Thanks. I also am looking for a restaurant to dine in that serves Chinese food and would prefer close to the attraction.|I have 3 options here. Do you have a preference for the pricerange?
No, no preference. Can you tell me the names of the 3?|We have hakka, golden wok, and the hotpot. Can I book one, if so what date, time and for how many people?
That would be for one person at 19:00 on friday please.|Hi, I was able to book Your table at  Hakka. the reference number is JRF1SH26.
Great, thanks! That's all I need today. You've been a wonderful help.|You are welcome. Thanks for calling Cambridge TownInfo Centre. Have a good day.
Hi there. I am hoping you could help me find a british restaurant in town.|Sure we have quite a few. Do you have a price range or area in mind?
Yes I am looking for something moderately priced.|Okay, and do you prefer a certain area of town? There are four in the centre and one in the west.
Yes, the one in the west please.|The one in the west is Saint Johns Chop House. Its located at 21-24 Northampton Street. Can I make a reservation for you?
Yes, I would really appreciate that. Can you get me a table for 5 on Sunday at 16:45?|I'm afraid they're fully booked for 16:45 Sunday. Perhaps a different time or day?
Is there anything an hour earlier or an hour later on that same day?|No, unfortunately. Both an hour earlier and an hour later, they're booked.
Let's try a different restaurant.|What is available in the centre area at 16:45 for a party of 5?
Sure, when you find something, make the booking and give me the reference number.|I have you booked at a British place in the center of town. Restaurant One Seven, reference code 5K83E181.
Thank you, that is all I need. Bye.|Have a great day!
What is the phone number and postcode of a cheap restaurant in the east part of town?|There is The Missing Sock. They serve international food on the east side and are cheap. Their phone number is 01223 812660 and postcode is C.B 25, 9 A.Q.
Thanks so much!|Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No, thank you.|Goodbye
Hello, I am looking for a place to stay that has free parking in the South area. Can you help me with that please?|I have four options ranging in price from cheap to expensive ranging in from 3 to 4 stars.
Are any a guesthouse?|Yes I have 3 guesthouses matching your criteria. Would you like to book one of them?
No I just need you to recommend one for me.|Aylesbury odge guesthouse,I will book it for you,is there anything else I can do for you ?
I don't need you to book it, I just need the phone number and post code please.|The phone number is 01223240089, and the post code is cb17sr. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Thanks, also looking for a restaurant in the same part of town in the expensive range. Can you recommend one?|the good luck chinese food takeaway is great. Shall i book it ?
Please book the restaurant and I also need a taxi.|What time would you like to dine, and how many will be in your party?
There will be 6 of us. We'd like 12:15 on Saturday please.|Your table is booked (ref# SCHAG4OI). What time do you need that taxi?
I'd like it to arrive in time to get us there before 12:15.|Your black ford taxi has been booked and your contact number is 07103139053.
Thanks. That is all for now.|Okay.  Please call us if we can help you further.  We hope you enjoy your stay.
You can help me by finding me an expensive restaurant in the centre|I have lots of options for you. Do you have a preferred food type?
Yes, I would like indian food please.|I'd recommend golden curry. Would you like to make a reservation?
No thanks, but could i get their postcode?|Their postcode is cb21dp. Can I help you with anything else today?
Thank you! I also would like information about a train, please, leaving Cambridge after 21:00.|Certainly. Where are you headed?
I am going to Leicester.|There is a 21:21 that will arrive by 23:06.  How does that sound?
Perfect. Can you get me 4 seats on that one?|Your reservation for 4 tickets on the TR3918 train is confirmed. Your Reference number is : VRW2PWD6.
Thank you for your help!|Anything else I can help you with today?
Nothing else, thank you. Have a great day.|You're welcome, have a great day!
I am looking for places to go in Cambridge.|There are 79 places to go in my database. Can you narrow down your requirements, please? Perhaps by type or area?
I'm looking for a college. Will you please give me the entrance fee, postcode, and phone number?|The first college alphabetically is Christ's College, which is free to enter.  The postcodee is CB23BU and the phone number is 0122334900
Now I need to find a restaurant in the centre of town that is cheap.|Okay I have as many as 15 choices that satisfy those criteria. Would you like to narrow it down by food type?
The restaurant should serve Greek food.|Sorry, no results returned for Greek food
How about mediterranean?|The gardenia fits your criteria and serves Mediterranean. Would you like me to make a reservation?
No, but I would like to have the address and postcode.|The address and the postcode are: 2 Rose Crescent City Centre cb23ll
Excellent! Thank you so much for the help!|You're welcome. Do you require further assistance?
No, I have everything I need.|Alright! Enjoy your stay in Cambridge!
I'm looking for a guesthouse to stay in that is cheap.|I have 9 that meet your request. Would you like a certain area of town?
No, but I want a hotel with free parking and has a star rating of at least 4.|There are 7 now that fit your criteria. Are you looking for a certain area?
Nope, just pick your favorite. I need lodging for 5 people, 4 nights, and we'll arrive on Wednesday.|The alexander bed and breakfast includes internet and is in the centre area. Would that be okay?
Yes, I'm also looking for a restaurant tandoori palace. Can you give me the address and phone number?|The Tandoori Palace is located at 68 Histon Road Chesterton, and their phone number is 01223506055. Did you still need that hotel booking?
Yes, please. That was 4 nights at the Alexander starting Wednesday. 5 people.|I have you booked for 5 people for four nights starting on wednesday and your reference number is OO0ATNMC.
could I have the address|Absolutely!  The address is 56 saint barnabas road.
Okay great, that is all I needed. Have a good day!|You too! Goodbye.
I need your help in finding a particular restaurant. I don't know much about the restaurant, unfortunately I don't even know the food served. I do know the name: caffe uno.|Caffe Uno is an Italian restaurant at 32 Bridge Street.
That's it. I want to book a table for 4 people at 17:30 on Saturday.|I'm sorry, it doesn't look like they have anything available. Would you like to try somewhere else?
Yes. Try the same area and price range.|How about asian cuisine?  It is an expensive restaurant located at 52 Mill Road in Centre.
I need to take a train to Cambridge after 09:30.|sure, what station are you leaving from?
I will be leaving from Ely.|Okay and what day would you like to travel?
I need to depart broxbourne and travel on monday please.|train TR2987 meets all your needs. Shall i book it for you ?
Yes, please for 8 people.|Great! Your train will leave Ely on Monday at 11:35 and arrive at 11:52. It has been booked for all 8 for a total fee of 35.2GBP, which is payable at the station. Your reference number, if needed, is PD2F8YMF.
I'm also looking for a recommendation on Mexican restaurants in the south.|I would recommend the Chiquito Restaurant Bar. Would you like to make a booking?
Not right now, but could I have the postcode?|The postcode is cb17dy. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No thank you.|Thank you for using our service!
I am looking for a restaurant that serves british food in the west area.  Can you locate one for me please?|There are 3 results for restaurants in the west that serve British food.  Do you prefer moderately priced, or expensive?
I would like to get information about moderately priced.|I have st johns chop house within the moderate price range. Can I book it for you?
Can you check to see if booking is available for 5 people at 19:30 on Sunday?|Sorry, but there is not space for 5 people. Can I search a restaurant in the north?
I need something else in the West, moderate priced.|Okay I booked you into an Indian restaurant that is moderately priced called Prezzo and your reference number is  TMT76MHK.
Thank you! That's all I need from you today.|Okay. Do not hesitate to call us again if you need anything else.
Can you help me find a cheap african restaurant in the centre?|We don't have any cheap African restaurants in the centre of town. Would you like to search for something different?
Yes can you check for italian please?|There are 3; I'd recommend Ask. They have great food and pretty great service, too. Would you like to reserve a table?
Sorry, I'm actually looking for moroccan food.|I apologize, we don't have any Moroccan cuisine available in the city.  Is there another type of cuisine you might like to try?
How about Portuguese?|nandos city centre is a wonderful Portuguese restaurant. Would you like me to book a table for you?
Yes can you book a table for four please at 17:00?|I just did reserve for 4 at 17:00 a the nandos city centre. Would you like help with an anything else?
What is the reference number for that reservation?|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Reference number is : WS5P73O7.
I apologize, I need an earlier reservation now for 7 people at 15:45 on Friday. Can you reschedule?|NO worries, I have updated the reserved time, the reference number is 69XP42LR.  Any further questions?
I could use a recommendation on a nightclub in the centre of town.|What side of town would you like to be on?
I'd like to stay around the restaurant.|What price point is good for you?
Cheap price please.|What area of town would you like your hotel?
I don't need a hotel.  I'd just like a recommendation for a nightclub near the restaurant.|The soul tree nightclub is pretty fun. They're at 1-6 corn exchange street.
Do you know what the entrance fee is?|The entrance fee is 4 pounds.
Great that is everything, I apologize for being so high maintenance, thanks for the help.|Have a nice day.
I would like to blow my budget at an expensive restaurant in the centre area.|Sounds like you are celebrating.  What type of food do you want to have?
I'd love to have some Persian food.|Unfortunately, there aren't any expensive Persian restaurants in the center of town. Are you interested in a different type of expensive food?
how about one that serves european food?|I could recommend Eraina. It is expensive and serves European food in the center.
Sounds perfect. Can you book me a table for 2 at 17:45 on wednesday?|I have booked a table for two at Eraina. Your reservation is at 17:45 on Wednesday, and your reference number is QEYTLGLK. Can I help you with anything else?
Is there park in the same area as the restaurant? If so can you tell me what the entrance fee is?|The Cambridge University Botanic Gardens is in the centre of town. Entrance fee is 4 pounds. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Could I get a taxi please from that park to take me to the restaurant in time for my reservation? And give me contact number and car type too please|Yes, a white bmw is booked. The contact number is 07805333203. Will that be all for you?
Yes, that's it! Thanks so much, bye!|You're welcome and enjoy your stay.
Hi, do you have any trains headed to Leicester from cambridge?|We do.  What day will you be travelling?
I'll be leaving on Tuesday after 13:30.|Sure thing.  I have TR1997 leaving Leicester on Tuesday at 14:21.  Should arrive by 16:06.  Would that work for you?  Otherwise, I have later options.
That would work for me, I need 5 tickets please.|Your reservation of 5 tickets on the TR1997 train was successful. Your Reference number is : 8PT9BIRG.
Thank you! I'm also looking for a great place to eat in the centre.|We have many restaurant options in the centre area. Is there a particular type of food you would like?
I would like a gastropub in the expensive price range.|would recommend the slug and lettuce, they are a very good gastropub, would you like me to book you?
Yes, please. I'd like to book for the same group of people on the same day at 10:30, if possible.|Okay I was able to do that for you and your reference number is M0YQSBT7.
Wonderful, that's everything I needed. Thanks so much.|My pleasure. We're here any time you need us. Thank you for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Have a great day.
I am planning a trip in Cambridge  looking for a restaurant.|I can help with that.  What type of cuisine are you interested in?
I am interested in Indian food in an expensive price range.|Curry garden has some expensive Indian food if you would like that.
Sounds great!  Can I get a table for 4 on Saturday?|Sure. What time would you like to dine?
We would like to dine at 14:00|Great I was able to do it, reference number is W7WSG821.
i also want a train on sunday and should go to peterborough|Is there a certain time you would like to leave after or arrive by?
I'd like to leave after 11:15, please.|TR9376 leaves at 11:34, arriving 12:24. The fare is 13.20 pounds. WOuld you like me to book the ticket?
No thank you. I just need the travel time please.|It is a 50 minute journey filled with adventure and awe.   Can I assist with anything else?
That is all I needed.  Thanks!|Your welcome. Have a nice day and don't hesitate to call back.
I need to find a restaurant called taj tandoori|Nice place.  It is located at 64 Cherry Hinton Road, Cherry Hinton.  Can I book a table for you?
Yes. I need a place for 3 on Wednesday at 17:15.|Great! That booking was successful and your reservation number is K1T4IC74.
I also need a hotel in moderate price range and star rating of 0.|Cityroomz matches those requirements. Would you like the phone number, or a reservation?
Does it have free parking?|I'm afraid it does not offer free parking. Would you like to book a room?
Is there anywhere else which would offer free parking?|Not with those criteria. We could start a new search if you like.
how about a cheap hotel with free parking?|I have two guesthouse available. They both offer free parking and are 0 stars. One is in the north and one in the centre? Do you want a specific area?
The area doesn't matter. Can you pick one and book a room for 3 people for 5 nights on Wednesday.|I was able to book you at el shaddai. Your Reference number is : 4WHOTORJ.
Can I get a taxi from the hotel to the restaurant, I would like to arrive shortly before the booking time.|I have booked your taxi. Your car is a blue volkswagen, they can be reached at at 07653689405 if you have any questions. Can I assist you with anything else?
No, I am all set for today.  You have been very helpful.  Thanks.  Bye.|Thank you for using our service. Good-bye!
Are there any pricey russian restaurants in cambridge?|My system is not pulling up any expensive russian restaurants.  Would you like to try another cuisine or price range?
Yes I would like moderately priced European please.|How about Galleria at 33 Bridge Street?
No you know what. how about Indian food instead?|Yes what area would you like it to be in?
actually, i want indian food not european food.|In what area would you like the Indian food to be in?
I would like the Indian restaurant to be in the west.|I have the megha located at 205 Victoria Road Chesterton. Would you like reservations?
Yes can you please book a reservation for 3 people at 12:45 on Thursday?|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Reference number is : 3OO6S8AZ. Can I help you with anything else?
I also need train tickets for my group. I need it to leave by 8:30 from norwich to cambridge. same day please.|Alright I found you the TR3948 that leaves at 07:16. Would you like me to book it for you?
Yes please. I'll need 3 tickets.|You are booked on TR2398. The total fee is 52.8 GBP. Your reference number is 7JQYREMA. Departs at 09:16 and arrives at 10:35. May I help with anything else?
That's all, thanks a lot man!   You were awesome!|You're welcome. May I assist you in any other way today?
No thank you, that was everything!|The Meghna is located at 205 Victoria Road in Chesterton. Would you like a reservation?
I'm sorry I don't know what you're talking about. I have gotten everything I need.|I am glad to have been assistance.
Hi there! I'm looking for a moderate place to stay that has four stars. Can you help me?|I'm sorry I don't find any four star hotels.
Can you check if there are any in the east?|Unfortunately there are no 4 star hotels in the east. Would you like to try a different area?
no I waill call back thank you and goodbye|It was a pleasure to assist you. Have a good day.
Could you try a moderate price place,4 stars in the east. A guesthouse is fine also.|I have three options. Would you perhaps like to book at the Carolina?
Sure, that sounds great. Can you book me a room for Thursday for 4 people, 2 nights please?|Everything is all set, your reference number is P7XQVC1N if you have any further questions. Is that all?
I'm also looking for a place my friend recommended to eat. The Peking restaurant? Can you find it for me?|Sure!  It is in the south area and the address is 10 Homerton Street City Centre.
i am also looking for a restaurant called peking restaurant where is it found? and what is their food type?|peking restaurant is a chinese restaurant in 10 Homerton Street City Centre.
What area is the restaurant in?|It is located in the south.
Thank you!  That will be all.  Goodbye!|No, thank you for visiting the city of Cambridge!
Find me a place to stay that has free parking, but I don't need internet.|Sure, what part of town do you prefer?
I would prefer to be in the Centre.|We have 2 cheap guesthouses and 2 expensive hotels, all in the centre of town but with different star ratings. Do you have any preferences?
Do you have one in a 4 star rating that has free wifi?|Yes, the University Arms Hotel is available and is located on Regent Street. Would you like me to book a reservation?
I really need a hotel in the east. Can you take a look at those for me?|There are 5 options in the east that meet your criteria. All are guest houses. Do you have a price range in mind?
no, should have four stars though.|I'm sorry, did you say you don't need Internet?  Because I'm not finding anything that meets your criteria in the east part of town.
I do need internet.|Would you like to try another part of town as the east was a no go?
yes, I suppose.|I checked all the different areas and there's still no matches.
No thank you that will be all|Ok great, have a wonderful day!
I would like a cheap restaurant in the east!|As far as cheaper restaurants, I only have one available that's located in the east. It's called the Missing Sock and serves international food. Would you like more information?
That sounds good. Please give me more information.|Sure the missing sock is in the east, serves cheap food. Would you like to book a table?
No but I would like the address and post code please.|The Missing Sock is at Finders Corner Newmarket Road. Postcode cb259aq.
Thank you very much.|Is there anything else I can do for you?
No that's all I needed. Thank you!|You're welcome! Have a great day! Goodbye.
I need a centre attraction.|I have many attractions in the centre.  Do you have a particular type in mind?
What types of attractions are there and what are the entrance fees?|There are over 40 attractions in the centre, in every type of venue. Let's narrow it down a bit and I'd be happy to provide further details. Museum? Architecture? Boats? Colleges?
Boats sounds interesting!|Scudamores punting company and the cambridge punter both offer boating in the centre. Would you like their addresses?
No, but could you tell me what their entrance fees are?|I do not have any information on what their fee is, you may want to call them.  They are reachable at 01223359750
I'm also looking for a restaurant in the expensive price range and in the same area.|We have quite a few options, is there any cuisine in particular that you would like?
Yes, are there options for mexican?|I am not seeing any Mexican restaurants in the expensive price range in that area.  Would you like me to try another search for you?
Can you see if maybe there is a French restaurant with the same criteria?|Cote is an expensive french dining experience. Would you like to book a table?
Yes, give me a table for 6 people at 18:00 Sunday.|The booking was unsuccessful, do you have a different day or time?
Lets try 5pm|Booking was successful. The reference number is : NYEUMZ53.
Can you book me a taxi from Scudamore's punting company to the restaurant?|Please give me information about when you want to leave and arrive.
Yes, I would like to arrive at the restaurant by the booking time at 17:00|Booking was completed! the car is a black skoda
	
Contact number	:	07731972489
Looking for a restaurant on the South part of town?|What type of food would you like?
I do not have a preference.|Do you have any preference on the cost?
I would like something in the cheap price range, please.|There is a very popular Chinese restaurant in the south part of town called The Lucky Star, it is in the cheap price range.
Can I have the address and phone number please?|Their number is 01223 244277 and they are located at Cambridge Leisure Park Clifton Way Cherry Hinton. Can I be of any further assistance?
Thank you goodbye.|Thank you for using the Cambridge restaurant system. Goodbye.
looking for a restaurant in the moderate price range|Do you have a preference on area?
It should be in the west part of town.|Do you have a preference on food type? There are three restaurants with the following food types: indian, italian, and british.
British sounds good.  What's it called?|Saint johns chop house serves british food in the west part of town and is in the moderate price range.  Would you like their location?
Yes, I would like the address and phone number.|saint johns chop house phone number is 01223 353110 and is located at 21 - 24 Northampton Street
Perfect. Thank you very much.|Thank you for using our system. Good bye.
I am looking for a place to dine that serves chinese food and located in the centre.|I have 5 that serve chinese food. How about charlie chan? It's priced pretty cheap.
Yes, that sounds good. Could you book it for me on saturday at  18:00.|How many people are you booking for?
There are six of us.|I'm so sorry, that booking was unsuccessful. Would you like to try another restaurant, instead?
Yes another Chinese restaurant for six people.|I was able to get you a table for six at Rice House. The reference number is WY1LH16E. Can I help you with anything else?
No thank you|Ok, I hope you enjoy your meal.  Have a nice day.  Bye.
I haven't had German food in ages so please find me a place in the centre that serves it|I'm sorry, there aren't any German restaurants in the centre, would you like me to expand the search to other parts of town?
Sure, but please make sure there aren't any in the centre again too.|There aren't any options for German food for any area, I'm afraid. Would you like to try a different type of food?
is there one that serves italian food?|Yes, there is. What's your price range?
Expensive price range and I need a table for 7 at 13:00 on Thursday and the reference number.|your all set reference # is 79REVFJ1. anything else today?
Yes I'm looking for a train to Cambridge that same day.|Ok great. Where will you be departing from?
I will be leaving from kings Lynn.|and what time do you need to leave?
I just need to arrive by 10:30.|There are 5 trains that will get to Cambridge by 10:30. The earliest departs Kings Lynn at 05:11. The latest one leaves at 09:11.
The 9:11 one is cool. I need to book for 7 people. Can I make sure to get the reference number?|Booking was successful, the total fee is 68.6 GBP payable at the station .
Reference number is : H6VTWBV8.  What else can I do for you today?
Thank you, thats all i needed.|thanks for inquiring with us.
you're welcome, goodbye!|Goodbye and have a great day.
Need a place to stay on the west side, and I need it cheap.|The finches bed and breakfast is located in the west and in the cheap price range
Ok, that will work! Thanks.|Would you like me to book it for you?
Does it have free parking?|Yes, it does offer parking. Would you like me to book that for you?
That sounds great. Yes please!|What day will you be checking in? I also need the number of days you will be staying and the number of people.
I'll be checking in on Saturday, and it will be for 4 people for 4 nights.|I am sorry but the finches bed and breakfast is heavily booked. Do you want to book starting another day or for a shorter number of days?
Can we get in for three nights?|Yes I can you in for 3 nights. Is there anything else I can do for you?
No that will be all thank you|Have a great day!
I need an indian restaurant in the centre.|Curry garden has good reviews and serves Indian food in the centre of town.
I would like it to be in the expensive range of food, is that place expensive?|Yes, it's expensive. Would that work for you?
Could you give me the phone number and postcode?|Their phone number is 01223302330 and their postcode is 	cb21dp.
Great. Thank you! That is all I need.|Glad to be of assistance.  Have a great day.  Bye.
Can you tell me if the restaurant Eraina is in Cambridge? Thank you.|Yes, it is in Cambridge.
Excellent. Where is it?|The Address is Free School Lane City Centre, postal code cb23rh
Great! Any chance I could get a table for 7 there at 14:30 on Wednesday? I'll need the reference number once you make the reservation.|The booking was successful. Your table will be held for 15 minutes at 14:30 on Wednesday, and your reference number is K32GULPV.
Okay great. I am also looking for a train leaving anytime after 17:15 going to Bishops Stortford on Thursday, can you book that for me please?|There are four trains that meet those criteria. The earliest leaves at 17:29 and arrives at 18:07. Trains are every 2 hours after that.
I'll go with the 17:29. What is the train ID and price?|The train ID is TR6673 and the price is 10.10 pounds per ticket
Thank you. I'll take it.|How many tickets would you like me to book?
Actually I don't need any tickets today. I'm all set here. Thank you for your help.|Have a great day.
I am looking for a restaurant that serves Irish food and is in the expensive price range.|There is not a restaurant serving Irish food in the expensive price range.  Would you like another restaurant?
Is there an expensive korean restaurant?|Yes, Little Seoul is a Korean restaurant in the expensive price range.
Great! Can you give me the address and area of Little Seoul?|Little seoul is located at 108 Regent Street City Centre.  May I help you with anything else today?
no thank you good bye|Thank you. Good bye
I would like to find some entertainment in the centre of the city.|I don't have anything that meets those criteria. Can I check something else for you?
How about some architecture to visit in the center?|I am showing 5 architecture in the centre. I could recommend all saints church.
Ok, what's the phone number?|They are reachable at 01223452587, anything else that I can assist with?
Yes, please find a restaurant in the moderate price range and same area as the attraction.|I am showing 21 restaurants in that area and price. Is there a certain cuisine you would enjoy?
How about portuguese food?|Unfortunately, there are no portuguese restaurants that meet your requirements. Can I look for something else for you?
How about international food?|I am showing two international restaurants near the centre. The Varsity Restaurant and Bloomsbury Restaurant. Would you like more information on either one?
Please book the Varsity for 5 people on tuesday at 17:00.|Sure, your booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes, reference number E8SV1E0D. May I assist you with anything else?
That is all thanks.|You're welcome. Have a nice day.
Hi, I'm looking for a train for my upcoming trip to Cambridge.  Can you help me find one?|I am happy to help, where are you coming from and on what day?
I am departing from Bishops Stortfod on Friday. I can leave after 9:45|There is an 11:29 that will arrive by 12:07 for 10.10 pounds.  Does that sound good?
I need the train ID|The Train ID is TR6834.
Thank you  I was also hoping to find a british place to eat in the centre.|I have about 7 different places that serve british food. I have mostly expensive and moderately priced places. Do you have a preference?
Lets do a moderate one. Which would you recommend?|I would recommend the the oak bistro, which is located at 6 Lensfield Road. Would you be interested in making a reservation?
Yes, please. I need the reservation to be for 5 people at 21:00 on Friday.|Can you book it for me and get a reference number ?
What restaurants are on the east part of town?|There are several restaurants in the east part of town.  Would you like something in the moderate, cheap or expensive price range?
expensive|Grafton Hotel Restaurant serves British food, it is on the east side of town, and it is in the expensive price range. Would you like the phone number?
What is the address?|Grafton Hotel 619 Newmarket Road Fen Ditton
Great, thanks for your help. That's all I need.|Goodbye.
I'm looking for someplace to go in town.|I'd be happy to help you find something.  Are you looking for something in town centre? There are cinemas, colleges, concert halls just to name a few.
I'd love to try a local restaurant|We have many restaurants in town. What type of cuisine are you looking for, and what's your budget like?
First, I need an attraction in the east. Can you choose one and get me the entrance fee, postcode, and attraction type? Then I'd like an expensive restaurant in the east.|I'm sorry, that's a lot of information for just one response. There are 10 attractions in the east - do you care what sort?
Just do what I say! I don't care what you choose! Give me the necessary information too. Then, get me a restaurant in the east that's expensive north indian food|Try the Cambridge Museum of Technology which is a museum. The entrance fee is 5 pounds and postcode is cb58ld. There are no expensive North Indian restaurants in the east.
How about expensive restaurants that serve Indian food in the same area?|For expensive restaurants with Indian food, we have Pipasha, and the Sitar Tandoori.
I want the Pipasha for 1 at 16:30 on Saturday.|I apologize but I was not able to book for that time. Would you like me to try another time slot?
Yes try 15:30 on saturday and need a reference number thank you.|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : MKRUJ1BR. Is there anything else I can do for you?
Great! That is everything I needed. Thank you!|We are happy to help. Thank you for using our service. Have a great day!
I want some welsh food. Moderately priced please.|I'm sorry I do not find any restaurants meeting those requirements
I'd like a Chinese restaurant instead then.|There are several chinese restaurants in the moderate price range. Would you prefer the north or centre of town?
I don't care.|Golden Wok is located in the north part of town. Would you like their address and phone number?
I would like their phone number, please.|golden wok's phone number is 01223 350688
Is there any thing else i can help you with?|I appreciate the offer, but it is my job to help you.  Is there anything else?
Thank you, goodbye.|You're welcome and good bye.
I am interested in finding local Indian restaurants to visit during my trip to Cambridge.|Do you have a price range in mind?
Moderate price range, please.|I have four indian restaurants. Do you have a area of town in mind?
I also need a place to stay and should be a guesthouse|There are 24 guesthouses to stay at around town. What area of town and price range are you looking for?
I am looking for a hotel in the east.|There a 6 guesthouses in the east. Half of them are in the cheap range, and the other half moderate. What is your preference?
The price doesn't matter. But I need a reservation starting on Friday.|Okay, I recommend Autumn House. For the reservation on Friday, how many people will be staying and for how many days will you be staying?
5 people and 4 nights.|Booking your reservation was successful and your reference number is 47TOYZUY. Have you decided in which part of town you want me to find an Indian restaurant?
Anywhere is fine, it just needs to be moderately priced.|I have 4 at that price. 2 in east, 1 each in north and west. Any preferences?
No, any is fine really.|Okay. Then I recommend curry prince in the east. Would you like a reservation there?
Not yet.  What part of town is it in?|It is in the East section of town.
Can you make a reservation for me, please?|Sure! How many people, what time, and what day?
It will be dinner for 5 people.|Of course! What time would you like to dine?
No actually I don;t need a reservation. I just need to find a hotel that is a guesthouse with free parking, and in the east and moderately priced.|you have a booking already for the Autumn House are you wishing to book another guesthouse?
No, I only need one.|Do you need to cancel the booking?
I only need one booking.|then Booking was successful.Reference number is : 47TOYZUY.
thanks for your help. have a great day|Have a nice day.
I'm looking for an expensive place to eat that serves British food, are there any in town?|There are 6 restaurants that meet that criteria. Do you have a preferred area?
No, but I need to book a table for 4 people at 14:30 on monday.|I have confirmed your reservation at the cambridge chop house for Monday at 14:30.  Your reference number is VA1DPB9K. Do you need any further assistance?
Where are some places to go on the east side of town?|We have 10 listings for the east area. What type of attraction are you interested in?
Actually, I would like you to make a recommendation for me.|I've heard the Camboats are fun, as well as the Funky Fun House.  Do either of those interest you?
What's the attraction type? I need a taxi to commute to the restaurant by my reserved time from the attraction, and will need the contact number and car type.|The Camboats are boats, while the Funky Fun House is entertainment.
Okay, I think I'd like to do the Caamboats.|Alright, I have a taxi booked to take you from Camboats to the Chop House. It will be a grey BMW, the contact number is 07699651220.
Okay, I think that's all I need. Thanks for the help!|You're welcome. Enjoy your stay!
I would like a 3-star hotel with free WiFi, please.|Yes, there are 5 different options to choose from. What area will you be staying in?
I don't have a particular area in mind but I do also need free parking please.|How about the hamilton lodge.  It is in the north of town and meets your requirements including parking.
that sounds nice but will you book it for 7 people and 4 nights starting from wednesday|Your booking was successful, the reference number is CUY4J5PR. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Yes, I'm also looking for a cheap Chinese food restaurant. Can you recommend one?|Sure, there are 4 options. I recommend charlie chan. would you like a booking?
I should have mentioned I am looking for a restaurant in the centre. Sorry about that.|Okay, the three results are the same. I still recommend charlie chan. Do you need more help today?
Yes, please book that restaurant for me. It'll be 7 people on wednesday at 14:45. I'll definitely need a reference number.|I'm sorry, I am unable to book it for that time. Do you have another time that will work?
Thanks for trying. Let's do Thursday, please.|Booking is all set your ref number is 05MF6IQL
That's all I needed today. Thanks for your help. Goodbye!|Thank you enjoy the rest of your day!
I am looking for a cheap restaurant in the west part of town. Could I get the address and phone number please?|La Margherita is an Italian restaurant in the west part of town that is cheap. Would you like their address and phone number?
Yes, please.|Thank you.
I am looking for attractions of multiple sports located in the east. What is available?|I do have one. It is the Cherry Hinton Village Centre in the east. It is located on Colville Road, Cherry Hinton. Would you like any other info for them?
No, that sounds like just what I need.  Thanks for your help and have a great day.  Bye.|Thank you as well. I hope you enjoy your visit and have a wonderful day.
Thank you, one last thing we need a place to dine at in same area as multiple sports that would be in moderate price range.|I have three options. Two Indian places and one Italian. Curry or pasta?
I wanted traditional food.  If that's not available I'll try Italian.|Pizza hut fen ditton is a great italian restaurant in the area. Would you like a reservation?
I'm sorry, I said Italian but I really wanted indian food.|There are 2 option to choose from: curry prince and rajmahal. Which would you like to try?
I would like curry prince. It sounds interesting.|Sure.  Can I make a reservation for you?
No reservation thanks, my plans are still in the works. Could I have the postcode and address though?|Sure! The post code is cb58jj and the phone number is 01223566388.
Thank you, that's everything I need for now.|Sounds good. Enjoy your visit, and thanks for using Cambridge TownInfo centre!
I need help finding a hotel called lovell lodge.|Sure, it is a moderate hotel located in the north part of town, 3654 Milton Road.  Can I reserve a room for you?
Yes please. The reservation is for 1 person. The reservation should be for 2 nights beginning on Wednesday.|I'm sorry, they were unable to accommodate that request. Would you like to try a different day or shorter stay?
How about for only 1 night?|I have put in your booking for 1 night. The reference number is F9KP6O9O.
Great I also need a place to eat in the centre of town in the moderate price range please.|I have 21 possibilities. Is there a particular kind of restaurant you would like?
Yes, I'd love to eat somewhere that serves British food so I can get the full experience, you know?|I have 4 different choices that serve British food. All are moderately priced. If you don't mind, I would like to recommend the Oak Bistro. They are excellent.
That sounds fine. Please book that one.|How many will be dining and what day and time would you like the reservation for?
Actually, come to think of it I will book it later. Can I please get the address, postcode and phone number please?|Of course. The Oak Bistro is at 6 Lensfield Road, postcode cb21eg. Their phone number is 01223323361. Can I help you with anything else?
That is all for now.  thanks|Thank you. Good day.
I would like an expensive restaurant in the east part of town|Royal Standard is a gastropub located in the east part of town and is in the expensive price range.
What is the address?|The Royal Standard is locdated at 290 Mill Road City Centre. How else may I assist you?
Thank you goodbye.|Thank you and have a wonderful day!
I'd like to find a restaurant. The restaurant should be expensive in price, only the finest in food. Also, I'd like it if the restaurant was in the centre of town.|I have many listings that fit,can I find out exactly what type of food you are looking for?
I need for the restaurant to serve Chinese food.|How about the Tang Chinese?  I would recommend it.  Can I make a reservation for you?
That sounds great! I need a table for Monday at 12:15 for 8 people.|So it is not avaible then, shall I try another place to dine?
Yes, please do! A different restaurant in the same area and price range.|Booked at hk fusion. Reference number: O00TTIOS. Table will be held for 15 minutes.
Thank you and goodbye.|Thank you for calling. Have a great day!
I'm looking for a hotel called home from home.|Home from Home is located in the North area and is moderately priced. Would you like more information?
No, I'd like a room for 8 people. We'll be checking in on thursday for 4 nights.|I was able to book you for 4 nights starting on Thursday for 8 people.  The confirmation number is UOF6DHN8.  Is there anything else?
Yes, I also need an expensive restaurant located in the centre.|Sure thing, what kind of cuisine are you looking for?
I'm looking for French food.|I would recommend Cote.  It is expensive but good.  Can I reserve a table for you?
Yes, please make 8 reservations for Friday night at 19:00.|That is booked! Your reference number is HQOSMVL8. Can I help with anything else?
I also need a taxi.|Where would you like the taxi to pick you up from?
I need to make sure it arrives at the restaurant by the booked time.|You will be going to Cote by 19:00, will you be departing from your hotel?
We will be leaving from there.|What day and time do you need the taxi?
i want it to arrive at the restaurant by the booked time.|Booking completed! The taxi will be a red honda  and their Contact number	is 07854504953. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
That'll be it for me today! Thanks! Have a good one.|You too, enjoy your stay!
Are there any entertainment attractions in the south?|There are two that fit your request. One is Nusha on Clifton Road and the other is Tenpin on Clifton Way. Do you need more information?
Can I have the address, phone number, and entrance fee of Nusha.|The address of Nusha is unit g6, Cambridge leisure park, Clifton road and their telephone number is 01223902158, but unfortunately, I do not have information on their entrance fee.
I can call for that. But thanks anyway. I am also looking for a cheap place to eat.|There are 15 that I have found! What type of cuisine would you like?
I would like a chinese restaurant, please.|There is one cheap Chinese restaurant in the area called The Lucky Star. Would you like me to book a reservation for it?
Is it in the same area as Nusha?|Yes it is in the same area.
Could you book me a table on Thirsday. 2 people at 14:00|I will go ahead and book that now.
Thank you. Can I please have the reference number?|Your table is reserved, ref#39W1D7PP. Can I help you with anything else today?
i also want a taxi to commute between the 2 places|I've booked you a taxi from nusha to the lucky star, arriving at 14:00. The car will be a white bmw. Contact number	:	07301865482
Thanks so much, that is all I need.|Okay, great. Have a nice day.
Thank you, you too.|Thank you, goodbye.
I would like a moderately priced restaurant in the south part of town|Restaurant Alimentum serves modern European food and is located in the south part of town and is in the moderate price range.
Can you give me their address and phone number?|The phone number for Restaurant Alimentum is 01223 413000 and the address is 152 - 154 Hills Road.  Anything else I can help you find today?
Thank you goodbye.|Thank you and have a great day!
Could you help me find a restaurant in the Cambridge area called La Margherita?|Yes, I can help with that, La Margherita is in the west of Cambridge, located at 15 Magdalene Street City Centre, would you like me to make a reservation for you?
Yes, can you make a reservation on thursday at 19:30 for 4 people?|I'm sorry that time and and day is not available at La Margherita, would you like to try an alternative day or time?
How about 18:30 then?|Your table has been booked for 18:30 and your reference number is: 5KN7WD73. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I also need a very expensive hotel with 3 stars can you help me find one?|There is 1 in the center and 1 in the south. Which do you prefer?
I would prefer one with free wifi included. Do either of the hotels offer free wifi?|The Gonville hotel is an expensive 3 star hotel and offers internet.
Could you please give me the hotel phone number? I also need to know what type of hotel it is and the area it is in.|Of course, the Gonville Hotel is a hotel in the centre area and the phone number is 01223366611, would you like any more information or to book a room?
Does the hotel have a restaurant attached to it?|I do not have that information available. Would you like me to call them and ask?
No thank you.|Is there anything else I can do for you?
is there any restaurant close to the Gonville Hotel?|The Gonville is in the Centre and La Margherita is in the west. Are you wanting to dine somewhere else?
what kind of hotel is it? Can I have their number?|The Gonville is a standard hotel. Their contact number is 01223366611.
That's all I need for now.|OK, great, I'm glad I was able to help you out!
Hi.  I am hoping you can help me find a cheap Indian restaurant.|Sure I have 4 cheap Indian restaurants. kohinoor, royal spice, the gandhi and mahal of cambridge. Would you like to book one of these?
The mahal sounds expensive and the gandhi probably has only small portions. Let's book a table for two at the royal spice.|Of course.  When would you like to dine?
Actually, I don't need a reservation right now, but could you give me the address and phone number for the Royal Spice?|The Royal Spice is at Victoria Avenue Chesterton, their phone number is 01733553355. Can I help you with anything else?
That's all, thank you for your help|Your, welcome! Have a great day!
Thanks again. Goodbye.|You're welcome! Have a great day! Goodbye.
I am going to Cambridge and want a nice resturant in the west|There are 14 nice restaurants to chose from do you have a price range you prefer?
Can you just pick one and give me the phone number?|Of course! Saint johns chop house is a great place to go. Their phone number is 01223353110. Can I help with anything else?
find me a  place to go in the west and give me their phone numbers|clare hall is a great college and admission is free. The phone number is 01223332360.
Great, I'll need to find another restaurant also, in the same area of town as Clare Hall.|There are a few restaurants in the west part of town ranging from cheap to expensive. Do you have a particular cuisine in mind?
I like British pub cuisine.|I recommend Graffiti, it's a british restaurant in the west.  It is an expensive restaurant, but it's so worth it.  Would you like a reservation?
Sounds great. I need it for monday at 14:15. There will be 3 in our party.|I was able to book your party of 3 for Graffiti this Monday at 14:15. Your reference number is B0T1ZF2W.
That is all I need today thank you.|You're very welcome. Enjoy your time in Cambridge!
Are there any expensive places to eat in the centre?|There are more than one hundred entries that match your requirements. What type of food do you prefer?
I prefer French Cuisine, can you find somewhere that will take reservations for 3 people at 12:30 on wednesday?|The only French restaurant that fits your criteria is called Cote. They do not have any availability for Wednesday at 12:30.
Can you try for 11:30 and give me a reference number please.|That was a success. Your reference number is 2GY5ULLL.
Thanks I also need to find a hotel with a 5 star rating.|Unfortunately, I do not show any 5 star hotels.  Would you like to try a different rating?
Are you sure? I would prefer a 5 star hotel with free wifi.|I'm positive. There are however three hotels that have four stars that have free wifi, if you would like to view those options.
A 4 star rating is fine, what do you have for that?|I have two in the west area and one in the centre area. Do you have a preference?
The one in the centre area is fine. Can you please book it for 3 people, starting on Wednesday for 4 nights and can I please have the reference number?|The booking for the University Arms Hotel was successful, and your reference number is 414HUS87.
Wonderful! That's all I need. Thank you very much for your help!|My pleasure. Have a great day!
I am looking for a place to dine in the moderate price range that serves indian food.|I have 4 places that meet that criteria. Do you have a preference in the area.
I don't really have a preference in the area.|I would suggest meghna then would you like the address?
No address but would like to make a booking for 8 people at 17:45 on wednesday.|Your booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Your reference number is : LS1ZMCR8.  Is there anything I can do to help you today?
I also would like to see entertainment in the center area.|we dont have any in that area.
If there is no such attraction, how about one that is in the type of museum?|I have 11. Would you like more info on one?
Yes, I'd like the address, phone number and entrance fee for one of the museums, please.|The Museum of Archaeology and Anthropology is always a good choice. They are located  at University of Cambridge, Downing Strand and admission is free. The phone number is 01223333516.
Thanks! I also need a taxi to commute between the two places.|Alright, where would you like the taxi to pick you up at and your destination?
I'd like to go from the museum to the restaurant, and make sure I get there for the reservation, please.|i booked your taxi. it will be a blue toyota. their phone number is 07424729044.
that is all i need for now. have a great day|Have a great, Good-bye.
I need to find a place to dine in at in Cambridge later.|we have a variety of choices. if  you can specify your price range
Give me something cheap.|There are 22 great restaurants to choose from. Is there a specific area in town you are looking for?
Area of town doesn't matter, but I would like to try north indian food.|I'm sorry I can't find any north indian restaurants, would you like to try something else?
How about a Portuguese restaurant?|none in our records. maybe if you could change the area.
The area does not matter.|There are 2 Portuguese restaurants to choose from, one on the south and one in the center, both in the cheap price range. Would one of those work for you?
Yes, I would like the area, address, and postcode for the one in the centre please.|Nandos city centre is in the centre of town at 33-34 Saint Andrews Street, with the postcode cb23ar. May I help with something else?
I am needing to find a place to stay. I would like something 4 star rated and cheap.|There are 30+ accommodations matching that criteria. Do you have a particular area you are interested in?
The east please.|Ok great. There are three locations. I highly suggest the Leverton House. Would you like to book a room?
book for 2 people and 4 nights from friday please|Booking was successful.Reference number is : 8GXHKS3A
I also need a taxi.|Where are you travelling from/to?
I would be leaving the hotel by 10:15.|Before I can request the taxi I need to know where you are going.
from the hotel to the restaurant. Please give me the contact number and car type after you book it.|Okay great. I have your reservation and you should expect to see a yellow Volvo and their contact number will be 07739732329. Is there anything else?
That is all for now. Thank you for all your help.|Have a nice day.
I am looking for an expensive restaurant in the centre.|There are several expensive restaurants in that area. Is there a certain cuisine you are looking to have?
I'm not picky. Could you recommend one?|fitzbillies restaurant is an expensive british restaurant, would you like me to book that for you?
sounds great, book a table for 5 people at 12:30 on tuesday with the reference number please|Yes I can and your reference number for the booking is IG75ROGD.
Thank you, I will also like to find a night club.|There are 6 nightclubs in town - 5 in the centre and 1 in the south. Which area would you prefer?
Sorry, my friend just advised me that a nightclub isn't for him.  He would rather visit some place that has some architecture in the centre.  Is there something?|I could recommend Holy Trinity Church on Market Street.  It's free to get in.  Would that work for you?
Yes, I will just need their phone number.|their number is 01223355397
That's all I need , thanks a lot.|You're very welcome! Bye now!
I need a moderate priced restaurant please.|There are 31 restaurants that fit your criteria. Is there a part of the city you would prefer?
I would like an Italian restaurant in the south.|I've found one restaurant. It is Pizza Hut Cherry Hinton. Would you like for me to book it for you?
Yes can you book for 6 people at 19:15 on Wednesday?|I cannot complete this booking. Would you like to find another restaurant?
That's disappointing. Is there anything else moderately priced in that area?|Yes, I also have the Restaurant Alimentum that serves modern european food. Would that work for you?
Sure, as long as it's in the south. Can you give me the reference number once booked?|I have reservations booked for 19:15 on Wednesday for 6 ppeople. The reference number is PJMAUG2E. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, that will take care of it. Thank you very much for your help!|You're welcome.  Enjoy your meal.
I need some Caribbean food in the south part of town.|unfortunately, no Caribbean restaurants can be found in the south of town. can i help you with something else?
Is there an italian restaurant in the south part of town?|There are two restaurants serving Italian food in the south of town. What price range would you like?
I don't care.|Pizza Hut Cherry Hinton serves Italian food on the south part of town. Would you like their phone number?
Yes, please|The phone number is 01223 323737.
May I also get the postcode of the restaurant?|The post code is C.B 1, 7 D.Y . Is there anything else I can do for you ?
That will be all. Thank you very much!|Thank you, have a great day!
I am looking for a restaurant that serves international food!|What area are you looking for?
I don't care.|The Bloomsbury restaurant, serves international food.
What is their address and phone number?|Bloomsbury restaurant is located at Crowne Plaza Hotel 20 Downing Street and their phone number is 0871 942 9180. May I help you with anything else?
Is Bloomsbury restaurant in the moderate price range?|Yes, Bloomsbury restaurant is in the moderate price range.
Can I get the postcode?|Bloomsbury restaurant has the C.B 2, 3 D.T postcode.
What is the address and phone number?|The address for Bloomsbury restaurant is Crowne Plaza Hotel 20 Downing Street and the phone number is 0871 942 9180.  Can I help you with anything else?
That is all, thank you.|You're welcome.  Bye.
I am looking for a restaurant in the west part of town.|Cambridge Lodge Restaurant is in the west part of town, and it serves European food.
Thank you. Can I have the address please?|Yes.  Their address is 139 Huntingdon Road City Centre.
Thank you. I would like their price range and phone number as well please.|Cambridge Lodge Restaurant is in the expensive price range and the phone number is 01223 355166.
Thank you, goodbye.|You're welcome. Goodbye.
Goodbye.|Enjoy your dining experience.
Hi, I need a place to stay. I would prefer it to be a guesthouse type. It doesn't need to have free parking.|Are you looking for a hotel in a particular area?
No, I don't need a particular area, but I am looking for something moderately priced.|There are 15 Guesthouses with a moderate price. Do you have further criteria to narrow that down or would you like a recommendation?
I've changed my mind and would like to go ahead and pick the center of town. Wifi would be great.|I don't have a guesthouse available but i do have a hotel. Would that work?
Yes lets book it for 1 person for 5 nights starting monday.|Ok, you are all booked at cityroomz. Your reference number is QQ57BSBE.
Thank you, can you tell me about a place called the Ghandi?  I near that they have the best tandorri chicken.|Yes, they're great. I've eaten there many times. They are cheap and located in the center of town at 72 Regent Street City Centre. Do you need a reservation?
Nope I need their phone number though and postcode when you get a chance, thanks|Their phone number is 01223353942 and postcode is	cb21dp.  Is there anything else that I can help you with?
Thank you. That is all that I need.|Thank you for using the Cambridge Town Info service! Enjoy your time in Cambridge
I'd love to find an Asian Oriental restaurant. Something moderately priced.|May I recommend yippee noodle bar, located at 40428 King street in the centre of town?
That's perfect, thank you!|Is that all? Would you like be to book? Anything else you need?
Yes please book it for 3 people on Sunday at 14:45 please.|I apologize but there were no openings for that time. Would you like to try another day or time?
Yes, could you try 13:45?|Your booking was successful. They will reserve your table for 15 minutes, and your reference number is Q9J4799I. Can I help you with anything else today?
No thank you.  Have a good rest of your day.|You as well, enjoy your meal.
I am looking for a french restaurant.|There are two french restaurants listed. Do you have a preference of area? Centre or north part of town?
I don't care.|Cote is a French restaurant in the centre part of town, and it is in the expensive price range. Is that price range okay for you?
Are there any other French places available?|Restaurant two two is a nice place that serves French food in the expensive price range and is in the North part of town.
That sounds great!  May I have their address and postcode, please?|restaurant two two's Address is 22 Chesterton Road Chesterton, their postcode is C.B 4, 3 A.X
please give me the address and postcode|cote is located at Bridge Street City Centre and their postcode is C.B 2, 1 U.F.  May I help you with anything else?
That's it. Thank you, goodbye|You're welcome. Goodbye.
I'd like to find a restaurant serving British food that's in the centre.|restaurant one seven serves British food and is located in the Centre. Would you like me to make a reservation for you?
Can you give me more information about this place?|It's located at De Vere University Arms Regent Street City Centre. It's one of my favorite restaurants!
Okay. That sounds good. Can you give me the phone number and price range?|01223337766, is the phone. It is in the moderate price range.
I forgot to ask for the address. Can I get that also, please?|As mentioned before the address is De Vere University Arms Regent Street City Centre, can I assist with anything else?
Yes, I need a train to Cambridge leaving sometime after 16:15 on Wednesday.|Where will you be departing from?
I will be departing from Ely|I have located several options train TR8610 leaves at 17:35, TR0328 leaves at 19:35, TR5050 leaves at 21:35, or TR8230 leaves at 23:35. Would you like me to book tickets?
Earlier is better, please book me for one at 17:35.|Absolutely!  Can you please confirm how many tickets you would like to book?
I would like one ticket please. How long will the travel time be on that?|The train will take 17 minutes to arrive at your destination. May i help you with anything else?
No, thank you.|Okay, great! Have a good day.
Hello, I'm trying to find a train leaving on Friday after 09:30.|I would be happy to help you with your request, could you be more specific on where you are departing/arriving?
I will be leaving from Broxbourne on my way to Cambridge.|Can I get a time you would like to arrive by?
I am not particular about what time we arrive provided we leave after 09:30. Choose one for me and give me the arrival time, travel time, and train ID.|I have train TR5678 leaving Broxbourne at 09:32 and arriving in Cambridge at 10:32. The travel time is 60 minutes. Anything else I can help with?
I am also looking for a place to dine in the north area that has a cheap price range.|I have two choices that match, Royal Spice that serves Indian food, and Da Vinci Pizzeria that servers Italian food.  Do either of those work?
Yes I would like  Royal Spice,  book a table for 8 people at 19:30 on the same day|I'm sorry, there aren't any tables available at that time. Would you like to try another timeslot?
How about at 18:30?|I was able to successfully reserve your table for 18:30. Your reference number is A2FWMXJN. Is there anything else I can help you with?
That will be all, thank you for your help.|You're welcome please let me know if there is anything else I can help you with.
Hi, I'm looking for a moderately priced restaurant that serves christmas food. Do you know of any?|I have No matching records found. would you like something different ?
Do you know of any restaurants that offer Italian food that is moderately priced?|There are 5 Italian restaurants in the moderate price range. What area do you prefer?
I changed my mind. Could you find a restaurant that serves asian oriental food?|I have found the yippe noodle bar. It is located in the centre. Would you like a reservation?
Yes, a table for six, please.|Okay and which day and time would be best for you?
Wednesday at 13:00, if that's available.|I was not able to book, can I try another place or time?
How about 12:00?|Your table is reserved for 12:00. Your reference number is XOY3DO4V.
I would also like to go to a museum nearby in the south part of town. Please also give me its address and entrance fee.|I have Byard Art Museum in the south. They offer free admission. They are located at 14 King's Parade. Is there anything else I can do for you?
No that is it. Thank you so much.|byard art museum is located at 14 king's parade and the phone number is 01223464646.  Let us know if we can help further.
Thank you again.|You're very welcome. Have a great trip!
I will. Goodbye.|Goodbye. If you need anything else, don't hesitate to contact us again.
So I'm interested in portuguese food. Do you know of any restaurants that serve it in the South?|nandos is is a nice place. Do you want to book ?
Yes, please. 5 people at 19:30 on wednesday.|I've made the reservation and your reference number is J1DOHU0T.
Great I am also looking to get a train from london kings cross that will arrive by 12:30|I would be happy to help you with that. What day are you traveling?
I will be traveling on Wednesday.|I have 4 different trains that will meet your needs.  Will you be traveling alone or with a group?
I'm traveling alone, can you tell me how much the train fare costs?|The cost per ticket is 23.60 pounds. Would you like me to book a train for you?
Yes please book me on the train that arrives in Cambridge on Wednesday as closest to 12:30.|Done! Your train leaves London Kings Cross at 11:17. Please pay 23.6 Pounds at the station. Your reference number is IDCU3WFU. Can I help you with anything else?
Thank you. I also need a train to to arrive in Cambridge by 12:30.|I have booked you on one. Would you like a second train?
Opps no, that was an error on my part. I won't be needing anything else.|Ok, thanks for using our service. Have a great day!
I am looking for a restaurant in the moderate price range serving modern European food.|I have at least three choices would you like a recommendation?
I'd like a restaurant on the south end of town, please.|How does restaurant alimentum sound? They are on the south side of town.
That sounds good, can I book a table there for 1 person at 12:30 on wednesday?|Your reservation at Restaurant Alimentum has been made for 12:30 on Wednesday and your reference number is X08RCBWH. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, that is all I need. Thank you for your help!|I'm glad we could help, and enjoy your luncheon at Alimentum. Have a wonderful day!
I'm looking for somewhere to go in town, are there any museums you can recommend?|We have several museums is there a particular kind of museum you would prefer in a particular location.
Will you suggest one? I'd like to know the entrance fee, address, and area, as well.|Cambridge Artworks in the east side is fantastic. Admission is free. The address is 5 Greens Road. Anything else I can do for you?
Yes. I need a restaurant in the centre area please.|What kind of food were you interested in? Or would you like me to pick for you?
I would prefer spanish food at a moderate price.|I've found the La Tasca, which fit all of your criteria. Would you like to book you a table at this restaurant?
Not at the moment but can I get the phone number for La Tasca please?|Yes, you can reach La Tasca at 01223464630. Can I help you with anything else today?
No, thank you very much. I will not be needing anything else.|You're welcome. Have a great day!
Where'a a restaurant on the east part f town?|What type of food would you like?
it doesn't matter|the royal standard is located in city centre
Are there any restaurants located not in the city centre but in the east part of town?|There are a few restaurants in the east part of town. Are you looking for a certain price range?
I need assistance finding a restaurant that is cheap and serves british food, can you help me?|I am sorry, I do not have any cheaply priced British restaurants in the city.  Would you like a different type of food or maybe a different price range?
Do you have any Asian Oriental restaurants in the same price range?|Yes I found 2 cheap asian oriental places to eat. The dojo noodle bar and j restaurant. Would you like me to book a table for you?
Yes. Please book me a table at the dojo noodle bar for 7 people at 19:00 on wednesday.|I couldn't get you a table at Dojo, I can get you one at J Restaurant, if you want?
That works. Same parameters, please. I need the reference number too.|Booked! Your table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number: F10EIGQ3.
Great thank you for all your help.|Do you need anything else?
That was all thank you.|Okay great. Thanks for calling and enjoy your dinner.
Do you know if there are any cheap places to eat in the North part of town?|We have two places that meet your criteria, royal spice and da vinci pizzeria, any preference between those two?
Royal spice sounds interesting, can I get the food type, address and postcode please?|The food price is cheap, postal cold cb41eh and address is victoria avenue chesterton.
What kind of food do they serve there?|Royal Spice serves Indian food.  Does that sound interesting to you?
Yes, thank you. I'm also looking for a guesthouse in the same area as the restaurant.|We have quite a few cheap and moderate priced guesthouses in the north.  Do you care about parking or internet?
I'm hoping for a 3 star place, don't care about internet.|The Hamilton Lodge meets your needs and offers parking. Would you like me to book it for you?
Yes please, 7 people for 2 nights starting on sunday.|I have your party of 7 booked at Hamilton Lodge for 2 nights starting on Sunday. Your reference number is EW29SOTO.
Thank you for all your help!|Will that be all today?
That is all I need today.|I hope your stay is enjoyable.
Thank you! I am sure it will be thanks to your help.|excellent, have a great day!
I am planning a trip to Cambridge, looking for a place to dine.|I can help with that. What type of cuisine are you interested in?
turkish is really good to me|We have three options available. Two are moderately priced while one is expensive. Do you have a preference?
I prefer the moderately priced. Kindly book a table for 5 people for me for Saturday by 18:00.|A table at Anatolia has been booked. The reference number is 4CKLSLAJ. Is there anything else I can do for you today?
Thanks, I'm also looking for a train that leaves on sunday from birmingham new street.|What is the destination, time you want to leave and arrival time?
I need to leave Sunday from Cambridge and travel to Birmingham New Street, arriving before 17:45.|Train TR2236 arrives by 17: 23, should I book that?
No thank you, what time does the train leave Cambridge?|Sorry, there was an error earlier. The train you want is TR4905, leaving Cambridge at 15:01 and arriving Birmingham at 17:44.
How long is the journey between the two places?|The travel time is 163 minutes. Would you like to make a booking?
Yes, please make a booking.|How many people will be travelling?
I need five tickets.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 300.39 GBP payable at the station.
Great, thank you. Is there a confirmation number?|YEs its littlelamb5. THanks
Thanks for all your help today.  I think that's it.|Glad to have been of service. Thank you for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Have a great day.
I'm looking for a Swedish restaurant, preferably in the expensive price range.|I am sorry.  There are no Swedish restaurants in this city.  Is there another type of restaurant you would like me to help you find?
mediterranean food.|There are 3 restaurants that serve mediterranean food.  What price range are you looking for?
I prefer the expensive price range.|la mimosa serves mediterranean food and is in the expensive price range.  their phone number is 01223 362525 and they are located at Thompsons Lane Fen Ditton.
Thank you. Goodbye.|You're welcome, thank you for using this system. Goodbye.
While on my trip to Cambridge I need a hotel, and it is not important for it to have internet.|There are 9 hotels in Cambridge. Is there any particular star rating you would like such as a 2 or 4 star?
I am looking for a cheap hotel.|The Cambridge Belfry is the only hotel showing to your specifications. Would you like to book a stay there?
Does it have free wifi? If so, please book it for me.|It does have free wifi. On what day will you be checking in?
I will need to book it on Saturday for 5 nights. The room will need to accommodate 3 people.|Great it's all booked, the reference number is 59FZCVEC
Thanks I also need a restaurant in the cheap price range serving international food|The Missing Sock fits those requests, would you like the address?
Yes, can you book a table for 3 people on Saturday?|I'd be happy to assist you, what time would you like your reservation for?
I would like to make a reservation for 11:00 on Saturday. Please provide the reference number for the reservation. Thanks|Good news! I was able to book that for you and your reservation number is QD0E91EW. Will that be all?
Thank you. That's all I need today.|You're welcome, enjoy your stay in Cambridge!
Thank you so much!|Thank you, goodbye.
I'm looking for a place that offers free parking to it's guests. Got any hotels that offer that?|Almost every hotel and guesthouse in Cambridge has free parking! What area and/or price range are you looking for?
I want to be in the centre.|Here are the two choices of hotels in the Centre area that meet your criteria: Gonville Hotel and University Arms Hotel. Do either of these interest you?
Do they have free wifi?|Yes actually they both do. Would yu like to book one of them?
Not yet.  Can I get the postcode for Gonville Hotel?|Sure!  The post code for the gonville hotel is cb11ly.  Let me know if there is anything else I can do for you.
I also need a restaurant near the hotel.|Do you have a price range in mind or type?
I would like it in the centre, moderate range in price.|how about the yippee noodle bar?
That would be fine. Please make reservations for 1 on monday at 15:30.|I will do that for you now.
Thank you for helping me.|Your welcome. I am glad I could be of help.
I need a train that leaves london kings cross on friday|And what is your destination station?
I need to arrive at Cambridge. I want the train to leave after 17:30.|There are 3 trains leaving after 17:30 on Friday, by what time would you like to arrive in Cambridge?
I need to arrive by 5pm.|That's physically impossible. You want to leave after 17:30 which is 5:30 pm and arrive at 5 pm? Try that again please.
Can I get the train ID and arrival time for the first train after 17:30 on Friday, going from Kings Cross to Cambridge?|the TR9139 leaves at 19:17 and arrives by 20:08
I am also looking for de luca cucina and bar, can you help me locate it?|Gladly. It's located in the centre and it serves modern European food. Would you like me to make a reservation for you?
Yes please, can I get a reservation for Friday at 21:00 for 3 people?|Great choice! Your booking was successful. Here is your reference number 8W4EZQ1E. Anything else I can help you with?
No thank you, that is everything.|I'm happy we could be of service, and enjoy your time in Cambridge!
Can you help me find a train for my upcoming trip to your city?|what days look like the best ones to get a great deal on hotel with train ride.
Well, I want to leave on Saturday.  You tell me the best options.|There are 202 options that day! Do you know what time you want to leave or arrive?
I would like to arrive by 19:00.|Can you tell me where you are leaving from and going to?
Of course, silly me. I'd like to travel from Cambridge to London Liverpool Street on Saturday, and I need to get there by 19:00 please.|Allright. TR0357 departs at 09:39. Would you like me to book you tickets?
Can you give me the ticket price?|A ticket from London Liverpool Street to Cambridge is 13.28GBP.
Ok, I'll have to speak with my friend to see if that price is acceptable.  Can I please get the address to the restaurant Hotel Du Vin and Bistro?|Absolutely, the address is 15-19 Trumpington Street. Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
I also need their phone number.|Sure! Their number is 01223227330.
Thanks for the help, that's all for now.|I hope you have a good trip.  Have a nice day.  Goedbye
I am looking for a restaurant with vegetarian food.|What area of town are you looking for?
Any area of town would be fine.|There are no restaurants serving vegetarian food.
How about european food?|Would you prefer European or modern European food?
European, please.|There are ten results. Do you have a price range preference?
No I do not|Cambridge Lodge Restaurant serves European food and is the expensive price range.
Can I have the address and phone number?|The address is Cambridge Lodge Hotel 139 Huntingdon Road City Centre, postcode C.B 3, 0 d.Q , phone is 01223 355166
Thank you, goodbye|You're welcome and thank you for calling. Goodbye.
I am looking for a British restaurant that is moderately priced.|There are a few of them.  Would you prefer the centre of town or the west area?
How about the center?|There are a few restaurants that will meet your needs. I suggest The Copper Kettle at 4 Kings Parade City Centre.
Please book a table for 3 at 14:15 on Friday at The Copper Kettle.|I was able to book a table for you at 14:15 at the Copper Kettle. Your reference number is 3ED8CQBU. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
That is all. Thank you very much!|You're welcome. Have a good day. Goodbye.
I would like an expensive restaurant in the south part of town|I would suggest you try the Chiquito Restaurant bar.
What type of food do they serve and may I have their address?|chiquito restaurant bar serves mexican food and located at 2G cambridge leisure park cherry hinton road cherry hinton. Would you like anything else?
That is all thank you.|You're welcome.
I want to try a local restaurant called Jinling noodle bar, can you help?|Absolutely! The address of the restaurant is 11 Peas Hill City Centre, and their telephone number is 01223566188. Would you like me to help you find a taxi there?
No thank you, but can you make a booking for 2 people at 17:30 on wednesday?|Alright, your table has been booked at the Jinling Noodle Bar for Wednesday at 17:30 for 2 people. Your reference number is VJ15Q075. Is there anything else I can do?
I am also looking for a hotel in town. I would need free parking and free wifi.|Do you have an area of town you prefer?
I do not prefer a particular area of town but I would like the hotel to be a  guesthouse.|There are 21 accommodations that meet your criteria. Is there a particular price range you prefer?
I do not care about the price range|The Acorn Guest House is moderately priced and 4 stars. Would you like to book there?
That sounds great. Yes please!|In order to book your room I will need to know the dates you will be staying and the number of guests.
I would like the booking starting on Wednesday for 2 people please.|And how many days would you like to stay?
I need to book a room for two nights please.|I have made a booking for you for two nights. Your reference number is 1H5BM0PN. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Thank you!  I also need to get a taxi to get me to the restaurant by 17:30.|Your taxi has been booked and it is a red honda and its contact number is 07876946762.
.
Thank you for your help. Good Bye!|Thank you for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre.  Have a great day!
Please locate me an italian restaurant in the Centre area.|There are 9 such restaurants. Do you want a specific price range?
It should be expensive.|There are four choices which match your requirements. Would you like to make a reservation at one of them?
No preference really, you pick. I'll need the address please.|Okay, how about Caffe Uno. It's located at 32 Bridge Street City Centre.
Great I also am looking for a hotel called Cityroomz|Cityroomz is a hotel in the centre of town in the moderate price range what information would you like about it?
Yes can I please have the address?|The address is sleeperz hotel, station road. Can I help you with anything else today?
No, That's all I need. Thank you.|Great! Thanks for using Cambridge TownInfo. Goodbye!
I am trying to locate information about four star hotels in Cambridge.|There is a huntingdon marriott hotel here, kingfisher way, hinchinbrook business park, huntingdon. Would you like to book?
No, I just need one that is in the moderate price range.|I'm sorry, I don't have anything in the moderate price range, would you like to search for something else?
I need one in the south of town.|I'm sorry, there are no moderately priced hotels in the south part of town that have 4 stars.  I do have a guesthouse that matches those parameters, would that do?
how about with 4 stars then?|Yes, there is one named Ayles Bray Lodge Guest House.   Does that sound good?
Yes. I need to book it for 2 people starting Monday.  And we will be staying for 5 nights. Do they have room to fit us in?|They do have a room available.
Can you book it please?|Booking was successful.
Reference number is : ZB5OQSQ5. what else can i help you with today?
That's it. Thank you.|Do you need me to look up any more info?
Can you book it for me and get a reference number ?|I have already done that. The information is above.
Okay, I'm looking for a restaurant that serves international food and needs to be in the same price range as the hotel.|the varsity restaurant is a lovely place, shall I reserve a table there for you?
No thank you, I would just like to get the postcode and phone number, please.|The phone number is 01223356060.
What's their postcode?|Their postcode is cb23ar.
Thank you. That will be all for now. Good bye.|Thank you for using our services. Have a great stay.
Can you help me find an expensive restaurant in the center of town?|There are many options. Do you have any preferences on type of food?
Could you recommend one for me and help me make a booking for sunday?|How about Midsummer House Restaurant, it serves British food in centre. How many people are in your party?
I have 4 people in my party.  Can I book a table for 17:00 on Sunday?|I booked that, and your reservation number is RBYPR70C. Do you need any more information about the restaurant?
I also need places to go that are in the same area as the restaurant and should be in the type of architecture.|Does a entrance fee make any difference?
No, I would just like to know what the fee is, if any?|The old schools has a free entrance fee.
That's great. I think we'll try that out. Thanks for the info. Goodbye.|No problem. Thanks for using our service today.
I'm looking for a place to go in the east.|Is there a certain type of attraction you'd like to see?
I actually haven't been to Cambridge before. Can you tell me a few types that might be in that area?|sure thing! We have museums, entertainment and a boat. Anything there catch your fancy?
You pick something in the east for me.  I'll need the address, postcode and entrance fee.  I'm also wanting information on Anatolia.  Thank you!|Lets start with the attraction information first. Cherry Hinton Water Play is a free park located at cherry hinton hall, cherry hinton road and the postcode is cb18dw.
Great, thank you.|You're very welcome. Now, the Anatolia is a moderately priced turkish restaurant located in the city centre.
Okay, let's book a table at the Anatolia for Monday at 17:30. I'll need it booked for 3 people.|All done, your reference number is M5W4NO7F. They will hold your table for 15 minutes. Can I help you with anything else?
Come to think of it, I think I may need a taxi to get me between the two. Can it get me from Cherry Hinton to Anatolia by 17:30?|Yes, not a problem.  I have a blue lexus booked for you.  The contact number is 07234258903.
Thank you so much that is everything, I will be putting you on my Christmas Card list, you are awesome!|It is always my pleasure.  Can I help you with anything else?
No that is all I need today.|It was a pleasure to help. Have a wonderful day. Goodbye.
Hello, I am looking for a Lebanese restaurant in the centre of town.|Ali baba is a lebanese restaurant in the moderate price range in the Centre part of town.
What is the address and phone number?|Ali Baba is located at 59 Hills Road City Centre and the phone number is 01462 432565.
Thank  you. Good bye.|You're very welcome. Have a good night.
I'm looking for a museum in the western part of town.|There are 79 museums in the western part of town. Do you prefer a pay museum or one without an entrance fee?
Free is always good.  Can you give me the postcode, address, and phone number for one that is historical?|The Museum of Classical Archeology is a free museum, located on Sidgwick Avenue in postal code CB3 9DA. Their phone number is 01 22 333 5153.
Thank you. I'm also looking for the panahar restaurant, can you give me directions?|The address is 8 Norfolk Street City Centre and phone 01223355012.  It's in the Centre just go down Norfolk if you are coming from the freeway.
Thanks, what is the price range?|Panahar is in the expensive price range, would you like me to book it for you?
No, thanks! I need their phone number and address, though, please.|Their phone number is 01223 355 012 and they are located at 8 Norfolk Street City Centre, CB1 2LF. Can I help you with anything else today?
No, that will do it, thanks!|Okay, have a great day!
Find me a turkish restaurant in the centre please|Sure I have 3. Meze bar and restaurant, anatolia and efes restaurant. Meze is expensive but the other two are moderately priced.
I want something nice. So let's go with the Meze Bar. Can I get their address please?|Sure, the address is 196 Mill Road. Postcode is cb13nf.
Alright, do any trains leave london liverpool street after 14:45?|yes, there are trains every two hours from liverpool street station. Do you have a day you prefer to travel?
I would like to leave on a Monday.|Are you traveling to Cambridge and do you want me to book a ticket?
Can you please give me the train ID and travel time?|Well the train id for the 15:30 from Liverpool Street is TR9802.
That is all for now, thank you. Goodbye|Thanks for using our services. Have we met all of your needs today?
I'm looking for a particular restaurant called the Pizza Express|There seems to be two locations.  They are both located in the centre of town.  One is on Regent Street City Centre, and the other is on Jesus Lane Fen Dutton.
Ok can you suggest one and reserve a table for 6 at 18:30 on saturday and I need the reference number too please|Ok, you are all booked at the pizza express on regent street. Reference number is 1ASQ2S6Y.
Thank you! I'm also looking for a hotel called the Autumn House.|Autumn House is a cheap guesthouse in the east area of town with free internet and parking. Would you like me to book it?
Yes, I need it for 5 nights starting on Saturday for 6 people.  Please send the reference number.|I was able to book your room for Autumn House. The reference number is 9IUTQ641. Is that all you need?
No, I'll also be needing a taxi to get between the two places, I'll need it to get to the restaurant by the booked time.|you will be riding in a gray toyota contact # is 07710210724
Groovy like Greg Brady!  That is everything,  Thank you for your help.|No problem at all, you have a great trip!
Can you recommend a restaurant to me in the South part of town?  I don't want to spend a lot of money.|What type of food are you looking for?
The type of food doesn't matter to me.|Two results with cheap price range in the south area of town. One is Nandos which is Portuguese food. The other is The Lucky Star, which is Chinese food.
Is there anything else?|The Lucky Star is a Chinese restaurant that is cheap and on the South side of town.
What is the phone number?|The phone number of The Lucky Star is 01223 244277.
That will be good. Thank you!|Thank you, goodbye.
I need a cinema to go to in the south.|The cineworld cinema is the place!
Can you tell me the address?|The address is cambridge leisure park, clifton way. Can I help with anything else?
Yes, I need to find a restaurant in the same area.|I have 9 different restaurants in the south. Lets try to narrow it down. Do you have a preference on price range?
Do any of the nine restaurants serve north american food?|No, they do not.  How about Pizza Hut Cherry Hinton?  It is Italian but it is popular with the Americans here.
We eat Pizza Hut way to much. Can you try something with indian food? It is a special occasion so it can be expensive.|There is Taj Tandoori which is located on 64 Cherry Hinton Road.  Would you like me to book a table for you?
No, but can you give me the phone number and postcode?  Thanks!|Taj Tandoori's phone number is 01223412299 and the postcode is cb17aa.
Thank you! You have answered all of my needs.|It was a pleasure. Thank you for using our service. Good night.
I'm looking for an expensive Indian restaurant. Can you help me with that?|Sure, I can help you with that. There are 14 choices. Did you have a certain area in mind?
I need the town centre.|I have 6 different Indian food restaurants available. Might I suggest Curry Queen. It is the most highly rated in the area.
Certainly, sounds good.  Could you just get me the address and postcode?|The Curry Queen is located at 5 Jordans Yard Bridge Street City Centre, and the postcode is cb21ug, would you like me to book this restaurant?
No thank you, that is all I needed!|Thank you and please check with us for future reservations.
I'm looking for an expensive place to dine in the centre.|There are many, can I get an area you are looking for the restaurant to be in?
Yes I will like it to be in the center of Cambridge.|I'm sorry, "area" was in my head because you already mentioned it, but I meant to ask what sort of cuisine you might like.
I would like it to serve European food and be expensive please.|How about Eraina located on Free School Land, City Centre?
Thats a very unique name, and sounds like something I would like to try.|Would you like for me to make a reservation for you?
I just need the phone number and post code please?  Can you also help me book a train from Bishops Stortford to Cambridge on Saturday arriving before 15:15?|Eraina's phone number is 01223368786, and the postcode is cb23rh.
Thank you very much, now I just need to get the train ID, departure time, and price of a train that's leaving Bishops Stortford and going to Cambridge by 15:15.|Absolutely. There's train TR5108 leaving Bishops at 13:29. It costs 8.08 pounds.
Wonderful. Could you please give me the train ID, the departure time, and the price?|TR5108  is the train ID anything else?
No thank you, that is all I needed. Goodbye!|You're welcome, have a lovely day!
I need a moderately priced restaurant on the east side of town.|Here are two suggestions on the east side, Curry Prince, Indian cuisine, and Pizza Hut fen dittion, Italian.
Please book a table for two at the Curry Prince on Sunday at  15:45|Your booking has been completed.
Can I have a reference number please?|Yes your booking was successful and your reference number is SN8PDT2I.
Thank you.  I also need a place to stay.|Do you have any preferences on location or price range?
I would like it to be a guesthouse and have a 4 star rating.|I have 18 results that fit your criteria. What area would you like to stay in, and what is your price range?
I would like something moderately priced and include free parking.|I would recommend the carolina bed and breakfast, which is located on the east side of town. Would you be interested in booking a room?
Yes please book a for the same group of people for 4 nights on the same day.|Booking was successful. Your reference number is KLDPGQ5D. Will that be all?
I also wanted some help booking a taxi if that's possible.|Absolutely! What time would you like me to set up a taxi?
I want to be at the restaurant by 15:45.|Would the taxi be picking you up at the carolina bed and breakfast?
Yes please.  And I'd need the contact number and car type.|What will your destination be?
The restauarant by 15:45, please.|Do you have a preference in car?
Just something to get me from point A to point B, please.|Your taxi is a white Toyota. Your contact number is 07519034481. May I help with something else?
No, that's all for today. Thank you so much.|No thank you that will be all
Hi there, I need a swimming pool. The kids want to swim!|Abbey pool is available on the east.
That sounds wonderful! May I please have the address, phone number, and post code?|Sure thing! The address is: pool way, whitehill road, off newmarket road. The phone number and postcode are 01223902088 and cb58nt.
Are there any italian restaurants located in the centre?|I have some what price range would you like?
The cheaper the better please|they are 3 but i recommend zizzi cambridge. can i get you the address?
Can you suggest one?  I need reservations for saturday.|Yes, as I said zizzi cambridge is a very good restaurant.  How many people would like me to book a table for and what time?
Please book it for 4 people at 18:30 on Saturday evening.|Okay, booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Your reference number is AA76LKSA.
Thanks! That's all I needed today. Goodbye!|You're welcome.  Have a wonderful day!
I need a place for a modern european food. Moderate range ought to do it. Thank you.|I show three in the moderate price range. Two are in the centre and one is in the south. Do any of these work for you?
Yes, I need to reserve a table for 5 at 11:45 on Wednesday can you help me with that?|Alright, I have you booked at the Restaurant Alimentum on the southend. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is: 1PF64MM2.
Thank you. I also need a train to go to London Kings Cross on Saturday.|I have 10 trains available.  Do you have a time preference?
I want the train to arrive by 10:15. Just choose the first train on your list and book it for 5 people. Then send me a reference number to confirm|First I will need to know if your departure is from cambridge.
Yes it's from cambridge. Please make the booking and give me the reference number.|I have book for you for the 5:00 train for 5 people leaving cambridge on saturday. Your reference number is 9DCSEY8P and the total will be 94.4 GBP payable at the train station. Is there anything else I can help you with ?
No that's all I needed for today. Thanks.|You are welcome, have a great day.
Hello, I am looking to book a restaurant in the centre in Cambridge and be moderate in price.|How about Restaurant One Seven, it is British food but just what you're looking for.
Thank you, I need to book a reservation for 2 at 16:00 on Thursday, can you please give me reference number?|Your table is booked at Restaurant Seven One. Your reference number is MF59X2RK.
Great, thanks! I'll also need a train from cambridge that leaves after 11:00. Can you help me with that?|Absolutely, you have many options. What day were you thinking of making this trip?
I need to leave friday and go to birmingham new street|There's a train departing at 11:01. Would that work? If not, the train's are every hour at 1 minute past. I can book whichever train you'd like.
Yes, that would probably work. What time does the train departing at 11:01 arrive at Birmingham new street?|It arrives at 13:44. Would you like me to book this for you?
Possibly. What is the train ID?|Sure the train id is TR6564, can I book this for you,
Not at this time. That is all I need, thank you.|Great! Thanks for allowing me to assist you. Goodbye!
expensive mediterranean restaurant please|La mimosa is an expensive mediterranean restaurant in the centre part of town.  Would you like their location?
What is the phone number and postcode?|The phone number for La Mimosa is 01223 362525, and the postcode is CB58AQ.
Thank you good bye.|thank you for using our system. good bye
Thank you, goodbye.|Thank you for using our system and have a great day!
I would like a restaurant that serves swiss food|I'm sorry, we do not have any Swiss restaurants available.  Do you want to try a different type of food?
I would like to try vietnamese food|Thanh Binh is a good vietnamese restaurant in the cheap price range
What is the address?|17 Magdalene Street City Centre
OK thank you. Good bye.|Thank you for using our system. Good bye
I looking for a restaurant in centre.|dojo noodle bar is a nice restaurant in the centre of town, it serves asian oriental food.
Is that restaurant moderately priced?|What criteria are you searching for concerning dining?
I'm looking for a moderately priced European restaurant located near the centre?|great, i have 4 options for you to choose from!
Please make a suggestion and provide the postcode, address, and phone number.|The hotel du vin and bistro is my favorite. Address is 15 - 19 Trumpington Street cb21qa, phone 01223227330
I'm also looking for a train that leaves after 20:15 on Saturday.  I need to go to Kings Lynn from Cambridge please.  Do you have anything?|Yes, the TR6633 leaves at 21:11 and arrives by 21:58. Would you like me to make a reservation for you?
yes please. book it for four people and send me the reference number.|Your train is booked, the total fee is 31.36 GBP payable at the station and 
 the reference number is : 63QMG2XO. May i help you with something else?
I'm trying to plan a trip there. I need to find a cheap restaurant.|Would you like chinese or asian? Charlie chan serves chinese and is on the cheap side.
No, I would like an Italian place in the centre.|There are three: Pizza Hut City Centre, Ask, and Zizzi Cambridge. Would you like to make a reservation at any of these?
Ask sounds good. What's the postcode?|The postcode is cb21uf, will that be all?
I am also looking for a train departing from cambridge on tuesday, and arriving at ely by 17:15.|The train arriving closest to 17:15 is TR4447 which arrives at 16:07. Would you like for me to book that for you?
Before I book anything can you give me the price?|The price is 4.40 pounds.
How long does the train take to get to Ely? And when, precisely, does it leave?|The TR4447 leaves at 15:50 and it's a 17 minute ride, arriving at 16:07. Should I book it for you?
Before I book anything, what is the price?|the price is 4.40 pounds
Thank you, please book me.|How many tickets will you be needing?
Just one ticket, please!|Congratulations! Your booking was successful and your reference number is SED9S4BH.
Thanks for your help|You're more than welcome. Can I help you with anything else?
I think that is all I need for today. Thank you.|Thank you for contacting Cambridge TownInfo centre.  I hope you have a pleasant trip!  Goodbye!
I'm looking for a train to go to cambridge on tuesday.|I am happy to help with that. Can you tell me where you would be leaving from?
From London Kings Cross and I need it to leave after 18:15.|I have 3 trains available. They leave at 19:17, 21:17 and 23:17. Would you prefer one of those?
I'd like to book the 19:17 train for 8 please and need the reference number.|I was successfully able to book the 19:17 train for 8 people.  The total fee is 188.8 GBP payable at the station.  Your reference number is L0TQ4FD6.
I will also need a place to dine. I'm thinking something cheap, after that. Maybe Portuguese food?|There are two cheap Portuguese restaurants located in the city, the Nandos and Nandos City Centre. Would you like to book a table with either of these?
I would like to dine in the centre area, so let's go with Nandos City Centre.|Sure.  How many seats will you need to reserve for the restaurant?
I will need it for the same amount of people.|What time would you like to make your reservation?
I would like to dine at 21:00.|Will you be dining on Tuesday as well?
Yes.  Please reserve a table for 8 on tuesday at 21:00.  Also can you give me the reference number?|OK, I've got you booked with reference number W5J24TC2, they'll hold your table for 15 minutes. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No thank you, that looks great. Have a good day.|Thank you, have a nice day, too.
Thanks for all the help. Goodbye.|Goodbye and enjoy the restaurant and trip!
I am traveling to Cambridge and excited about seeing local tourist attractions, can you help?|Do you have an attraction type preference?
Yes, I would like to see a museum. Can you tell me the postcode and entrance fee for it?|I have 23 places. What area would you prefer to be in?
I have no particular area preference. Can you list a few for me to select from?|There is Cafe Jello Gallery in the west, Cambridge Artworks in the east and Broughton House Gallery in the centre.  Does any of those sound appealing?
Yes could I have their postcode and entrance fee?|Cafe jello gallery postcode is cb30af and the entrance is free, is there anything else I can do for you?
I am also looking for the restaurant Yu Garden.|Here is the address 529 Newmarket Road Fen Ditton.
Can you give me more information about Yu Garden.|Of course! It is a chinese cuisine restaurant located in the east. Anything else you would like to know?
Just the price range and postal code please.|Their price range is expensive and the postcode is cb58pa.  Are you sure that is all you needed?
that is it. thank you for helping me|You're welcome! Enjoy your visit!
Hello, I'm looking for some information about places to stay in Cambridge. I would like to know the most inexpensive price range located to the north.|There are 2 guesthouses in the area I recommend worth house, would you like me to book that?
Does that have free wifi?|Yes, both options have free wifi. Worth House has four stars and is really quite nice. Would that work for you?
That sounds like a great choice.|What day would you like to reserve?  How many days will you be staying and how many people will be staying in the reserved room?
I would like the phone number, postcode, and star of the hotel|Worth House has a 4-star rating and their postcode is cb41da. They can be reached by phone at 01223316074. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Can you give me information on the restaurant the Rice Boat?|The rice boat serves indian food and is expensive in the west area.  The phone number is 01223302800.
I would like to book a table for four at 11:15 on Sunday.  Can you help me with that?|Sure thing! You have the table reserved for 15 minutes. Your reference number is OGZ024O7.
Thank you! That's all I need.|Okay great. Glad I could help.
Have a great day!|It was my pleasure. Have a wonderful day. Goodbye.
Could you help me find a train? I am looking for one to take me to Cambridge and I need it to leave by 17:45 on Saturday.|Where are you departing from?
I am leaving from cambridge heading to norwich please.|TR7043 departs cambridge at 18:36 on Saturday, arriving in Norwich at 19:55. Would you like a ticket on this train?
Yes, that would be fine.|Would you just need 1 ticket or how many can I book for you?
I need to book the train for four people, and I'll need the reference number, please.|Booking was successful on train TR7043, the total fee is 56.32 GBP payable at the station. Your reference number is EN27M17A. Can I help with anything else?
No. Thank you, you were very helpful.|I'm happy to help. Have a great day.
I'm looking for a train that leaves from Cambridge after 14:45.|We have quite a few options available. Is there a particular day you are needing this?
I am looking to travel friday and head to bishops stortford.|Train TR2730 departs at 15:29 and arrives by 16:07.  Would you like more information or to book a spot?
No, that's all the information I need. Thanks, have a great day!|Thank you goodbye.
I'm also looking for a place for dinner. Can you help with that?|Of course, there are over 100 restaurants in the city. Would you like to eat in the same area as your hotel?
I would like an expensive Italian placem are is not an issue.|There are 5 restaurants in the area. I like Frankie and Bennys in the south. Can I make you a reservation?
Yes, 3 people at 10:15 on friday.|Success! Your table for 3 has been reserved at Frankie and Bennys on Friday at 10:15. They'll hold the table 15 minutes, and your reference is 90XE260X. Need anything further today?
No that's all I need. Thank you.|You're welcome. Don't hesitate to ask if you ever need anything else.
Hey, is there any good italian food on the eastside?|There is pizza hut fen ditton. Would you like the address?
Sure, and also what is the phone number?|their phone number is 01223323737 and are situated 	Cambridge Retail Park Newmarket Road Fen Ditton, cb58wr
Thank you. I also need information on  sidney sussex college|their phone number is 01223338800 and are located on sidney street, postcode cb23hu and admission is free.
I am looking for a restaurant in the moderate price range and in the centre of town.|There are 21 restaurants in the centre of town in the moderate price range.
Ok, how about chinese food?|Yes, I recommend the Ian Hong House in the centre. Should I reserve a table for you?
Yes please, I would like a table for 6 at 11:30 on Friday.|I have booked a table for 6 people on Friday at 11:30, your reference number is 452NKGSN.  Can I help you with anything else?
I need a hotel same price range as restaurant that includes free wifi and parking. Can you help with that too?|Sure, I can help you with that.  Were you looking for a specific area of town?
Well, let see. I am eating in the centre of town, so let me find a place in the centre.|Sorry, I'm not finding anything. Want to change your location?
Lets try a expensive price range|We have two hotels that fit your criteria.  One has 3 stars, the other 4.  Do you have a preference?
No preference really, just recommend one for me|Okay! How about University Arms Hotel on Regent Street?
Sure, does it have free wifi and free parking?|yes they have both internet and wifi
Great, thanks! What about free parking?|Yes they have free parking as well.
Thanks. And now could you also provide me with the address for that location?|Absolutely. The hotel is located on regent street.
thanks for the information. have a great day|Thank you for using our service!
Hi, I'm looking for a local upscale chinese restaurant.|There are 9 restaurants that meet your criteria. Want to try Yu Garden on 529 Newmarket Road Fen Ditton or a different one?
Actually, I'm looking for somewhere that's located near the centre. Could you recommend somewhere near there?|The Ugly Duckling restaurant is an expensive Chinese restaurant near the center of town. Would you like me to make a reservation for you?
Yes, please.|For how many people and at what time/day?
It's for 5 people and we want to eat at 13:30 on saturday.|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Reference number is : TZPTJJA5.
Great. Thank you so much for your help.|You are welcome. Have a good day!
Can you help me find a Russian restaurant?|I'm sorry, there are Russian restaurants. Do you have a secondary choice?
Yes, what about European type food?|Please wait a moment while I check for European restaurants for you
If you find a European restaurant, I would also like the address and phone number.|Cambridge lodge restaurant serves european food, their phone number is 01223 355166 and address is Cambridge Lodge Hotel 139 Huntingdon Road City Centre
Thank you. Good bye.|thank you good bye
Can you help me find a nice museum? I need to plan my trip to Cambridge.|There are several museums in town. What area are you interested in visiting?
The area doesn't matter, please just send me the address, entrance fee, and postcode for the most popular museum in the city.|My favorite is the Broughton House Gallery. They're at 98 King Street, cb11ln, and it's free to get in.
Wonderful! Can you also recommend a restaurant in the east for me?|Was there a type of cuisine you wanted to have?
Nope, I am open to anything.  Just something good.|There are 356 restaurants can you narrow it down ?
Okay, I'm looking for a restaurant that is in the East with an expensive price range. Will that work?|What kind of food would you like today?
Any kind of food is fine. I would need to book for 8 people at 19:30 on Friday, please. Also, can I have the reference number?|I would recommend  the Royal Standard a cool gastropub. Will that work?
Yes, please complete the booking with the specifications I mentioned in the previous turn|I've completed the booking, your reference number is HNO1RKPN. Anything else?
That is all I need today. Thank you.|You're welcome and enjoy your stay.
Hello, I am looking for a thai restaurant on the north side of town.|unfortunately there are no thai restaurants in the north, do you want to change an area to look for ?
how about west area? i also want the address, phone number, and price range?|sala thong servers thai food and is expensive in the west. their phone number is 01223323178 the address is 35 Newnham Road Newnham, it there anything I can help you with?
No, thank you.  Goodbye.|Enjoy your meal.
I want to find a restaurant in the south part of town serving singaporean food.|I'm sorry, there is not a restaurant serving singaporean food in the south part of town.  Would you like to try indian food?
Indian food of course and what is the phone number?|Taj Tandoori serves Indian food on the south part of town. Their number is 01223 412299. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No that will be all. Thank you, goodbye.|Thank you for using our system..good bye
I'm looking for a nice expensive restaurant in the south part of town|backstreet bistro is an nice expensive one.
Can you please let me know the address with the postcode and the phone number please?|Backstreet Bistro is at 2 Sturton Street City Centre, post code C.B 1, 2 Q.A. The phone number is 01223 306306.
Thank you.  That is all I needed to know.  Good bye.|Thank you for using our system. Good bye
Goodbye.|Have a nice day.
Are there trains leaving Cambridge after 18:15?|Yes. Can you help me narrow down the choices with a day to leave and destination?
I'm looking for one that goes to Stevenage on Saturday.|I have a train leaving at 19:21 and arriving at 20:10, if that works.
Yes, can you book three tickets on it, please?|Booking was successful, the total fee is 30.72 GBP payable at the station .
Reference number is : S74F7IZS.
Great! Can you help me find a cheap restaurant that serves the americas food?|I do not show any restaurants that fit that criteria. Do you have any other preferences?
I just need something with American food.|I have found Gourmet Burger Kitchen, they serve north American food, although they are expensive. Would you be interested in booking here?
No thank you, I am just gathering information for now|Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Can I have the address for the restaurant.|Absolutely!  The Gourmet Burger Kitchen is located on Regent Street.  Would you like the phone number?  Or anything else?
If there's no cheap American food restaurant, can you recommend a cheap restaurant that serves Chinese food?|Certainly, there's Charlie Chan in the centre area that serves cheap Chinese food. Would you like more information or to book it?
I'm looking for information on a placed called riverboat georgina.|Hello. The Riverboat Georgina is located in the North area at the Jubilee House. The phone number is 01223902091. Can I answer anything else for you?
What type of attraction is it? And the address?|Riverboat Georgina is a boat, their office is at Cambridge Passenger Cruisers, Jubilee House.
i am also looking for a restaurant in the north that serves african food|I have nothing African in that area. do you have another choice ?
I guess Indian food would work .|There are 2 one is moderately priced and one is cheap. Which do you prefer?
How about the moderately priced one. I will need their postcode and phone number as well.|Okay. Their phone number is 01223360966. The postcode is cb41uy. Can I help with anything else?
Yes, please. I need a taxi to take me from the restaurant to The Riverboat Georgina and I would need to leave the restaurant by 12:30.|What time would you like to arrive by?
When does the Riverboat Georgina depart? I'd like to have time to walk around the area and explore a bit.|I'm sorry I don't have that information but I can tell you it is located at cambridge passenger cruisers, jubilee house.
I also need to find a restaurant in the north serving African food.|I'm afraid that I did not find any. Would you like to try a different area or cuisine?
I'm sorry, you already located an Indian restaurant. You gave me the post code and phone number. What is the name of the restaurant?|The restaurant is named the nirala.
Great! Now I just need a taxi to take me from the restaurant to the boat. I want to leave the restaurant by 12:30.|You're gonna be expecting a black lexus . Their contact number is 07528633528
That's all I need, thanks so much for all of your help! Have a great day!|Have a great day also. Take care. Goodbye.
Hi there, I'm hoping you can help me find a hotel in the south of Cambridge.|The Lensfield hotel, which is expensive is the only hotel in South Cambridge.  Will this work for you?
no, I need a moderately priced place that doesn't need have free wifi or parking in the area of south, thank you|There are guesthouses available in the South Cambridge area moderately priced that have free wi-fi and parking. Would you like to hear more about them?
Yes i would love to hear more information about them. Thank you.|Alright the aylesbray lodge guest house	 is a 4 star guest house. Does that interest you?
Sure. May I have the address?|Sure, the aylesbray lodge guest house is located at 5 mowbray road. Can I be of any further assistance today?
I also need a place to dine that is in the same area and price range as the hotel.|I have the Pizza Hut that is moderately priced in the South and also Restaurant Alimentum that serves modern European food. Any interest you?
Hmm, I was looking for Fusion type food, are there any that have that?|I'm sorry, there isn't. Can I provide you information on a different type of cuisine?
Yes, are there any good Indian restaurants?|There is one expensive Indian restaurant in the South: Taj Tandoori. Would you like to make a reservation?
Great can I get their phone number, address, and postcode|Absolutely! The Taj Tandoori is located at 64 Cherry Hinton Road Cherry Hinton. Their postcode is cb17aa. The phone number to reach them is 01223412299. Would you like a reservation?
Not at this time. Thank you for the information! Good-bye|You're welcome.  Please let us know if you need assistance with anything else.  Thanks!
Hi, I'm trying to find a good place to eat. I heard about restaurant alimentum. What can you tell me about it?|They are a great modern european restaurant located in the south. They are moderately priced. They are located on 152-154 Hills Road. Can I reserve a table for you?
I am not quite ready to reserve a table, but may I have the phone number for this European restaurant?|Their phone number is 01223413000
Thank you. I also need to find a place to stay in the East.|What sort of place to dine would you prefer?
I am looking for a moderate priced guesthouse with a 4 star rating in the east.|I have found three moderately priced guesthouses in the east with four star ratings.   Would you like me to book one for you?
Can you just get me the phone number, address, and postcode for the one you recommend?|the a and b guest house's number is 01223315702, the postcode and address is cb12dp at 124 tenison road. Anything else?
That's all, thank you very much!|You're very welcome! Have a great day!
Hi, I'm looking for an Indian restaurant. I'd prefer something on the west side.|I have found 6 restaurants meeting your criteria. Rice boat is a good choice. Would you like me to book you a table?
I'm looking for something in the fine dining price range, so the place should be expensive.  Are there any that fit that criteria?|Absolutely, there are a few choices.  How about Tandoori Palace on Histon Road?
That sounds good. may I have their postcode, address, and phone number?|Sure.  Tandoori is located at 68 Histon Road Chesterton in postcode cb43le.  Their phone number is 01223506055.  Can I book it for you?
No, that's fine.|Ok, will there be anything else I can assist you with?
No, I think that's everything. Thank you.|You're welcome. Have a nice day!
I'm looking for something to do in the Centre.|The centre is very popular. Is there a certain kind of attraction you are interested in?
I would like to try local restaurants.|great, any cuisine you're craving?
Actually the restaurant I have in mind is  shanghai family restaurant.|Great.  Shanghai Family Restaurant is moderately priced and located in the centre area of the city.  Would you like me to book you a table?
Yes, please book it for friday for 6 people at 15:00.|Booked it for you!  Your reference number is: D6X7SUKP.  They will reserve your table for 15 minutes.
Can you help me book a taxi to the restaurant?|What is your departure site, and what time would you like the taxi?
I need to arrive in time for my reservation.|Great are you arriving from a hotel, an attraction or perhaps the police station or hospital?
I will be arriving from the train.|Ok.  I booked  a taxi from the cambridge train station arriving at the restaurant in time for you 15:00 reservation.  Is that correct?
I need the contact number and car type.|The car type is grey ford and the number is 07121585263. Would that be all?
Yes that's all I needed.|Okay, I hope you enjoy your stay!
Can you get me information on a place called kymmoy?|Kymmoy is a restaurant serving expensive Asian Oriental cuisine in the city centre. It's address is 52 Mill Road City Centre, postcode cb12as, and it's phone is 01223311911. Anything else?
Can you book a table for 5 people at 18:45 on tuesday.|Done! The table is reserved for 15 minutes. The reference number is N7833WX5. Is there anything that I can help you with?
No that is it. Thank you.|You are welcome.  Enjoy your dinner.  Goodbye.
Hello I am looking for a restaurant called J restaurant|J restaurant is an asian oriental restaurant in the centre of town. It is cheap and located at 86 Regent Street City Centre.
That sounds great.  Can you reserve a table for 2 for Sunday at 13:15?|Absolutely, your reservation's been made. Your reference number is YAHBIZR5. Can I help you with something else?
I am also looking for a place to stay in the east that includes free wifi.|There are several hotels of that nature. What is your price range?
I'm looking for something cheap with free parking.|Hotel allenbell is what I found that is cheap and has parking.
Could you get the postcode for Hotel Allenbell for me?|The postcode is cb13js.  Would you like to get a room reserved?
Yes, please reserve the room.|What day will you be checking in, and how many will you stay for?  I assume it is for 2 people?
Actually, on second thought. I should book it later. But, can you book me a taxi from Allenbell to J Restaurant. I need to be there by 13:15.|Your taxi was booked! The car type will be blue ford and the contact number is 07646890093.
Thanks, I think that's all I need. Could you just confirm whether the Allenbell is a Hotel or a Guest House?|Allenbell is a guesthouse.
Thank you. That will be everything today. Goodbye.|You're welcome. Have a great day. Goodbye.
I need to find a hotel in the center with free wifi included in their rates.|I've found 5 hotels. How about El Shaddai?
Sorry, I should mention that I'm looking for a hotel with a 0 star rating. Would the El Shaddai still be appropriate?|Yes it is. Would you like more information or help booking a stay?
Yes. Please book a stay for 7 people. We need to stay 3 nights, starting on Thursday.|I was unable to complete your booking. Would you like to try and book for another day or for a shorter stay?
Can I try to book for 1 night then?|I was able to book that for one night. Your reference number is TIYZB85M. Can I assist you with anything else?
Could you please tell me how to get to the restaurant Saffron Brasserie from the hotel?|Would you like for me to book you a taxi that will pick you up from the hotel and take you to the restaurant
No thank you but can you book me a table for 7 at 15:15 on Thursday?|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Your Reference number is UE2PF54A.
On second thought, I do want to book a taxi to Saffron Brasserie in time for my table. Can you provide the contact number and car type?|Sure. The taxi will be a yellow skoda and the contact number is 07810050252. Do you need anything else?
No, that's all. Thank you!|Have a wonderful day!
I would like to find a restuarant called La Raza. Will you help me?|I found a Spanish restaurant by that name at the address of 4 to 6 Rose Crescent. Shall I make you a reservation?
Yes.  I need a reservation for 6 people on wednesday at 17:45.|I can make the reservation for you now.
Yes that would be great and if there isn't a booking for Wednesday I can also do Tuesday. I will need a reference number with that.|I was able to book Wednesday at 17:45 for you. Your reference number is 1R8RR9NS.
I am also looking for some information about queen's college.|Okay, I can help you with that. queens' college is located on the West side and their phone number is 01223335511. There's a 2.50 pound entrance fee though
Can I get the postcode please?|Yes, the postcode for the college is cb39et.
Could I also have the address of the College?|It is located on silver street.
thank you for your help!|Is there anything else I can assist you with?
no that is enough for today|OKay, have a great day.
Can you tell me about any german restaurants in the east part of the city?|I'm not finding a German restaurant in the east part of town. Would you like me to try other parts of town?
yes please. tell me if there are other restaurants in the east as well.|There are 9 restaurants in the east, including british, chinese, gastropub, indian, international and italian. Do you need more information?
Indian sounds good.|There are four Indian restaurants in the east part of town ranging from moderate to expensive. Do you have a preference?
Can you book a table at your favorite expensive one? There will be 4 of us at 15:15 on Friday.|the sitar tandoori seems appropriate. i have booked it for you.
i am also looking for a place to stay|I'm sorry, I forgot to confirm your reservation at Pipasha Restaurant.  The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Reference number : CF1YTOAV.  What type of hotel would you like?
Expensive hotel, free wifi and parking, 4 star, please.|I have two hotels that fit your criteria. Huntingdon Marriott Hotel is located in the west, and the University Arms Hotel is in the centre. Which would you prefer?
How about Huntingdon Marriott Hotel? I need a reservation for 4 people for 3 nights starting on Friday.|Ok.  I reserved those rooms for you.  Your reference number is FWZ4XMJO.
Thanks, that's all I needed today. Goodbye!|Have a lovely visit. Goodbye.
Can you help me find some local restaurants to dine in during my visit to Cambridge?|Certainly, do you have an area, pricerange, or food type?
Something near the attraction primavera would be nice. Where is that located?|The Primavera is located in the centre area.  I'll be happy to find a restaurant in that area for you.  What type of food would you like?
What is the phone number for The Primavera?|The Primavera can be reached at 01223357708
I also want to dine at a moderate restaurant in the center area.|What price range are you looking for?
I would like something in the moderate price range.|I would suggest the varsity restaurant.
I need it for 1 on 11:30 Tuesday.|Okay, I've made the reservation for 1 at the varsity restaurant on tuesday at 11:30. The reference number is AXLJBTF7
I also want a taxi to go between those two places.|Ok great and what times do you prefer?
I don't care about the departure time, I just need to be at the restaurant by the booked time.|Your are all set, look for a grey volkswagon, if there are issues, the driver can be reached at 07015859463, can I assist with anything else?
That is all thanks.|welcome and thanks for using our services
Could you help me find an Austrian restaurant please?|I'm sorry but there are no Austrian restaurants. Is there another type that might interest you?
Darn, I was really hoping to find a cheap Austrian restaurant. Would you mind checking one more time?|I'm so sorry but there doesn't seem to be any restaurants in the city that offer austrian food. Can I look for another cuisine style for you?
Ok, how about a cheap Chinese restaurant?|We have four cheap Chinese restaurants. Are you interested in the south or centre area?
I am interested in the centre area.|The golden house is a cheap chinese restaurant in the center area. Would you like me to reserve a table for you?
Yes, that would be great. I'd like a table for 3 on Saturday at 18:30.|There doesn't seem to be any availability for Saturday at 18:30. Does another time or day work for you?
Sure, try 17:30.|I was able to make your reservation for 17:30. Your reference number is VGGQ2AP9. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No that will be all.|Excellent. Have a good rest of your day.
Hi there, I'm looking for information on Darry's Cookhouse and Wine Shop.|That restaurant is locates in centre and is on 40270 king street in city centre. Their phone number is 01223505015.
Sounds great.  Can you reserve a table for 1 on Saturday at 13:00?|Your Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Reference number is : A88AJSR3.
Wonderful. Can you also help me find a cool place to visit in town, maybe a theatre?|We have five excellent theatres in town, located in the centre and the south.
Can you give me the address, phone number and postcode for one in the centre area?|adc theatre can be called at 01223300085. Their postcode is cb58as, and their address is park street. Anything else today?
Yes, I also need a taxi to take me between the two places.|Sure,  i can book a taxi for you.  Where would you be leaving from?
I will be leaving from the theatre.|I'd be happy to help with your request, what time would you like picked up?
I will need to arrive at the restaurant by 13:00.|Your all set a grey bmw will be picking you up the contact number is 07421029087, anything else today?
what time will the taxi arrive?|13:00 can i do anything else ?
No, that's all for today. Thanks for your help. Goodbye.|Have a safe trip. Goodbye.
I am looking for a Cuban food place, in the east.|I am sorry but there aren't any restaurants matching your criteria. Can I help you with something else?
Can you check again? The only thing I'm interested in is a moderately priced Cuban restaurant in the east.|I apologize I am still not showing any restaurants that meet your criteria.  Is there another type of cuisine you would prefer?
Do you have a moderately priced Indian restaurant in the east?|Yes I have 2. Curry Prince and Rajmahal.
I will try the Curry Prince. Can you book a table for 4 people on Monday at 17:30?|I apologize booking was unsuccessful.   Would you like me to try Rajmahal
Yes, try that.|I have you at Rajmahal, Reference number is : T44KC552. Anything else you need?
No, thank you. You have been very helpful.  Have a great day.|Here is the address and the phone number: 7 Barnwell Road Fen Ditton, 01223244955.
Thanks again for helping to find me a place to eat. I have the reference number T44KC552.|Enjoy your meal at the rajmahal. Have a great day.
Do you have any restaurants in the center of town that serve The Americas cuisine?|No, sorry. Would you like to try searching for a different location or cuisine?
how about one that serves modern European food?|There are 4 places that server Modern European cuisine in Centre.  Do you have a particular price range in mind or would you like a suggestion?
Price doesn't matter. I would like to book a table for 7 people at 13:00 on Sunday.|I made you a reservation for 7 on Sunday at 13:00 at riverside brasserie. Your reference is DYYUTE3X and the table will be held for 15 minutes
Thank you, that is nice.|Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, I'm also looking for somewhere to visit in the same area as the restaurant.|I have found 44 attractions in the area you will be at. Do you have a specific thing you would like to do?
I would love to look at Cambridge's architecture. Is this possible?|Great, I recommend All Saints Church in the centre. They offer free admission. Would you like more info?
Can you tell me their address?|The address is jesus lane
I will a taxi also to make sure I get to the restaurant on time.|I booked a taxi from All Saints Church to Riverside Brasserie arriving before your reservation. It is a red BMW and the contact number is 07880762329.
Thanks so much.  That will be all for today. Take care.|Thank you and enjoy your time with us!
Hi Can you help me find a restauant in the west side of the city?>|What type of cuisine or price range would you prefer?
i dont care the type of cuisine but can you find me something in the west?|Meghna is a nice indian restaurant in the west part of town.
Ok, and the phone number and address?|The phone number for Meghna is 01223 727410 and is located at 205 Victoria Road Chesterton
Ok, thank you|You're welcome. Enjoy your meal!
I'm looking for a restaurant serving sri lanken food in the south.|Unfortunately, we do not have any restaurants in the city that offer sri lankan food. Is there a different type of cuisine you want to try?
How about a chinese restaurant?|I have 3 chinese restaurants in the south. The lucky star is a favorite of mine.
That sounds good, can I get the address, phone number and price range please?|The phone is 01223244277and the address is Cambridge Leisure Park Clifton Way Cherry Hinton.  Would you like to book a table now?
Could I get a price range for the restaurant first? Could I also get a short list of nearby attractions to the restaurant you recommend?|I'm sorry, it's in the cheap price range. Nearby you have Cineworld Cinema, Nusha, Tenpin, Byard Art, The Place, The Junction, and two parks. Did you want to book that table?
I'd like to find a attraction in the same area of town as the restaurant.  Can I get the attraction type and entrance fee?|cineworld cinema is a cinema, and there is no information available on the entrance fee. The phone number is, 00872208000 if you'd like to call them to find out.
Ok I need to get a taxi|What is your departure and arrival sites?
I'm going from the  cinema to the restaurant.  I want to leave the cinema by 16:30.|For how many people?
It will only be me.|Booking completed! A white lexus will be picking you up. Their Contact number is 07650851838.  Can I help with anything else today?
That's going to be it, thanks for your help.|Thank you for contacting us have a nice day.
Hi, I am looking for a north Indian restaurant in the town centre?|I've found 9 restaurants that match what you're looking for. Would you like me to go through them?
One in the moderate price range would be good. Can you find one for me?|I am sorry there are non in the moderate price range,I have a few in the cheap price range,would that be okay?
No, in that case I think I would prefer to try a place that serves international food.|I have 2 restaurants that meet your needs: The Varsity Restaurant on Saint Andrews St. and Bloomsbury Restaurant on Downing Street.
Okay, how about The Varsity .. I'd like a table for four on Thursday at 12:30.|Booking was unsuccessful, want to try another restaurant??
Yes. I'd like the same area and price range.|Okay I was able to get you into the Bloomsbury and your reference number is 6BOHROUH.
Thank you, that will be just fine.|You're very welcome! Don't hesitate to call if you would like help finding other attractions.
I would like a cheap restaurant in the north part of town|There are two cheap restaurants in the north part of town. Would you prefer italian or indian?
I don't care.|I suggest Da Vinci Pizzeria. They serve great Italian food. Would you like their contact information?
What is the address?|The address for Da Vinci Pizzeria is 20 Milton Road Chesterton.  Would you like any additional information?
Thank you goodbye.|You're welcome and thanks for your call today! Bye bye.
Hi, could you help me find a train going to Cambridge?|Where and when are you departing from?
I am leaving from London Kings Cross after 14:15.|What day would you like to leave?
I would like to leave on Friday|Is there a time you would like to arrive by?
Arrival time is not important. I just need to leave after 14:15. I will need the train ID and the price, please.|I think you'd like TR8842 train, it costs 23.60 pounds.
Thanks, it would be helpful if you also told me what time TR8842 leaves. Anyhow, I just got paid. Can you find me a high-end eatery serving European cuisine?|Train TR8842 leaves london kings cross at 15:17 on friday and arrives at cambridge at 16:08. Can I provide you more information or book it for you?
No thank you. I'll just need the address for an expensive restaurant that serves European food.|which side of town is most appropriate for you?
I don't have a preference really, please recommend one.|How about the eraina located at Free School Lane City Centre. Would you like reservations?
no. i just need the address|its address is 01223368786. is that it?
I'm sorry, but I think you gave me the phone number. I need the address, please.|Sorry! As I said, it's at Free School Lane City Centre. Can I help you with anything else?
No, that's it. Thank you.|Have a lovely day, goodbye.
I'm looking for a restaurant called Saffron Brasserie. What can you tell me about it?|It is a indian restaurant in the centre area.  It is expensive and the phone number is 01223354679. Do you need reservations?
Yes please make a reservation for two.  Also provide me with a postcode and phone number.  Thank you!|Please specify the day and time you want your booking to be made.
I think I will book it myself instead, can I get the phone number and post code so I can though?|Yes the postcode is cb21la and the phone number is 01223354679. Is there anything else I can help with today?
I am also looking for info an places to go, more specifically colleges in the centre area.|There are five in the area.  Did you have any specific requirements you were looking for?
No could you recommend one please?|How about Downing college on Regent Street?  It's free and located in the centre area.
That sounds great. Can you book me a taxi to go between the two?|I am getting the info in, I need a time of day though to get a taxi.
I would like to leave downing college by 06:45.|The taxi has been booked. The taxi taking you to your destination will be a red Toyota. The number to contact them is 07987423433. Anything else I can help you with?
No, that's all I needed. Thanks a bunch!|I'm glad I was able to help today!
Hi, can you help me find a train that leaves after 18:45 Monday?|Can you tell me where you want to depart from and want to go to?
I am leaving cambridge to go to london liverpool street.|Is there a time you would like to arrive by?
No preference on arrival. As long as it leaves after 18:45.|How many tickets do you need?
I just need one ticket.|The TR0117 leaves at 19:59 and arrives at 21:27. Would you like me to book it on this train?
That's all I needed about the train I also need some information on a restaurant called The Gandhi|Your search engine does not include the restaurant I've inquired about.
Uhm? Do you have any info about the Gandhi? I'd like the phone number, address, and area.|The Gandhi is located at 72 Regent Street City Center and offers cheap Indian cuisine.
Do you have the phone number of the restaurant? Also, what area of town is it in?|The Gandhi is in the city centre, and their phone number is 01223353942. Can I help with anything else today?
Yes could I also have their address?|Sure. The address is 72 Regent Street City Centre. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
That will be all, thank you very much.|Thank you for contacting Cambridge TownInfo centre.  I hope you have a pleasant trip!  Goodbye!
I would like a moderately prices restaurant in the East part of town. I would like the phone number and postcode, please.|We have 3 matching your request in the East part of town. Do you prefer Indian or Italian?
I don't care.|There is Pizza Hut Fen Ditton, their phone number is Cambridge Retail Park Newmarket Road Fen Ditton and postal code is C.B 5, 8 W.R.
Could you recommend a Chinese restaurant for me to try?|Sure I have them in all price ranges all over the city. Do you have an area you prefer?
The centre of the city, with a moderate price range, please.|Okay, I was able to find 3 restaurants for your preference. I have jinling noodle bar, Ian hong house, and shanghai family restaurant... is there any preference on one of these?
No, I don't have a preference, I would like a reservation on Sunday at 11:15 for three people.|Unfortunately I was not able to book that restaurant.
How about for 10:15?|I was able to get you a table for 3 on Sunday at 10:15 at the Shanghai Family Restaurant. Your reference number is SFWTQUB7. Is there anything else?
No, thank you. That is all for today.|Thank you. Have a great day, goodbye.
I need a hotel with free wifi and free parking, thank you|Allenbell is cheap and has free internet.
I'm looking for something in the moderate price range actually.|Archway House is a moderately priced 4 star hotel in the North. Would you like to make a reservation?
Yes please book the Archway House.|I'd be happy to book for you. How many people will be staying, what is your arrival day, and how many nights are you staying?
I will be arriving on tuesday and I need to book the room for four nights for three people.|Ok. I've booked that guesthouse for you. Your reference number is YBT4JRTR. Can I help with anything else?
Yes, I would also l like to find a splendid, moderately-priced place to dine in the centre. That would be just wonderful if you could help me out with that!|There are several moderately priced restaurant in the centre area. Would you like a certain type of food?
I'd like an Italian restaurant, please.|Pizza express Fen Ditton would be perfect for you guys then! Would you like more information or for me to book that for you?
Yes, just give me the address please.|Pizza Express Fen Ditton is located at Jesus Lane Fen Ditton. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes. I would like to leave the restaurant by 11:15 and I would like to book a taxi to commute between the hotel and the restaurant.|Not a problem! I booked a taxi to depart the restaurant by 11:15. The car type is a blue skoda and the contact number is 07621131070.
Thank you very much! That's all I need today!|You are very welcome. Have a great day.
I am looking for a place in the centre of town that serves Thai food.|Bangkok city serves Thai food in the centre of town. Would you like their phone number or address?
Of course|Bangkok City is located in 24 Green Street City Centre and their phone number is 01223 354382.
Thank you. Goodbye.|Thank you for using our system. Good bye
I am looking for an expensive restaurant that serves Korean food. I would like the address and area, please.|The Little Seoul fits fits your price request. It is located at 108 Regent Street City Centre.
Thank You.|thank you good bye
Thank you, goodbye.|Thank you, goodbye.
I need finding a Portuguese restaurant|Okay let's find one for you. I've got two in town. One's in the south and one is in the centre. Both are nandos locations.
I don't have a preference for location but it does need to be cheap.|Both restaurants are cheap, if you are interested in a more expensive restaurant would you like me to check a different type of food?
no, i want one of those two restaurants.|nandos is definitely going to be the cheapest. It's the south side and I can get you a reservation there if you want.
Yes, please set a reservation for me.|What day and time do you want to make the reservation? Also, how many people are in your party?
Please book a table for 8 people at 14:15 on Tuesday.|I will book that for you now.
Ok thank you for your help and I need a reference number|Your reference number is : CE5BU114. What else can I help you with?
I also need a train for Tuesday that arrives by 10:45.|Where will you be departing? And where is your destination?
i am leaving from norwich and going to cambridge.|I can put you on the tr0627 it will get there a little early at 9:55, how many tickets would you like?
same group of 8 people.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 140.8 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : BMSH4XDW. Anything else?
That is all thanks.|Do you need help finding attractions or booking a taxi? I can assist you.
No that is it. Thank you.|You're welcome. Have a great day!
Hello, I would love to try a few local restaurants and am looking for a hotel with free parking and 0 stars.|There aren't any 0 star hotels in Cambridge. Would you be interested in a different place to stay?
Are there any 0 star ratings in the west?  I'm looking for a cheap hotel basically!|I have the cambridge belfry in west. It is a 4 star but cheap price.
Yes, I think that might be a good choice. Can you make a booking for me?|Yes can i get your booking information please.
I am wanting either a hotel or guesthouse with a 0 star rating that has free parking. And I want it to be cheap in the west. Can you check that?|we got none in that class. maybe you should look up the 4 star one.
I am sorry. I would not mind one that is in the centre, cheap, and 0 star. Can we try that?|There is a guesthouse in the centre which has 0 stars and in the cheap price range. It is called el shaddai. Would you like me to book that for you?
Can you book for 2 nights, 6 people starting Tuesday?  I need a reference number.  Looking to get modern American food in same area and price range.|Your room has been booked. The reference number is K4CLW7QT.
I also need a restaurant. Same area as the hotel please.|What type of food would you like?
Is there any modern American restaurant?|Im not showing any restaurants that meet that criteria. Would you like to try another area or type of cuisine?
Can you check for an Italian restaurant instead?|We have nine choices, any preferences on price?
I'm looking for a cheap place.|I can recommend ask.
Then I would like to make a reservation for 6 people for Tuesday at 16:00.|Great! Your reservation was successful and your reference number is SY7C0RH7.
I am looking for a moderately priced restaurant in the south part of town.|There are two moderately priced restaurants in the south. Would you prefer Italian or Modern European?
May I have the address and phone number of the Italian restaurant?|That would be the Pizza Hut Cherry Hinton at G4 Cambridge Leisure Park Clifton Way Cherry Hinton, and they can be reached at 01223 323737. Can I help you with anything else today?
Thank you goodbye.|Thank you, goodbye!
Hi I need to find a place to dine serving Vietnamese food in the cheap price range.|Thanh Binh is a restaurant serving Vietnamese food in the cheap price range.
Thank you!|You're welcome
Can you book me a table for 7 people at 12:00 on saturday?|Okay, got it. Your table has been reserved. The reference number is U2OY8B4T.
Thanks so much!|Thank you have a great day.
I need to find an attraction to visit in town.|There ar lots of choices. Were there any attractions in particular you are looking for?
Yes, I would like a college type of attraction please.|Sure! I'd suggest Christ's College in the Centre on Saint Andrew's Street. It has free entrance. Would that work for you?
Yes that will work I need the postcode and address please.|Postcode is cb23bu and the address is saint andrew's street. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I also need a restaurant. Portuguese, if possible.|Okay we have two, nandos and nandos city centre. Do you have a preference?
I would prefer one in the South.|Nandos is the way to go, then. I've heard wonderful things about their food, too, so I think you'll be pleased. Would you like to reserve a table?
No reservation is needed yet, but can I please get the phone number and address please?|Their phone number is 01223327908, and they are located at Cambridge Leisure Park Clifton Way.
Great thanks. I think thats really all I need today. Take care. Goodbye.|It was my pleasure to assist you. Have a good evening.
I'd like a Kosher restaurant that's in the moderate price range.|I'm sorry, there is not a kosher restaurant in the moderate price range.  Would you like to try something else?
How about asian oriental food?|Yippee Noodle Bar is a moderately priced restaurant serving asian oriental food.
What is the address and phone number?|Yippee Noodle Bar's phone number is 01223 518111. Their address is 40428 King Street City Centre
thank you, goodbye|You're welcome.
I am looking for a hotel on the west side that gives free wifi.|There are four different hotels in that area that offer free wifi, did you have a price range or star rating that you prefer?
I'd like a zero star hotel that has wifi.|We don't have a 0 star hotel that matches your preferences. Would you like to try something else?
Sure, let's look for a 4 star hotel instead.|I see three matching locations. Do you have a particular hotel type or price range in mind?
As long as it's 4 star that's all I just need one for 5 people for 4 nights starting monday.|How about the cambridge belfry? It's in the cheap price range.
OK, lets give it a try.|Would you like to book the hotel now?
Yes, please book the hotel.|I am sorry, that hotel is unavailable for you requested information. Would you like to book another day or shorter stay?
Yes how about 1 night|You are booked for 1 night. Your reference number is AX7FQ3NR. Would you like to find a hotel for the other nights?
Yes, where can I find a hotel for 4 nights and 5 people, Tuesday through Friday?|I was able to find you a booking at the cambridge belfy for 5 people tuesday through friday.
That's ok. I do need to find a moderately priced Austrian restaurant though.|I apologize, there are no moderately prices Austrian restaurants. Is there another type of food, or price range I can check for you?
How about one that serves British food? Get me an area and address if possible.|Sure, De Vere University Arms Regent Street City Centre is the address for restaurant one seven
Ok, that sounds great.|Would you like me to make a reservation for restaurant one seven?
No that's fine. I'm good. Thank you.|Is there anything else I can help you with?
Not right now.  Thank you for your help.  Bye.|You're welcome! We hope you enjoy your trip!
I am looking for college attractions in the centre.|We have 13 colleges in the centre, and most have free entry, such as Christ's College.
Great, can you give me the phone number and postcode of Christ's college?|Of course, the phone number is 01223334900, and the post code is cb23bu.
Also want to find someplace to eat.  Want to be in the cheap price range and in the same area of town.|How About Chinese?
I was thinking more on the lines of afghan food.  Do you have any listings for that?|I am afraid I don't. Would you like to try a different area or cuisine?
Could you check fr mediterranean please?|The Gardenia is a Mediterranean restaurant in the centre of town, would you like to make a reservation?
I will need it for three, at noon, on Thursday.|I am sorry, but the Gardenia does not have any openings for noon on Thursday for 3 people. Would you like for me check a different time for you?
How about at 11:00?|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : RBZGP3RX. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, thank you, that should be all.|you are welcome to use our services anytime.
I need to book a train on friday|where are you wanting to go to?
I want to get to Cambridge by 10:15.|Great.  I can help you with that.  Where were you going to be departing from?
I am departing from Bishops Stortford.|The TR2083 will take you from Bishops Sortford to Cambridge. It departs on Friday at 09:29 and you'll arrive in Cambridge at 10:07. Would you like me to book it?
No but I also need and expensive restraint in the center area.|What type of food would you be interested in?
molecular gastronomy|I do not have any of that sort of food. Shall I try another?
Yes, please try Italian food.|Might I suggest clown's cafe? It's an expensive indian restaurant located in the centre.
That would be great, could you get me the phone number, address, and postcode please?|I'm confused, are you interested in Indian or Italian food?
I definitely want italian food, please.|OK, would you like more info on clowns cafe to a booking?
phone number, address and postcode please|The clowns cafe is located at 54 King Street City Centre. Their postcode is cb11ln and they can be reached at 01223355711. Will that be all today?
That is all thank you.|im happy i was able to help. gooday
Good day to you as well. Again, thank you so much. Good-bye.|Please reach out to us again, if we can be of further assistance. Good-bye.
I'm looking for a place to eat in the centre in the moderate price range.|We have 21 options using those requirements. Do you have a preference for any particular cuisine?
I really like British cuisine that is in the center of town.|One of my favorites that fits your preferences is The Oak Bistro.  There food is wonderful.  Is this a restaurant that you may be interested in?
Yes.  Are you able to make reservations for 4 people at 20:00 on Saturday?|I've made your booking. Your reference number is L6STCUZA. Is there anything else I can help with?
i also need a place to stay|Sure, what are you looking for?
I'm looking for a 4 star guesthouse.|Great! Do you have a price range you'd like to stay in or a location that you prefer?
I'm looking for a place in the moderate price range and i need free parking.|the acorn guesthouse is nice, when will you planning your stay?
do they have free wifi? And I need their phone #|They do have free wifi and their phone number is  01223353888.  Is there anything else you need to know?
What area are they located in?|They're in the north end of town. Would you like to book a reservation?
No I'll take care of that later. But can you arrange a taxi for me? Going from the hotel to The Oak Bistro.|I'll need to know when you want to leave or arrive.
I just need to get to the restaurant for my dinner reservation on Saturday.|I have you booked in a white audi to be at the Oak Bistro by 20:00. The cab contact number is 07934977306.
Ok, I think that's it. Thanks for your help.|You are most welcome.  Have a great day.
Can you help me find a 4 star hotel to stay at?|Sure, do you prefer the west or the centre part of Cambridge?
I don't care about the area but I need it to be cheap with free wifi.|The cambridge belfry is available. Would you like me to book you a room?
Yes, please. I need four nights starting Sunday, for two people.|Done! Your reference number is CU4LPL6C. Do you need help with anything else?
I'm also looking for a place to eat in the city centre. maybe bistro food?|Sorry there are no restaurants in the centre of town serving bistro food.
Okay. What about one that serves seafood instead?|loch fyne is an expensive place that serves sea food. can we book?
Yes. Let's say 15:00 on the same day, with the same group of people.|Okay I have done that and their reference number is H2OPFSBQ.
Thanks, lastly, I need a taxi to take me to the restaurant from the hotel, I want to get there before the booked time.|Your taxi will be a red audi. Should you need to contact them, the number is 07971260313.
Thank you, have a nice day.|You're welcome. And thank you, you, too!
im looking for a place that serves morden european food and with a cheap price range|There is one restaurant that serves modern european at a cheap price, it is the river bar steakhouse and grill in the centre of town.  Would you like more information?
Could you book me a table there for 1 on Friday at 11:45?|OK, you have a table for 1 at The River Bar, reference #G2XQJ7B5. Can I help you with anything else today?
I am also looking for a place to go for some entertainment in the east. Any Recommendations?|How about the Funky Fun House on Mercers Row?
Sure, can you give me the address, phone number and entrance fee. Thanks.|You can call them at 01223304705. The address is 8 mercers row, mercers row industrial estate. Their entrance fee is unlisted
Great, thanks for that. Are you able to also book me a taxi so I can commute between the two places?|Yes, what time are you wanting to leave?
Well before 11:45 to make sure I don't miss the reservation would be good.|I have reserved you a taxi. they will be in a blue audi with the phone number 07033607984 if there is any issues.
Thanks, that's all I needed today. Goodbye!|Okay, you are so welcome! Bye!
Please find a restaurant that serves Latin American food.|I'm sorry I couldn't find a Latin American restaurant is there another type of food you'd like?
Is there a British restaurant in the center of town?|There isn't, I'm sorry, could there be anything else?
Oh no, my friend told me there was a really great British place in the centre. Can you double check?|We have wonderful British restaurants in the center of town! My favorite is The Cambridge Chop House, but it's a little expensive.
Sounds great.  I want to book for 7 people on friday at 17:15.|Done! Your table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Your reference number is BMZ45SHV. Can I help you with anything else?
Thanks for the booking. Will you help me find an attraction in the centre near the restaurant? A swimmingpool would be ideal.|Parkside Pools is in that area. Their phone number is 01223446400.
Thanks, what is the address along with postcode? Also is there an entrance fee?|My computer is not showing anything regarding an entrance fee, I'm sorry about that. The address is Gonville Place, and the postcode is cb11ly. Anything else I can help you with?
That's alright. Can you book a taxi to take me from the pool to the restaurant in time for my reservation? And give me car type and contact number|I have booked a white tesla for you. Contact number: 07825756363. Does that take care of everything for you today, or did you want more help?
That is all I need, thank you for your help.|You're very welcome Let us know if you need anything else.
I need to know if there are any trains that go to Kings lynn?|Thre are many. When would you like to travel?
On Friday.  I want to leave in the evening after 19:45.|Tr3765 leaves Cambridge at 20:11.  Would you like some tickets?
Yes for two please.|Ok, I have your tickets for train TR3765 booked for you. The total fee is 19.6 GBP which is payable at the station. Your reference number is QK1CCHV5.
also looking for a place to dine,that is cheap and in the centre part of town|There are lots to choose from!  Is there a certain type of food you would like?
Asian Oriental food.|Dojo Noodle Bar ius a nice place, would you want me to book it for you?
Sounds delicious. Yes, for 13:45 on the same Friday for the two of us, please.|We have the 2 of you booked at Dojo Noodle Bar on that Friday at 1345. The reference number for your booking is R579XP9J.
Excellent, that's all I needed today. Goodbye!|Alright, have a wonderful time in Cambridge!
I'm looking for a moderately priced restaurant to eat at in the north.|I've found a Chinese restaurant and an Indian restaurant. Which one do you prefer?
Chinese would be great!|If you tell me a day and a time you would like to reserve, I can book that for you.
I would like a table for 8 people at 17:30 on Wednesday|Then booking was unsuccessful.   Would you like me to  try the Indian restaurant?
Okay, that sounds good. I'll need a reference number.|It's booked, your reference number is 5YBVERXA.
Thank you so much for your help.|No problem. I hope you have a great day. Good-Bye!
I'm looking for an expensive restaurant in the west.|I have about 9 different options for you. What type of food would you like to dine on?
I would prefer Caribbean food|I'm so sorry, but we don't have any Caribbean restaurants in that area.  Would you like a different type of food?  Or I could check a different area.
Do you show any Indian restaurants in that area?|Yes I have 5 in that area. I would like to suggest cocum. Would you like to make reservations?
That sounds great.  There will be 6 of us on Sunday for dinner.  Say, 19:15?|Great! Your table at cocum is booked. Your reference number is 1CQ2UX5F. Do you need help with anything else?
Yes, I'd also like to visit a museum.|There are 23 museums in Cambridge. Would you like to visit a museum near your restaurant in the west?
You can just choose the one you like best please and then tell me its postcode and area|Cafe jello gallery is in the west area. The post code is cb30af. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No that will be all thank you|You are most welcome, enjoy your visit!
Find me a train out of Cambridge to london kings cross|There are 70 results. Is there a certain day or time you'd like to leave?
I need it on Friday and it should arrive at London Kings Cross by 21:45.|TR1006 arrives at 19:51, would that work?
I guess that will work. Can you please make a booking for 3 people and when you are through may i also have the booking reference number.|Yes I have booked that for you and your reference number is E3M7QM9F.
i also need a place to dine.|Is there a particular cuisine or location that I can recommend for you?
Yes, British food in the West would be great!|Saint johns chop house serves british food in the west.
What is the phone number and postcode to Saint Johns Chop House?|01223353110 is the number.
May I have the postcode as well ?|Here you go cb30ad
Great, thanks very much, that's all I need!|You're welcome. Have a nice day!
I am looking for a very nice Thai restaurant in Cambridge.|I have 2 Thai restaurants in Cambridge, both are very expensive. I have one in West and the other in the Centre, do either of them sound good?
Please book a table for 15:45 on Thursday. I would like the thai restaurant in west cambridge.|How many people would you like a table booked for at Sala Thong?
7 people please.|Your reservation is booked. The reference number is L84LJ43R.
I also need to leave via train from cambridge after 9:15 on sunday, can you help me with that?|Sure!  Where will you be going?
I'll be heading to Broxbourne.|Alright, I see 14 trains here. Would you care for a booking?
I would like it booked and need the reference number.|Would train ID TR9580 leaving at 10:01 and arriving at 11:01 work for you? Would you like tickets for the same party of 7?
Yes, there are 7 of us who will be going.|I have you booked for 7 on that train, the reference number is PP68MYLF.
Great!! Thank you for all your help.|thank you and enjoy your stay in Cambridge!
Hi, i am looking for a middle eastern restaurant in the expensive price range.|I am sorry, there are no expensive middle eastern restaurants. Can I look in a different price range?
Yes, can we try a moderate price range.|Sorry there are no moderate middle eastern restaurants either. Do you want to try a different price range?
Hmm, how about Italian?  Expensive.|There are some great ones.  Do you have a preference for which part of town it is in?
Nope! Could you pick your favorite and book a table for me? 2 people at 12:30 on Tuesday, please.|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Reference number is : H9SV1U6G.
Awesome. Thanks for your assistance, that's all I need.|I am glad to be of service! Have a wonderful time in Cambridge!
I would like to stay in a guesthouse that has free parking while I'm in Cambridge. Thanks.|I have 21 options for you. What area would you like to stay in?
It can be anywhere as long as it has a 4 star rating.|That narrows it down to 16. Do you care about the price?
I would like a moderate price range.|There are nine guesthouses what part of town would you like
I'm not concerned with the area - can you recommend a nice place that fits with what I'm looking for?|I think you would like the acorn guesthouse.  Would you like me to book a room?
Yes I would like you to book it for me|What day would you like to stay on? And how many days? How many people?
book it for 7 people and 2 nights starting from sunday.|I have made those reservations and your reference number is ODO9D763.
thanks for your help. i appreciate.|Is there anything else I could assist you with today?
no that is it for now. thanks for helping|It was my pleasure. Have a nice day. Good bye.
I'm so hungry! Can you find me an expensive restaurant?|Well if your going to be in the centre then may I suggest kymmoy? They serve asian oriental
Actually, I'd prefer some good German food. Is there an expensive German restaurant in the city centre?|I don't have an expensive German restaurant in the centre. We could try a cheaper restaurant or in a different location if you like.
How about one that serves mediterranean food in the same parameters?|Yes, there are two! La Mimosa and Shiraz. Which one do you prefer?
I'd like to try La Mimosa. Could I get a table for 8 at 15:30 on Friday? A reference number would be great. Thank you|Your table is reserved for Friday, reference number 6HD6GFXN. Can I help you with anything else today?
How much should I expect the cost per person to be at this place?|I am not sure the exact price per person.
That's fine then.  Thank you for your help.|You're quite welcome, have a great day!
Hello, I am looking for a restaurant. The restaurant should be in the centre and should serve modern eclectic food.|There are no restaurants in that are would you like to try a different area?
Are there any other expensive restaurants in that area that may be nice to visit?|There are 33 entries for expensive restaurants in the centre. Would you like to hear some options?
Are any of them modern eclectic food?|No, there doesn't seem to be any modern eclectic places at all. Would you like a different type of cuisine?
Dang...How about some Thai food instead|As far as thai food goes, I happen to have one place. Good thing is they are very highly recommended. It is called Bangkok City. Would you like a reservation?
Yes, I'd like to book for 2 people at 16:45 on tuesday.|I'm sorry, but they seem to be all booked up at that time. Would you like to try a different day or time?
Can you try booking at 15:45?|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : 1NY7QJKY.
Fantastic, can you also find me a museum attraction?|There are several wonderful museums in town. Is there a specific area you prefer?
Any type would be fine I just need to know the area and entrance fee of one you would recommend.|Cambridge Contemporary Art is very nice. It's in the centre part of town, like the restaurant, and it's free to get in. Can I help you with anything else?
No, that is all. Goodbye.|Okay. Have a lovely day then.
Yes, I'd like some help looking for a particular restaurant. The name of the restaurant is Darrys Cookhouse and Wine Shop. I'd like to know where it's located and how expensive.|Certainly it is in the expensive price range and it is located at 40270 King Street City Center.
Perfect, could you make a reservation for 7 people at 17:00 on Sunday?|Unfortunately there are no reservations available at that time. Would you like me to look for another restaurant?
Yes, please look for a different restaurant in the same area and price range as Darrys Cookhouse.|How about Erania. It's a European resturant at Free School Lane City Centre.
What is the address,please?|Their address is free school lane city centre, would you like me to book that for you?
Yes, please book that for the same party and time on Sunday.|Thank you. Good-bye
I'm looking for a restaurant in the east.|There are nine restaurants in the east. Do you have a price range in mind?
I don't have a price range but I am looking for asian oriental cuisine. Is that possible?|I am sorry there is nothing that meets that criteria. Is there another type of food or area you would be interested in?
How about British food?|I would recommend you try Grafton Hotel Restaurant.  As requested it is in the east and serves British food.
Thanks, will you please book a table for 7 people on thursday at 13:00?|Booking was unsuccessful.
can we  book another day or time slot?
please try booking at 1200hrs and get me the reference number|Booking was successful for Thursday at 1200hrs , table for 7 at Grafton Hotel restaurant. Your Reference number is KQKTCX5Y. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Nope, that should be everything. Thank you so much for all of your help.|You are welcome. Enjoy your dinner!
Can you help me find a hotel called city centre north b and b please?|Yes, it's a guesthouse in the north part of town with cheap prices. Do you want me to book it for you?
yes, please. 2 people for 3 nights starting on wednesday|The booking was successful, your reservation number is OOMOE6L0. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, are there any vietnamese restaurants in the north area of town?|No, there are not. The only vietnamese restaurant is located in the west.
How about a chinese restaurant instead?|There are 3: Hakka, Golden Wok, and The Hotpot. Do any of these sound good?
Could you reserve a table at Hakka for me?|What day and time would you like?
i would like to book a table for the same day at 17:15|And for how many people?
Just two please.|You are all set for your reservation. The reservation number is 0CBRAMIK.
Ok that is all I needed thank you!|Alright, have a great day!
I'm looking for some romanian food around here.|I'm sorry, there are no Romanian restaurants available.
Ok, let's try to find an asian oriental restaurant.|I have five. Is there an area you prefer?
I need a cheap price range.|I would rcommed the j restaurant, would you like me to book you?
Yes I need a reservation for 6 people at 17:30 on a Saturday.|Great, I will book that for you now.
I need a confirmation number too thank you|The reservation number is RFD4W3BO. Anything else I can help you with?
I am also looking for a train I'd like the train to arrive by 14:15 and to be here on Saturday.|Okay and where are you departing from?
I need to depart Leicaster and arrive in cambridge 14:15 on saturday. I'll just need the travel, no booking.|There is a train that departs at 9:09 from Leicester on Saturday at arrives at 10:54 the same day in Cambridge. Is this good?
Yes.  Can I get the travel time?|The travel time is 105 minutes.
Thanks! I guess that's all I need. Have a good one. Bye.|You're welcome, just let us know if you need anything else!
Help me find a place to stay that has free parking and 4 stars.|There are several options to choose from. Do you have a specific location or pricerange you would like?
No specific price or location. I'd like it to include free wifi, though.|I'd recommend arbury lodge guesthouse. It's a guesthouse in the north, moderately priced.
Okay, can I have the postcode, address, and phone number.|The address is 82 arbury, post code cb42je.  The phone number is 01223364319.
Thank you. I would also love some help finding a moderately priced italian restaurant.|What area would you like to be in?
Area does not matter.|How about prezzo, it is in the west? There are also Pizza Express's in the centre and Pizza Huts in the south and east.
The Prezzo sounds good. Can you tell me the address and postcode please?|Absolutely, the address is 21 - 24 Northampton Road, and the postal code is cb30ad.
I Would like to get a taxi to the place as well.|What time would you like to leave?
I want to leave the restaurant by 01:30 to go to the hotel. Please give me contact info and car type|A white BMW will pick you up by 1:30 from Arbury Lodge Guesthouse and take you to aprezzo. Their Contact number is. 07237218579. Anything else i can help with today?
Thank You that is all. Have a nice day|You're welcome and enjoy your stay.
I'm looking for a restaurant in the east part of town that serves cantonese food.|I'm sorry but there is not cantonese restaurant in the east, can i offer you something else?
What about an Indian restaurant?|Curry Prince is an Indian restaurant in the East part of town.
what is the phone number?|Their phone number is 01223 324351
Address please|Curry Prince is at 451 Newmarket Road Fen Ditton.
thank you. Good bye.|thank you good bye
I would like a restaurant in the centre of town that serves thai food|bangkok city serves thai food in the centre of town.
Can I have the phone number and address please?|bangkok city restaurant is located at 24 green street city centre and its phone number is 01223 354382. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Thank you goodbye.|Thank you and have a great day!
While I am visiting Cambridge, I would like to stay at the Ashley Hotel. Where is it located?|The Ashley Hotel is located at 74 Chesterton Road. Would you like the phone number? I can also book a reservation for you.
Book me a room there for 2 night with 6 people, starting Friday. Also, I will need the reference number.|Your booking was successful!  The reference number is DH7R8VDH.  Is there anything else I can help you with today?
I'd like a cheap restaurant in the centre of the city.|There are a few cheap restaurants in the center of the city. Would you like Asian Oriental or Chinese food?
I would like Chinese food.|I found three restaurants, Charlie Chan, Rice House, and Golden House, which would you like to book?
Let's go with Charlie Chan for 6 people at 15:45 Friday|Your booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Your reference number is KFI8B8IF.  Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No that will be all. Thank You.|You are welcome! Goodbye.
Indian in the north|there are two Indian restaurants, Royal Spice and The Nirala.
What is the address, phone number, and price range of one of them?|Royal Spice is an Indian restaurant on the North part of town and it is in the cheap price range. The phone number is 01733 553355 and the address is Victoria Avenue Chesterton.
Thank you goodbye.|You're welcome. Good bye.
Hi, I'm looking for a moderate restaurant in the centre. What would you recommend?|I found few restaurant that serve Asian and British food which food you prefer?
Lets go with Asian. Can you book a table for 7 at 12:00 on Wednesday?|Okay, I have booked you a table at Yippee Noodle Bar. Your reference number is OWLN59MN.
Thank you but I also need a train that is going to leicester and should depart from cambridge|Sure thing - what day are you traveling, and at what time?
I will be traveling on Thursday and I need the train to arrive by 12:00.|TR1755 arrives in leicester at 11:06. Would you like tickets on that train?
Yes please give me the reference number|How many seats will you need?
Actually, I won't need you to book tickets. But can I please get the price and travel time for TR1755?|The travel time is 105 minutes and costs 37.80 pounds.
ok that would work go ahead and book that|How many tickets would you need?
Just for myself, please.|Okay. I have a booking and reference number for you. It is YE2KMQB2.
Oops, I actually didn't want tickets just yet, but I guess I'm stuck with them! Thanks for your help anyway, totally my fault.|Thank you for using our service have a great day.
Hi, I need a hotel on the west side, please.|We have a couple options available to you, is there a particular price range you are looking for?
I don't care about price range, but I do want the hotel to have a 4 star rating and have free wifi.|I have the Huntingdon Marriott that is more expensive. Also, the Cambridge Belfry that is cheap. Do you have a preference?
Can you tell me their post codes?|Huntingdon marriott post code is pe296fl and the cambridge belfry postcode is cb236bw. Anything else I can assist you with today?
No. Thank you. Goodbye.|You're welcome. Have a wonderful day!
I also need information on the maharajah tandoor restaurant please.|It is an expensive restaurant in the west area serving indian food. Would you like me to book it for you?
Yes, please book a table for 1 at 16:00 on Wednesday.|I have completed the booking. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. The reference number is KQLHM8ST.
Would you be able to schedule a taxi to take me from the Huntingdon Marriott to the Maharajah Tandoor?|Sure thing, what time would you like to arrive at your destination?
I need to arrive in time for my reservation.|I have reserved you a blue tesla, Contact number	: 07639403969.  Is there anything else I can help you with?
No that is all thank you for your help!|You are welcome.  If you need anything else, we are always here to help.
i want information about attractions in the centre|How about all saints church? It has free admission.
Sounds interesting. What is their phone number?|The phone number for All Saints Church is 01223452587. Can I help you with anything else?
Can you tell me their postcode as well?|Sure. The postcode is cb58bs. Can I help you with anything else?
Can you help me find a really nice and expensive chinese place in town?|Okay! What area of town would you like to dine in?
I would like to be in the centre.|How about tang chinese? They are located at Napier Street City Centre.
Can you tell me their phone number?|Sure thing, here you go 01223357187
I also want to book a taxi to commute between the two places.|I can help you with that. Where would you like the taxi to pick you up?
I'd like to go between All Saints Church and Tang Chinese by 2:30.|Let me find a taxi for you.
Any luck with the taxi yet?|Booking completed!
Booked car type	:	red skoda
Contact number	:	07139106461
thanks thatnis it for today|Okay, no problem! I hope you have a great visit!
Are there any Swedish restaurants in Cambridge?|I'm sorry, I do not show any Swedish restaurants.  Is there another type of restaurant I could find for you?
Yes an you search for christmas food?|I am sorry I do not have anything listed matching that request. Any other type of food?
What about a moderately priced European restaurant? I need a reservation for 3 people at 14:30 on Thursday. Could you provide the reference number after making the reservation?|There are 11 different restaurants serving European food. What area of town would you like?
I don't have a preference on the area. If you could recommend on that would be great.|If I may, might I suggest The Michaelhouse Cafe. They are located at St. Michae's Church Trinity Street City Centre. They have amazing food.
Sounds like an excellent choice. Please proceed with making a reservation. Thanks!|You're all booked. Reference number is OBL5NIMY.
I also need a train to leave Friday and arrive by 08:15 from bishop stortford by cambridge. Can you give me the depart time?|TR3450 leaves at 7:29. Can I help you with anything else today?
I actually need the train to arrive at Bishops Stortford, not depart from. So sorry for the confusion.|train TR2061 should fit you.
Great, can you tell me the departure time of the train from Cambridge to Bishops Stortford?|The departure time is still the same, 7:29.
Alright. That is all I needed. Thank you very much.|Have a great time.
I am looking for yippee noodle bar.|Yippee Noodle Bar is at 40428 King Street City Centre. Would you like to make a reservation?
Yes please. I need a reservation for 6 people at 16:15 on Thursday.|Got it! your reservation is confirmed for Thursday at 16:15 for 6 people. your reference number is C73DB4I8.
I'm also looking for places to go in town.|There are 79 different attractions in town. Do you have a specific area or type of attraction that you are looking for?
Yes, I'm very interested in visiting  a history museum. Is there a museum closer to the Yippee noodle bar or possibly within 5 to 8 miles is okay also|Broughton house gallery	is one in the centre of town, would that work?
Yes. Can I please get a taxi to arrive at the restaurant by the booked time of 16:15?|And where would you like to be picked up?
At the Broughton House Gallery, please|I have a car-a black Honda booked to pick you up at the Broughton House Gallery at 15:30. This is the driver's contact number 07749918641.
Thank you for your help. That is all I need today!|Hace a great day!
I need a place to eat that is expensive.|I've found 57 restaurants that match your request. Is there a particular area you'd like to dine in?
In the centre, please.|There are 33 restaurants in that area, do you have a preference of the type of restaurant?
i want something with malaysian food.|I am sorry I have no listings for malaysian food,another type?
I actually just need an expensive place to dine in the Centre of town.|Kymmoy offers Asian Oriental food.  Would you like to book a table there?
Yes please. Can you book that for 8 people on Saturday at 15:30?|Sure thing. I will work on getting this booked and be right back with you.
Okay, thank you.|you are welcome
If Saturday fails, try Monday and provide the reference number. Also looking for a guesthouse in the same area with internet. Provide starts and address please.|Your restaurant booking was successful.  This is the reference number  PQA4WKNF. It is for Saturday at 15:30 for 8 people.
Can you book me two taxi cabs that offer groupon discounts to take us to the restaurant?|I don't think we have any affiliations with Groupon. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
I'm looking for a place to stay. The hotel should be in the same price range as the restaurant and should be in the type of guesthouse.|I am sorry but there are no guesthouses matching.  Would you like to try a hotel instead?
A hotel would be fine.|Would you like me to book it for you?
What expensive hotel do you recommend?|There are two hotels matching your needs and I highly recommend university arms hotel. Do you want me to book it?
I just need their address, star level and whether they have internet please.|University arms hotel is 4 stars located on regent street. They have internet and parking. Would you like me to book that for you?
Not yet, that's all for now. Thank you for all your help.|Thank you for calling. Please call us back if we can assist you in any other way. Goodbye.
Hi. Can you help me find a train?|Sure, where would you like to go?
I'm going to Cambridge from Liverpool Street. On Sunday.|I have many trains leaving and arriving all day. Do you have a preference for time of travel?
I need to leave after 11:15.|The TR9025 leaves at 11:59 and gets you into London Liverpool Street by 13:27. Would you like to book it?
I need to know the price and travel time please|The train will cost 13.28 pounds a ticket and leaves at 11:59.
Thanks I'm also looking for a restaurant called Charlie Chan can you find some information for me?|Charlie chan is a cheap chinese reasurant in the centre. Phone number is: 01223361763 postcode :cb21db Address: Regent Street City Centre. Do you need anything else?
That would be all thanks !|Enjoy your meal sir and you are welcome.
Hey, could you tell me if there are any panasian restaurants in the east side of town?|I'm not finding any restaurants matching that description. Would you like to try searching a different area?
no|OK. Would you like me to check for a different type of cuisine?
Are there any chinese restaurants on the east side of town? If so, what is the address, phone number and post code?|yu garden is located at 529 newmarket road fen ditton. Its phone number is 01223 248882 and the postcode is CB58PA. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Thank you goodbye.|Thank you and good bye to you as well.
I'm looking for some type of entertainment venue in the centre of town.|There is a vue cinema for your entertainment in the centre of town. Would you like the address?
No, thank you. Is there a museum in the centre area?|The Broughton House Gallery is in the area and has no entrance fee, would you like the address?
Yes, I would like the address, please.|The address is 98 King Street.  Can I help you with anything else?
Yes, thanks, I'd like to find a restaurant in the same area. Do you have any listings that serve polynesian food?|I found no polynesian restaurants in the centre of town
How about something in the cheap price range?|there are 15 cheap priced restaurants in the centre. what type of food would you like?
Are any of them Italian?|Yes, as a matter of fact Pizza Hut, Ask, and Zizzi Cambridge all serve inexpensive Italian food. Do any of these interest you?
I would like to book Zizzi Cambridge for 6 people on Sunday at 16:15.|I'm terribly sorry but Zizzi is booked at that time. Can I try at another time or on another day?
Is there anything available for 15:15?|I've booked you at 15:15 on Sunday at Zizzi Cambridge.  Anything else?
Can I get the reference number, please?|Yes, the reference number is ZLMXP05F.
Thank you very much for your help today!|Is there anything else that I can help you with?
That was everything. Thanks!|You're welcome. Goodbye!
Looking for someone that serves Australasian food?|No restaurants serving australasian food can be found. May I find another type restaurant for you?
How about European food?|Galleria serves European food and is in the centre part of town and has a moderate price range.
Hi. Can you help me find a restaurant?|Sure! What restaurant are you looking for?
I'd like a restaurant in the centre in the moderate price range, what can you recommend?|Personally, I think the Yippee Noodle Bar is a lot of fun. They serve Asian Oriental.
Sounds good to me. Please book for one, 16:30 on Thursday.|Great your reservation was successful and your reference number is MXJRF0K1.
Thank you. I also need to find out about trains.|What is your destination and the day you will be traveling?
I would like to travel to Cambridge on Thursday.|Just so I can get you accurate information, what's your departure location and time?
I would like to depart from Peterborough on Thursday.  I am pretty open as to departure time, but need to arrive by 08:30.|I have the TR7094 which will get you there by 08:09, how many ticket please?
Just for one person please.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 16.5 GBP payable at the station .
Reference number is : A9EBXB7W. Is there anything else you need today?
That is all I need. Good bye.|Thanks for letting us assist you! Have a great time!
I would like a train that is going by cambridge.|Where would you be departing from?
Kings lynn on thursday.|There are several trains leaving throughout the day. What is your departure time?
The train should arrive by 15:45 and should go to cambridge,can you book it for me ?|Let me get a bit more information from you.  We trains leaving every hour from 05:11 to 14:11, would you like a morning or afternoon departure?
I don't have a preference as long as I arrive at 15:45.|I have train TR2162 arriving at 14:58 can I book you seat/s for that one?
I don't need a ticket right now, but can you give me the departure time and total travel time, please?|It leaves at 14:11 and lasts 47 minutes. Is there anything else?
Yes. I am looking for a restaurant that serves North American food. Preferably in the expensive price range.|The Gourmet Burger Kitchen serves North American cuisine. Would you like more info on this website? Or would you like me to book it for you?
Book a table for 8 people at 20:30 on thursday.|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Reference number is : ZMG68R1Q. Can i help with anything else today?
No, thank you, that's all the information I need right now.|you are welcome. enjoy your stay.
Can you find me an expensive restaurant in the north?|There are five expensive places to dine in the North. Would you like to try asian oriental cuisine?
Yes. That's exactly what I'm looking for.|Saigon City at 169 High Street Chesterton fits the description. Shall I make a reservation for you?
Yes, please. Can you make a reservation for 7 people at 12:30 on a Tuesday? Thanks|I made a reservation for you at Saigon City for a party of 7 on Tuesday at 12:30. Your reference is N2FHZ30Y. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Wonderful. I'm also looking for a cool place to check out in the same area.|There are 79 attractions, would you like to try cineworld cinema?
I actually want to find a museum and it should be in the same area as my restaurant|Sorry, I'm not seeing any results. Want to try a different type or area?
Let's try for a boat type instead then|There is one listing here. It is riverboat georgina. Its entrance fee is unlisted but the address is cambridge passenger cruisers, jubilee house, postcode cb43ax and phone 01223902091
Thanks, I don't need anything else today! bye!|Ok.  Have a great day.
I'm hoping you can help me find a particular attraction.|Sure, what are you looking for?
I'm looking for a place called cambridge and county folk museum|Cambridge and country folk museum is located on the west area at 2-3 castle street postcode cb30aq.
Thank you. I'm also looking for a particular restaurant called the Meze Bar Restaurant please.|I have it here. What would you like to know?
Could you book a table for 1 at 16:30 on Monday?|Your booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Your reference number is : JGNMHYR5.  Is there anything I can do to assist you?
I will also need a taxi to get from the attraction to restaurant.|Your booking was successful.  Your taxi will be a blue Audi and the contact number is 07434215242.  Can I help you with anything else today?
Thank you that's all I needed today.|Have a nice day and enjoy your trip!
Can you suggest some places to dine?|Sure.  Do you have any preferences as far as area, cuisine or price range?
I'd like Indonesian food if it's available.|I have no listings for that type of food,any other types you would like?
Please check to see if there are any restaurants that serve modern European food.|Yes I have many options in this category. Do you have a preference for area or price range?
Any restaurant you recommend is fine. I just need the address, postcode, and phone number.|I would suggest riverside brassiere.
Ok, can I have the address, postcode, and phone number please?|Their address is Doubletree by Hilton Cambridge Granta Place Mill Lane, postcode cb21rt. Their phone is 01223259988.
Im also looking for a 4 star hotel. It needs to have free parking.|I have 3 hotels that meet what you have asked for. Two are in the west and one is in the centre.  What area are you looking to stay?
I don't have a preference for an area. I will need free wifi, now that I think about it.|I recommend the Huntingdon Marriot Hotel.
Thanks. That sounds good. Can you give me the area it's in?|Absolutely. It is in the west part of the city. Would you like me to book it for you?
No booking just yet, but I do want to know the price range and phone number please|Sure, it's in the expensive price range and the phone number is 01480446000. Can I assist with anything else?
That is everything that I need.|thank you and enjoy your stay in Cambridge!
Hi! I'm looking for information on the Rice House restaurant.|The phone number is 01223367755.  Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, I'll also need their address please.|They are located at 88 Mill Road City Centre.
Great, thank you. Thanks for the info. Have a good rest of your day.|You're welcome, is there anything else you need?
No, I have all the information I need. Thank you.|Thank you for using this system!
Hello, I am looking for an expensive restaurant that serves vegetarian food.|There is not a restaurant matching your request.  Would you like another restaurant?
Yes, how about european food instead.|cambridge lodge restaurant is a nice restaurant serves european if you want something in the west .
Could I have their phone number and address?|Cambridge Lodge restaurant is located at Cambridge Lodge Hotel 139 Huntingdon Road City Centre and their phone number is 01223 355166.
thank you good bye|glad we could help!
Hello, I'm looking for a restaurant by the name of Cote. Can you find this for me and book a reservation please?|I sure can. Can I get a date and time, along with the amount of people that will be there?
We will be dining on Thursday at 13:15, and there are 4 in my party.|I was able to book you a table for four at Cote on Thursday at 13:15, Reference: 8s4q3a4d. Can I assist you further today?
Wonderful. Can you also help me find a place to visit in the east?|Is there a specific type of attraction you are looking for?
I would love to visit a boat attraction|We have one boat attraction in the east. It is camboats.
Can I have the phone number, address, and postcode?|Phone number is 01223902112, address- the plough, green end, fen ditton and a postcode of cb58sx. Thank you is there anything else I can assist you with?
Thanks, you're so helpful! I'm all done now, bye!|You are very welcome, it's a pleasure to assist you! Goodbye!
Can you give me information about the Yu Garden? It's a restaurant my sister recommended.|Sure! Yu Garden serves Chinese food on the Eastside. It's prices range toward the expensive side. Would you like more information?
I would like to book a table for saturday|What time would you like this reservation?
I would like a reservation for 14:30 for 5 people please. Can I have the reference number?|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.Reference number is : 9XFOBDBF.
Can I also get a phone number?|The phone number is 01223248882.
Great. I am also looking for places in the centre of town where i can do boating. Any suggestions?|Yes, there's the Scudamores punting co and the Cambridge punter.
Could I have the post code and address for both places?|Scadamores Punting Co is located at Granta Place, Mil Lane and the postcode is cb21rs. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
No, that's all I need.|Awesome. Have a great trip!
Im looking for a guesthouse with free wifi|I have found several possibilities for you.  Do you have any particular area you would like to stay in?
In the south would be better.|I have two in the moderate price range and one that is in a lower price range. Do you have a preference as far as that goes?
I don't care about the price range, I just want to make sure it has free wifi and is a guesthouse in the south.|I would recommend Rosa's Bed and Breakfast located at 53 Roseford Road.  Can I reserve a room for you?
Does it have free parking?|Yes this guesthouse has free parking.  Would you like to reserve a room?
No, but I would like the address, postcode and phone number please|Rosa's Bed and Breakfast address is 53 roseford road , postcode cb22ha, and phone 01223512596. Can I look anything else up for you?
I am also looking for the restaurant called nandos city centre, can I have more info  on that?|Nando's City Centre is a great portuguese restaurant that is cheap and is located in the centre of town. Would you like me to book a table for you?
I don't need a reservation. But can I get their postcode please?|Absolutely. Their postcode is cb23ar. Is there anything else I can help with?
I need a taxi to leave the hotel by 14:30.|Can I get a destination for the taxi please?
Nando's City Centre restaurant please|I have booked your ride. Your car type is a black Honda and your contact number is 07917232532. Is there anything else you need?
No that will be all thank you.|Thank you have a great day!
Hi, I'm looking for a place to eat, preferably a cheap South Indian restaurant.|Hi, kohinoor is a cheap Indian restaurant, but doesn't specify that it is South Indian. Would you like the phone number?
Is it in the centre of the city?|Yes, it is indeed in the centre. The phone number is 01223323639
Ok, thank you.|Would you like for me to book a table at Kohinoor for you?
Yes, please.  18:00 on Wednesday for just myself.|I'm sorry, they're all booked up at that time. Would you like to try a different time?
how about 17:00.|I was able to book that, your reference number is HEJFVRPP.
Great! I am also looking for a train that leaves on thursday and departs from cambridge.|What is your destination?
Destination is Stevenage.  I would like to arrive by 21:45.  Can you book the train for me as well?|There are 8 trains that will arrive by 21:45.  What time would you like to depart?
What's the last train to arrive by 21:45?|It would be the one leaving at 19:21 and arriving at 20:10. Shall I book it?
Yes, that would be great. Could I get a reference number please?|How many tickets do you need?
I need 1 ticket.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 12.8 GBP payable at the station .
Reference number is : 5TM8STAM.
Thank you for the help, have a nice day.|It was a pleasure to serve you have a great day
I need a place to dine in the center that serves modern European food.|We have 4 different places. Do you prefer a specific price range?
Can any of them accommodate a table of 3 at 19:00 on Sunday?|I was able to book de luca cucina and bar LPZ329U9
That's great. Thank you so much.|Glad I was able to help. Do you need anymore help today?
I would also like to find a 3 star hotel that includes parking. Can you help me with that?|Sure. The Gonville Hotel is located in the centre and the Lensfield Hotel is in the south. Would you like me to book a stay?
Yes please. I would prefer to stay in the center.|When would you like to check in at The Gonville Hotel?
I need it for four nights starting on Sunday for three people please.|Done! Your reference number is ISXF46BT. Can I help you with anything else?
No thank you that will be all|You're welcome, have a great day!
Can you help me find a restaurant i am looking for? Its name is the Rice Boat.|That's an excellent choice!  When will you be dining?
First, could you tell me what type of food is served?|The Rice Boat serves Indian cuisine.
Thankyou.  Can you help me find a attraction called the place?|The Place is a nightclub in the south part of town. The address is 22 sidney street and the phone number is 01223324600.
Can you tell me how much the entrance fee is please?|I'm sorry I do not have an entrance fee listed. Perhaps you could call them to check.
Okay and what was the postcode for The Place? I also need a taxi ride from the rice boat to the place.|The postcode for The Place is CB23HG.
Thanks. Can you arrange a taxi from The Rice Boat to The Place? I'll need to leave by 23:30. Please provide the contact number and car type for the taxi please.|Certainly. I've booked you a yellow toyota. The contact number is 07181629943.
That's all I need, thank you.|Thank you for choosing Cambridge TownInfo centre today. Please let us know if you need further assistance in the future.
Can you get me information on a restaurant called j restaurant?|It's an asian oriental restaurant in the centre of town. Want me to book it for you?
Yes, I need a table for 3 people.|Excellent, and what day and time?
sunday at 12 please|Reference number is : EZ8L6J51. Anything else?
are their any swimming pools in the east?|Yes, there is a swimming pool at Abbey Pool and Astroturf Pitch.  Would you like the address and phone number?
Actually, just give me the postal code and entrance fee.|Sure! the postcode is cb68nt and the entrance fee is not known.
I would also like to book a taxi from the pool to the restaurant|I can take care of that for you. Do you have a time you plan on leaving the pool?
I just need it to arrive to the restaurant before our reservation.|Your taxi is booked. The contact number is 07780999958 and it will be a white toyota picking you up. Is there anything else you need?
No thanks. I got everything I needed. Take care. Bye.|I hope you have everything you need.
I want to depart from Cambridge by train.|I can help with that, what day are you looking to depart on?
I would like to leave on Saturday.|And where will you be heading to?
I am going to Stansted Airport.|and what time do you want to leave or arrive?
I would like to leave after 13:00.|First train out after 13:00 is TR6193, leaving at 13:40. It's a 28-minute trip, and each ticket is 8.08GBP. Would you like to book passage?
Yes please.  I need 1 ticket.|Booking was successful Your reference number is TNU1H19G. Do you need assistance with anything else?
Yes please. I need an expensive restaurant located in the centre.|You have some great choices.  Do you have a preferred cuisine?
Not really, no. What's the address, postcode, and phone number for your favorite?|Oh well if your letting me decide then kymmoy serves the best asian oriental food! Phone is 01223311911 postcode is cb12as and they are at 100 Mill Rd City Centre
Thanks! That's all I needed today. Goodbye!|Have a nice day and thank you for calling.
Hello. I'm looking for a restaurant that serves good Chinese food, preferable in the city centre. Can you help me locate one?|Of course! There are ten chinese restaurants in the centre. How about Charlie Chan? It's a cheap place on Regent Street.
Actually I would prefer something in the expensive range if possible.|Tang chinese looks good, would you like to try that?
Can you give me the address, postcode, and phone number?|Tang Chinese is located on Napier Street City Centre, postcode cb11hr, and the phone number is 01223357187.
Great. Now I need an expensive place to stay with free wifi.|Is there an area of town you'd prefer?
No area in specific, however I would like free parking as well|I can recommend the University Arms Hotel. It is located in the city centre
How many stars does that hotel have?|It has 4 stars.
Does it have free parking as well?|Yes it has free parking. Would you like to make a reservation?
No, thank you.|Well then, can I do anything else for you today?
No, I think that will be all today.|Thank you for calling! I hope you have a fantastic day!
I'm looking for a swimming pool please.|What side of town would you like that to be on?
Could you make it the south side of town please.|i see no swimming pools in that area would you like me to search another area
What about an entertainment attraction?|Sure, the Tenpin is located in the south, at Cambridge Leisure Park on Clifton Way.  Would you like to know anything in particular about it?
Could I get the phone number and postcode?|The Tenpin phone number is 08715501010 and the postcode is cb17dy.  Can I help you with anything else today?
Yes please. I'd like to find a good Malaysian restaurant located in the same area as this Tenpin place. Something on the pricey side. What would you suggest?|Unfortunately, there are no malaysian restaurants in that area. Would you like to try a different area or different cuisine?
In that case, can you recommend me a restaurant serving Mexican cuisine in the area?|Chiquito restaurant bar is located in the South. It is an expensive Mexican restaurant. Would you like me to book a table for you?
Yes, can you book one for 4 on Thursday at 19:15? And I need the reference as well please.|your booking was successful and your reference number is U6O638TB.
Great I also need a taxi between the two places please that will get to the restaurant by the reservation time.|I was able to book that taxi for you. Be looking for a red Toyota. If you need to reach them, their phone number is 07984383543. Is there anything else?
No, that is all. Thank you, goodbye.|you are welcome.
Can you help direct me a restaurant called Golden House?|Yes, Golden House is at 12 Lensfield Road City Centre, postcode cb21eg.
Can you provide me reviews about this listing. Is this a great hotel and what are the accommodations. Does this place have good customer service|I'm sorry, I don't understand. Golden House is a restaurant, not a hotel. Can you please clarify what you're looking for?
Yes sorry I meant does the restaurant have any reviews? Also I need help looking for a train leaving on Saturday and arriving in Kings Lynn.|Sorry, I can't provide reviews. There are 19 trains for Saturday going to Kings Lynn, where is your departure city?
Cambridge|Okay I would be happy to book you a seat on the train if you tell me when you want to leave and arrive and how many people will be traveling.
just me, leave at 19:45. please tell me the arrival time and travel time|You can depart at 19:11, arriving at 19:58, or at 20:11, arriving at 20:58. Travel time is 47 minutes.
thank you|Happy to help!
I'm looking for somewhere to eat in the west. Can you help me out?|I can, what type of food are you looking for?
We were thinking we would like some Asian Oriental food, if available.|There are no asian oriental places in that area of town. Would you like a different type of food?
What about British food in that part of town?|In british cuisine, you have three choices. Saint John's Chop House is moderately priced, while Graffiti and Travellers Rest are expensive.
Let me try Graffiti out. Can you book it for 2 people on Saturday at 17:45?|Your table is booked. Reference number is I8UTT26J.
cool, i need a place to stay, too.|What side of town would you like to stay on?
I don't really care.  I do need free wifi, but parking doesn't really matter.|What is your price range?
I would like a three star place, if you have one.|Booking was successful, table will be reserved for 15 mins.
Reference number is : I8UTT26J.
I would like to find a 3 star guesthouse that has free parking. I would need the area it is in and a phone number.|If you'd like to stay near the hotel, the Hobsons House is a guesthouse in the west. It is moderately priced and has free parking. Would you like information on that?
Do you mean that it is close to the restaurant? Can you give me the phone number?|Sorry, yes, that is what I meant.  The phone number is 01223304906.  I can book that for you if you'd like.
No, thank you. I do need to book a taxi from the hotel that arrives at the restaurant by the reservation time, though, please.|Ok, I've got you a cab from hobsons house to graffiti, arriving by 17:45. The car is a yellow lexus.
Contact number	:	07292320210
thank you for your help. That's all I need today.|You're welcome, have a great day!
Hello! I'm looking for a cheap restaurant that serves modern global food.|I have not located any restaurants that serve modern global food, would you like me to locate a restaurant that serves a different food type?
Well, that is disappointing but maybe we could try italian.|i got five. any specific area you prefer?
Centre of town please. I need to book a table for 7 people at 17:45 on Thuesday.|Okay, that narrows your choices to three: Pizza Hut City Center, Ask, and Zizzi Cambridge. Any preference?
Zizzi Cambridge sounds good, can you book that please?|Sure thing, I will work on this and be back with you shortly.
When you're done working on it please give me a reference number for my records|Unfortunately, I can't book anything without some more information from you. I would need to know the day and time you'd like to dine, as well as the number of people.
I need a table for 7 people at 17:45 on Thursday.|I have booked your reservation. The reference number is UJEGRKNM. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I need a place to go in the south.|The south is lively with cinema, entertainments, a museum, nightclub, parks and theatre. What appeals to you?
Are there any multiple sports arenas?|Not in the south. I have them in other areas of the city. Would you be interested in another area or another type of attraction in the south?
I want a cheap portuguese restaurant. Give me their address, phone number, and area, please.|Nandos is a cheap Portuguese restaurant in the south area. The phone number is 01223 327908 and the address is Cambridge Leisure Park Clifton Way
Thank you, goodbye|You're welcome, goodbye.
I'm looking for a cheap Italian restaurant.|How about Pizza Hut City Centre?  I hear it is very good.
I s it located in the north?|No, that one was in the Centre.  But, da vinci pizzeria is in the north
Da Vinci Pizzeria is fine can you book a table for one for Monday at 12:00?|I will book it for you,is there anything else I can do for you ?
Yes, what about the reference number?|My system is down and I am unable to book at the moment.  Here is their # 01223351707 or we can try again later.  Sorry for inconvenience.
Wow, really? Could you try again please?|My apologies, this is actually a system issue and i cannot book.   I have reported in, in the meantime do you need other information?
I will try back later for the reference number. Could you find me a place to stay that is near the restaurant?|There are several in the moderate to cheap range. Do you have a star preference?
no stars would work for me.|I would recommend city centre north b and b. Would you like me to book that?
Is that a guesthouse with 0 stars?|Yes they are a guesthouse with a 0 star rating in the north area.
Okay, great. Please book that for me then. It'll be 1 person for 2 nights|What day will you be arriving?
I will be arriving on Monday.|You are booked into city center north b and b with reference number O1TNBPLU. You are also booked  at da vinci pizzeria, reference number QLKCDA7V.
I also need a taxi to get me from the hotel to the restaurant by my reservation time.|I have booked you with a yellow bmw with the contact number 07383383242. Is there anything else I can help with today?
.
Booking was successful. Reference number is : T4EHQENA. Anything else.|I wish you safe travels. Enjoy your trip. Have a great day.
Hello I am looking for a place in the north to dine and they need to serve chinese food|There are three Chinese restaurants in the north: Hakka (expensive), The Hotpot (expensive), and Golden Wok (moderate).  Would you like more information on any of these?
Hakka sounds good, I'm looking for something expensive. What else can you tell me about them?|Hakka is an expensive Chinese restaurant on the north side of the city, on Milton Road Chesterton. Would you like to make a reservation?
Yes, please! There will be 5 of us on Wednesday at 17:00.|Success! Your reference number is A7G7J0KF
Thanks so much. I also need train tickets for wednesday as well, I will be going to cambridge.|From where will you be departing that day?
From Leicester please.  I need to arrive in Cambridge by 10:30.|I have train TR1903 leaving leicester at 5:09 and arriving in cambridge at 6:54 on wednesday.  Would you like to make a reservation?
Yes please. I will also need the reference number and price.|I'll gladly book your tickets. How many would you like?
Nevermind, just remembered I may have to do something else that day. Could you just give me the price for a ticket? That way I'll know and can get my own.|Sure - that's a pricey train ride, with a fare of 37.80 GBP per person. Can I help with anything else today?
Nope, that's all I needed, thanks for your help!|It was a pleasure. Have a good day. Goodbye.
I need to leave bishops stortford. Do you have a train going out?|I am sure I do, where would you like to go?
I'd like to go to Cambridge and would be leaving on Thursday after 16:30. What is available then?|There's a train that leaves at 17:29 and arrives by 18:07. Does that sound okay?
Yes, that would work. What is the price of a ticket?|They are 10.10 pounds each
I'm also looking for a restaurant in the centre of town that serves chinese food.|There are several Chinese restaurants in the centre of town.  What price rnge are you looking for?
I prefer something expensive.|I have 4 choice for you. The Ugly Duckling, Tang Chinese, HK Fusion, and the Sesame Restaurant and Bar. Does one of these sound like something you would like to try?
The Ugly Duckling sounds interesting! What's their address?|The Ugly Duckling is located at 12 St. Johns Street City Centre. Their postcode is cb21tw. Is there anything more I can help with?
No thank you. That is all.|Fantastic, have a great day!
I'm looking for a gastropub restaurant.|The Backstreet Bistro serves gastropub food.
Can I have the address and postcode.|The address is 2 Sturton street city centre , C.B 1,2 Q.A.
Thank you, goodbye|Thank you for using the Cambridge Restaurant System Phone Line. Enjoy your meal!
I want to find a chinese restaurant in the east. Do you know of any?|There is one, Yu Garden, and it is expensive. Does that appeal to you?
Sure, can I please have the phone number?|Phone is 01223248882. Would you like me to book a table for you?
No thanks, but I would like to find a place to stay. I need a 4-star place with free parking.|I have about 19 hotels that are 4 star. May i know your preferred area, type and budget so i can narrow down the search for you to choose from.
I do want a hotel, not a guesthouse, and I would like someplace expensive.|great! there are two options for you. huntingdon marriott hotel or university arms hotel
Let's go with the university arms hotel. I'd like it for 2 people starting sunday. We'd like to stay for 3 nights.|You're all set. Your Reference number is : K9LY95GD. Is there anything else I can do for you today?
nope that is all thanks for all of your help!|Thank you for calling.
I'm looking for information on a restaurant called La Margherita.|Sure, it's a cheap Italian place in the west at 15 Magdalene Street City Centre cb30af. Their phone is 01223315232. How else may I assist you?
Hi. Can you help me find a restaurant?|There are a lot of options in Cambridge. Can you please be more specific?
Are there any cheap options in the centre of town?|Yes, there are chinese, asian oriental, indian, italian, spanish, portuguese, modern europe, and mediterranean available.
Can I have the address? I am also looking for a train that leaves on Sunday to Cambridge.|We can take care of that too, but let's get your restaurant squared away first - in order to provide an address I'll need to know what type of cuisine?
Whichever one you think is best please.|I recommend the Dojo Noodle Bar. They're located at 40210 Millers Yard, City Centre.
excellent. I will need the train booked for 5 as well.|Where will you travel too and from?
to cambridge from broxbourne. i need to leave after 11;15 please|and what day will you be traveling on?
I will be traveling on Sunday.|We have 13 trains meeting your criteria. Do you have any idea how early you want to leave? The first train leaves at 11:32 and then every hour after that
The train should leave broxbourne after 11:15 so the 11:32 is a good choice. There are 5 of us traveling together. Please book.|It has been booked. You reference number is UCICW103.
Great. Thank you so much.|Thank you for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Goodbye.
Please help me locate an expensive restaurant located in the centre. Thanks.|Great, I have 33 options for you. Any particular cuisine you'd like?
I would like european food.|I have 3 options for you: Eraina, Michaelhouse Cafe, and Darrys Corkhouse and Wine Shop. Would you like the phone numbers for any of these?
Can you book Darrys Corkhouse for 7 people on Sunday at 16:30?|I have reserved you a table and the reference number is 10HHSLXW. Can I help you with anything else today?
I also need help finding a train going to Ely.|When would you like to leave or arrive and what day would you like to travel?
I want to leave after 15:30.|I have a number of trains to choose from. What day would you like to book your travel on?
I need the train for Monday.|What time would you like to leave and arrive?
No preference for when I arrive but I'd like to leave after 15:30.|Ok I will book it for you
Hello, have you heard of the Royal Spice Restaurant by chance?|I have! It serves indian food in the north part of town. Would you like more information?
Can you book it for 4 people at 13:15 on wednesday?|I have successfully booked you a table for 4 at 13:15.  The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.  The reference number is PRXYMNLC.
Thanks so much. Could you also help me find a train, for that same day?|Sure. There are many trains that day, do you have a specific destination and departure time in mind?
The same day as the restaurant booking I am going to cambridge and need to arrive there by 09:30.|Okay, where would you like to leave from?
I would like to leave from Stevenage|I've got the TR8723 leaving Stevenage and arriving in Cambridge by 08:43.  Would that work?
yes that sounds great. Can I get a reference number for that please|How many tickets would you like me to book?
I would like you to book me four tickets.|I was able to book you 4 tickets on that train. Your reference number is Y381CZMK. Is there anything more I can help with?
I think you took care of everything. Thanks. Take care now. Bye bye.|You're quite welcome, have a lovely trip!
Need a cheap place to eat at at the centre.|Dojo Noodle bar seems nice. Would you like me to make you a reservation?
I would prefer italian food.  Do you show something cheap in the center?|How about pizza hut city centre?
That sounds good. Can you set aside a table for 4 at 14:45 on Thursday?|Certainly.  I have made that reservation for 4 and the reference number is P79A65W8.  Is there anything else I can help you with today?
I am also looking for information on Autumn House. I believe it is a hotel.|The autumn house is a guest house it's in the cheap price range however has a 4 star rating.  It also offers internet and parking.
What is their phone number?|01223575122. Would you like me to book a room for you?
Yes please, that would be great.|What day will you be arriving, and how many people will be staying for how many nights?
I'd like Thursday for 4 people, please.|How many days would you like to stay?
You know what, I haven't fully decided yet. I've got their number, I can call later if I need to get a reservation. Thanks for all your help.|You're welcome. Please call back when I can assist you.
Do you know of any moderately priced restaurants in the north part of town? I'll need the address and phone number.|The Golden Wok is located at 191 histon road Chesterton. It's phone number is 01223350688.
Thank you good bye.|Enjoy your stay, good bye.
Hi, can you help me locate a hotel named City Centre B and B.  Really looking forward to trying different restaurants.|City Centre North B and B is at 328a Histon Road. Please let me know if you would like restaurant recommendations.
Can you please help me book that hotel for 8 people. We'll be staying for two nights starting on Tuesday.|i am doing that right away sir. thank you
Are you still there?  Were you able to book that?  Can I get a reference number please?|Booking was successful.
Reference number is : MOPETAI4.
Thank you, good bye|Thank you for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Have a great day.
I'm looking for a posh British restaurant to take my bird to, know of one?|Do you have any location in mind?
Any location is fine, Ill go with whatever you recommend, please book me for 7 people on monday at 11:00|A table has been booked for you at graffiti.
May I have the reference number?|The reference number is ABNPDU1B
I also need a train leaving on wednesday.|Where are you travelling to and at what time?
Departing from Cambridge and going to London Liverpool Street. Leaving Wednesday and want to arrive by 09:45.|I have two trains that will get you in by 9:45. What is the earliest you want to leave?
I would like the train that gets me there close to 9:45.|TR2835 will arrive by 09:27 how many tickets do you need for the train?
Oh, it's the same group of people from the restaurant. Can I get the reference number?|Booking was successful, the total fee is 116.2 GBP payable at the station .
Reference number is : XZCDEB01.
Thank you so much!|You're welcome. Do you need anything else today?
Nope, that'll be all for today. Thanks!|Thank you for calling and have a great trip! Goodbye.
Hi, I'm looking for a European restaurant.|The Eraina is an expensive European restaurant located at Free School Lane City Centre.
Is this actually located in the centre area?  I just want to make sure.|Yes it is located in the centre area, shall I reserve a table for you?
Yes.  Please reserve it for 5 people on Friday at 13:45.|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : DJ7MZL41. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Great. I'll also need to find a train out of cambridge. I need to leave sometime after 13:45.|May I get some more information from you to ensure we get you on the best train possible for you, the last bit of information I need is where you would like to arrive via train.
Of course, my destination will be stansted airport.|I have train TR1316, It arrives at 15:08. Would you like me to book it for you?
Yes, can you book it for 5 people and get me the reference number?|Unfortunately, I am unable to book it right now.
Oh. Could you please try again?|Booking was successful, the total fee is 50.5 GBP payable at the station .
Reference number is : GAF920N6. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No there is nothing else today. thanks, bye|You're welcome and enjoy your stay.
I need a place to eat in the east.|Do you have a preference for cuisine type or price?
Something that is moderate in price, and I'll need a table for 3 at 15:45 this coming saturday.|How about Curry Prince at 451 Newmarket Road Fen Ditton?
That sounds fine. Do they have a table available for 3 on Saturday at 15:45?|I'll check that now. If they have availability would you like me to reserve a table?
Yes, please, I would like that.|I was able to book it, reference number is 4269Q40G.
Thanks! I also need to book a hotel room.|I have 33 hotels.  Do you have a preference for area or price range?
I would love something 4 star rated and I have a lot of work to do in the room so free wifi would be great.|If you have no preference on area, I'd like to recommend the Autumn House in the east. Would you like to book a reservation?
Yes. I'd like to book for 3 people for 5 nights starting on Saturday.|You're all set. 5 nights at Autumn house, arriving on Saturday for 3 guests. Your Reference number is : VUOH5KP2.
Thank you.  That was all I needed.  Goodbye.|I am glad to have been able to assist you.
Could you recommend a restaurant that serves french food?  I'll need the address, phone number and postcode.  Thank you.|You would like a restaurant serving French food. Do you have a preference to what area it is located?
I don't care. please give me address, phone number, and postcode.|I can recommend 2 restaurants serving French cuisine:  Cote, located at Bridge Street City Centre C.b2, 1 U.F, phone number 01223 311053 or restaurant two two located at 22 Chesterton Road Chesterton, C.B 4, 3 A.X, phone number 01223 351880
thank you good bye|You are welcome.
I'm looking for a place called gonville hotel.|The Gonville is an elegant 3 star hotel in the centre of town, offering free wifi and free parking. Would you like a reservation or the number?
reservation, please. 1 person for 2 nights starting on tuesday.|All set. Your reference number is  P10CUJQ2.
Thank you. I also need a place to eat in the city centre.|Ok.  What type of restaurant are you interested in?
I'm looking for a cheap Indian restaurant.|Can I recommend the kohinoor. Shall I book it ?
What is the phone number, address, and postcode?|Kohinoor restaurant  address is 74 Mill Road City Centre,  postcode is cb12as and the phone number is 01223323639
Can you please help me get a taxi?|I need to know when you want to leave and arrival time in order for me to order you a taxi.
I want to leave the hotel by 08:15 going to the restaurant.|blue skoda
Contact number	:	07053589039
 Is there anything else I can assist you with?
That's all for now. Thank you for all your help.|Great. Have a good day.
I am looking for an expensive restaurant in the centre|Alright, well you have 33 to choose from. Any type of cuisine you're looking for?
I'll take something Chinese if you have it. I'll take the postcode of which every of those you recommend.|Okay the postcode for the Golden House is cb21eg. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, that will do it.  Thanks for your help.  Have a nice day.|I'm glad to be of service. Enjoy your dinner in Cambridge!
I am looking for a restaurant called curry garden.|it is a restrant that serves indian food located in the centre
Can you book a table for one at 12:30 on Friday?|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : 59R6SV6W.
Thank you for the reservation. I also need a train for the same day as the restaurant. A train which arrives by 8:00.|I have several trains available. Where will you be departing from?
I will be departing from Peterborough and arriving in Cambridge.|Thanks for the info, I found train ID TR8286 which departs at 6:48 and arrives by 7:38. Tickets cost 16.50 pounds. Would you like a reservation?
Yeah, just get 1 ticket please and tell me the reference number|Booking was successful, the total fee is 16.5 GBP payable at the station .Reference number is : E6IHM34H, Any further questions?
Thank you so much. Have a great day.|Thank you, have a great day.
I would like to find a 1 star hotel to stay at that includes free parking. Do you know of any?|There is no match for those criteria
Well could we look for a hotel in the moderate price range?|There are many in the moderate price range. What area of town would you like to be in? Guesthouse or hotel?
That does not matter but I want it to have 4 stars.|I would recommend the ayelsbray lodge guest house, would you like me to book you?
Not yet.  Could I get the address?|yes its 154 Chesterton Road , is there anything else ?
I also need to find somewhere to eat.|We a many great restaurants in town!  Is there a particular type of cuisine you would like?
I really just want a place in the centre that is also moderate in price|Would you like to try an Asian restaurant?
Sure! Could you book it for 8 people at 12:15?|What day would you like that booking for?
Sorry, I would like that for Thursday.|The table will be reserved for 15 minutes at the yippee noodle bar.
Reference number is : SYZP8RAY.
Thank you. That is all for now.|You are welcome. Enjoy your visit to Cambridge, bye
I need an expensive place to dine in the center of town.|What type of food are you wanting at this restaurant?
Type of food does not matter to me.|Yes there are 33 such restaurants. Would you like me to book one for you?
Yes and book one in the centre of town for tonight.|Certainly. How many will be in your party?
just one, and can you book me for 14:00?|fitzbillies restaurant is British cuisine. Would you like me to book a reservation?
Sure, for Thursday.|Booking was unsuccessful. Want to try another restaurant?
Please book a different restaurant in the same area and price range.|Okay. I got you into the Cambridge Chop House and your reference number is T3XZDZFC.
Thank you. That's all I need today.|Thank you for using this service. Good bye.
Hey there,  I am traveling to Cambridge and needing to see about booking a place to eat.  I am interested in Portuguese food and don't mine a more expensive menu.|Yes, we do have a couple of Portuguese restaurants, Nandos located in the south and Nandos City Centre located in the centre. Do you have a preference for the location?
I would like to go to Nandos in the south|Would you like reservations?  It is located at cambridge leisure park clifton way.
Can you give me the exact address?|I'm sorry that is the only address I have available to me. Would you like the phone number?
No thank you. I also need a train to cambridge.|Where are you traveling from?
I am traveling from Ely. The train should arrive by 19:00 and I would like to leave on Friday.|the TR2759 will arrive by 17:52. would you like a ticket?
Yes, I'd like two tickets.|Okay. The booking was successful! The total fee is 8.8 GBP which is payable at the station. Your reference number is HH0K9RFR.
That should be everything for me. Thank you so much for the help!|Have a great day!
I need information about places to stay that have a 4-star rating and offer free wifi.|There are many options available for you. In what area would you like to be located?
I  don't mind the area.|I recommend the Allenbell guesthouse. It's 4 stars, but cheap!
What's the address there, please.|The address is 517a coldham lane. Do you need anything else?
i need to go eat|Did you need help finding information on restaurants?
Yes, I'd like something cheap in the centre.|i have 15 cheap restaurants in that area. what is your preferred food?
I don't have a preference for food. Anything is fine. Just cheap and in the Centre.|I recommend the golden house, if you like Chinese. I'd be happy to book a table for you.
Book table for 3 saturday at 19:30 and need reference number. I want a taxi to go between the guesthouse and restaurant in time for reservation. Contact number & car type?|Ok, your reference number for the restaurant is CFR1XESP. Before I move on, did you need anything else regarding dining?
Thank you! No, I just need to get a taxi that arrives before my reservation time, please.|Where will you be departing from?
I will be leaving the hotel|Booked. The Taxi will be a blue volvo and the contact number: 07653266113
Thank you so much for your help. I think that's all I need right now.|welcome all the time
Thanks so much! Have a great day!|Have a great time in Cambridge.  Goodbye.
I am looking for information on a place called Bridge Guest House. Can you help me?|OK, it is a 3-star moderately priced guesthouse in the south. It offers free parking and WiFi to guests. Do you need more info?
No, that's all I need.|its available shall i book it for you ?
No thank you. But can you tell me if there's a restaurant called cocum in town?|Yes, there is. It's an expensive indian restaurant in the west. Did you need a reservation or more information?
I'd like a reservation, please? Can we make it for Saturday at 16:00 for 7 people?|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Reference number is : P98ZTJBU. anything else?
That is all I need. Thank you.|You're welcome. Have a good day and enjoy your visit!
Where can I find the galleria restaurant?|Sure.  The Galleria Restaurant is located at 33 Bridge Street.  Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Could you set up a reservation for 2, at 14:00 on Tuesday?|That reservation has been made. The reference number is E2JBIHKC.
Awesome. Now please find me a train from Kings Lynn to cambridge|What day will you travel?
I need it for Tuesday I want to arrive by 14:45.|Train TR9102 leaves at 5:11,would you like me to book it for you ?
Actually I need to arrive by 11:45, sorry.  What's the closest arriving to that time?|TR1704 arrives in Cambridge on Tuesday by 10:58, would you like to reserve a seat?
Yes, please book 2 tickets and then give me the reference number|The reference number for your train booking is HWIMEWD3. Anything else?
That is all for now. Thank you very much.|Great, it was my pleasure! Goodbye, until next time!
I want to find some international food in the east part of town.|The Missing Sock serves international food and is located in the east side of town, at Finders Corner Newmarket Road. Would you like more information or a reservation?
I need the restaurant to be cheap, does this restaurant fir that criteria?|Yes, the Missing Sock is listed as being in the cheap price range. Would you like to reserve a table?
Yes, please book for 8 people on Saturday for 12:30.|I am sorry but the Missing Sock is full. May I look for another restaurant for you on the east side of town?
Can you find me something in the same price range?|There is nothing else. Would you like to try another time?
I was really hoping to find a cheap restaurant in the east part of town.  Can you check for availability again?  Any cuisine is fine.|I'm sorry bu there are no other restaurants on the east side of town that are listed as cheap. Can we try another part of town?
Yes alright then.|I will look up a cheap restaurant on the other part of the town.
Ok, any area will be ok|I am sorry there are no others in any area,would you like me to check in another price range?
No, I need a cheap restaurant in the east.|The Missing Sock is the only cheap restaurant in the east. Can you perhaps do another time?
I really needed it to be at that time. Thank you for your help.|I'm really sorry we couldn't book the table for you. Is there anything else that I can help you with today?
You're certain that, with no particular cuisine needed, there were no cheap restaurants at all?|I booked for you a table at gardenia. It's in the center  and serves mediterranean food. Your reservation is on MSF1LNO1.
Thanks, I hope it will be a good one. Bye!|I'm sure it will, bye!
Hi, I'm looking for a train to Cambridge on Monday|May I ask where you are leaving from?
Sure.  I'm leaving from Kings Lynn sometime after 12:45 on Monday.  Do you have anything?|The earliest train after that time is TR4329. It leaves at 13:11 and arrives in Cambridge at 13:58. Would that work for you or would you like a later train?
That will work. Can you book 7 tickets for that one please?|Okay, you are booked for 7 people on TR4329, your reference number is S9WXSL0O.
Great I'm also looking for an expensive restaurant in the west part of town|I have several. What type of food are you looking for? I have British, Chinese, Indian and Gastropub food to choose from in this price range.
It should serve Italian food.|I have no Italian food available.
Ok no problem. Is there a place that serves Indian food instead?|Yes, there are 5 Indian restaurants in the west. May I recommend Tandoori Palace on Histon Road, Chesterton.
That sounds great. May I have the address and phone number for the Tandoori Palace, please?|Their address is 68 Histon Road Chesterton and the phone number is 01223506055. Will there be anything else I can assist you with today?
Thank you. That is all that I need.|OK, thanks for using Cambridge TownInfo centre. Have a great day!
I want a restaurant in the north of Cambridge that is within a moderate price range.|There are two restaurants fitting your description, one is Chinese cuisine and one is Indian cuisine. Do you have a preference?
Please book a table for 4 at the Chinese place at 12:30 on Sunday and give me the reference number.|Okay you're all set for Sunday at 12:30. Your reference number is F5BTP63A. Can I help you find anything else?
I am also looking for a train that goes to broxbourne on monday.|There are 19 trains to broxbourne on Monday leaving every hour starting at 05:01. Is there a specific time you'd like?
I would like to arrive in broxbourne by 13:00.|The one arriving closest to 13:00 is TR5971 leaving cambridge at 11:01 and arrives by 12:01 in broxbourne. Would you like to book a ticket?
Can I just get the price on one of them?|All tickets from cambridge to broxbourne on that day cost 17.90 pounds each.
Please book one.|How many tickets do I need to reserve for your train?
Just one, thank you! Please provide me with a reference number.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 17.89 GBP payable at the station. Reference number is : T1FGQFDJ. Can I help with anything else today?
No, thank you. That will be all for today. Thanks.|Have a great day.
I am looking for a restaurant in the south part of town that is moderately priced.|There is the Pizza Hut Cherry Hinton which serves Italian food and the Restaurant Alimentum which serves Modern European food. Which would you like?
Is there any Korean food?|Yes, Little Seoul is an expensive Korean restaurant in the centre of town.
No, I need something moderate priced in the south. Is there one that serves modern european food?|Restaurant Alimentum in modern European moderately priced in the south.  Would you like for me to book it?
No but I would like their phone number, address and postcode.|Alimentum is located at 152-154 Hills Road, postcode cb28pb, and their phone number is 01223413000. Is there any other way I could be of assistance?
I am also looking for a place to go. Can you recommend a theatre?|What area?
Area doesn't really matter. Are there a lot of theatre options in town?|Cambridge Arts Theater located at 6 saint edwards passage
That sounds great! Could you please give me the phone number?|The number is 01223503333.
I think that's it. Thank you!|im glad to have satisfied you in every way possible for me to given the context of this interaction
Great, thank you for the help.|You are welcome.  Have a great day.
Hi, I'm trying to find a restaurant called sala thong.|Sala Thong is a great Thai restaurant in the West. Would you like me to book a table for you?
Sure.  I need a table for Friday at 14:15 for 5 people.|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Reference number is : V6LXVBDJ.
rad, thanks for your help.|Can I help with anything else today?
I am also looking for a place to stay that has free wifi.|Do you want to stay in a particular area of town?
Yes, I want to stay on the north side of town.|How about kirkwood house??
Is that in the expensive price range and do they have free internet and parking?|They do have free internet and parking but the price is in the moderate range.
I definitely want to stay in the expensive range, so how about we change the area to the centre of town. What do you have there with wifi and parking?|We have Gonville Hotel with 3 stars and University Arms Hotel with 4 stars. Which would you like more information on?
I will take the University Arms Hotel, please. I would like it booked for 4 nights on Friday. There are 5 people in my group.|You are all set the reference number is CZ52QG8N, anything else today?
Not at this time thank you.|Thank you for calling and have a great day. Goodbye.
I am looking for something fun to do while in town. A nightclub would be nice.|Most of our nightclubs are right in the center of town. Kambar is my favorite.
Awesome! Can you provide me with the address, entrance fee, and postcode, please?|The address is 1 wheeler street cb23qb and admission is 5 pounds, would you like their phone number?
No, thanks. Can you find a gastropub restaurant in the centre, please?|backstreet bistro is an expensive gastropub in the centre area. Would you like more information?
is it in moderate price range?|it is an expensive gastropub
Do you have anything in the moderate price range?|Yes, there's the the cow pizza kitchen and bar.
What is their address?|They're located on Corn Exchange Street. Would you like me to make a reservation for you?
No, I just need information for today.  You have answered all of my questions.  Thanks so much.  Bye.|Thank you for using the Cambridge Town Info Centre Services. I hope you enjoy your time in Cambridge!
I want to find a cheap restaurant serving hungarian food.|What area would you like to look in?
I do not care about the area as long as it is hungarian food and cheap.|There are no hungarian restaurants I can direct you to.  Would you like another type of food?
Yes, how about a restaurant that serves modern european food?|The the river bar steakhouse and grill is cheap and serves modern european food
Can I get the address and postcode?|Their address is Quayside Off Bridge Street and the postcode is C.B 5, 8 A.Q. May I help you with anything else?
That's it, Thank you, goodbye|You're welcome and good bye.
Are there any places that serve Christmas food? I heard there might be something like that around here.|I am sorry I do not see any place that serves Christmas food.  Would you like me to look for a different type of food?
How about some Chinese food?|I have a lot of choices for Chinese food. What price range were you looking for? Or area?
No preference, just pick a nice one and provide me with the name and phone number please.|Yu Garden is excellent. Their phone number is 01223244149. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Ok, so their number is 01223244149? Is there any Chinese attractions around the same area as the Yu Garden?|There are no Chinese attractions in town. Is there a different type of attraction that you are looking for?
How about a boat attraction?|There is one boat attraction in the east near Yu Garden called Camboats, located at The Plough, Green End, Fen Ditton. Their number is 01223902112. Anything else?
Can you book my a taxi between the two? I want to leave Camboats for Yu Garden by 8:30.|Your taxi is booked and it will be a yellow tesla. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Nope, that's all I needed. Thanks so much!|Also, just in case you need it the contact number for the taxi is Contact number 07633485095. Is there anything else I can do for you today?
No that is all thank you!|We are happy to help. Thank you for using our service.
i am looking for a place to dine. The restaurant should be in the moderate price range and should serve international food.|May I recommend Bloomsbury Restaurant?  It serves wonderful International food.
Are they located in the cetre?|Yes, they are. Should I book that for you?
Yes, please try for Sunday at 19:00 for 2 people.|Alright - you are booked, reference number is 4GHAH1TC.
Thanks so much.  That's all I needed.  Goodbye.|Thank you for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Have a great day.
I want to book a train departing from bishops stortford.|What day and time do you want to leave bishops stortford?
I want to leave on Saturday, after 18:00|The first train leaving after 18:00 is TR7734 departing at 19:29 and arriving by 20:07 in Cambridge. Would you like to book a ticket?
Yes, could I book 8 tickets for that train?|I have 8 train tickets ready with a total of 64.64 GBP and your reference number is TXEB3LHO. Can I help you with anything else?
Yes, I am also looking for an expensive place to eat near the centre area.|There are several restaurants in the area that meet your criteria.  What type of cuisine would you like?
Anywhere that has availability for 8 people at 21:00 on Saturday|Shall I try to book you at the Bedouin? It serves African cuisine.
ok, that sounds good.|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Your reference number is 43DRAAAJ. Will that be all for today?
Yes that will be all. Thank you for all of your help!|Enjoy your trip and have a good day.
I want a restaurant that serves international cuisine.|There are three restaurants of varying price range serving your requested type of cuisine. Would you like to narrow your request?
I would like to know one of the address and phone number.|The Varisty restaurant, a Centre location is at 35 Sanit Andrews street city centre with a phone number of 01223 356060.
thank you good bye|You are welcome.
Hello, I'm looking for a restaurant that is expensive and located in the centre.|Sure, there are plenty of restaurants like that. Did you have a certain type of food in mind?
I am actually looking for a lively gastropub.|I would recommend either Backstreet Bistro or The Slug and Lettuce.
The Slug and Lettuce sounds interesting. Can I have the postcode, address, and phone number please?|I don't have a phone number for them, but the address is 34 - 35 Green Street, postal code cb23ju. Is there anything else I can do today?
I am also looking for an entertainment attraction in the same area of town that the restaurant is in, can you help with that?|I can definitely help you.  Do you want a boat, cinema, college, or maybe a museum?
Is there anything listed as simply "entertainment" in the center?|There are no entertainment venues in Centre unfortunately. I can either look for a different venue type or another part of town if you like.
Please try a college, instead. Could I get the postcode and phone number?|How about downing college on regent street, cb21dq? Their phone number is 01223334860.
Thank you so very much that is exactly what I was looking for! Thank you and have a  great day.|You're welcome. Have a great time!
I'm looking for an expensive restaurant in the centre if you could help me.|I sure can.  There are lots of choices.  Are you looking for a particular type of food?
No, not really. I think I'd like to try something different. Could you suggest something?|There is a Korean restaurant called Little Seoul located at 108 Regent Street City Centre. Would you like their phone number?
Yes, I would like both the phone number and the postcode please.|The phone number for little seoul is 01223308681, postcode cb21dp.  Can I help you with anything else today?
Can I also have the address please?|The address for Little Seoul is 108 Regent Street, City Centre.  Is there anything else I can help you with?
I also want to see the travel times for a train going from Kings Lynn from Cambridge on Saturday. It should leave after 09:15.|Is there a time you would like to arrive by?
I got that backwards.  Need a train leaving Kings Lynn after 9:15 and arriving in Cambridge sometime on Saturday.|TR2514 leaves at 10:11 and arrives at 10:58. Will this one work for you?
Sure. Could you tell me the exact travel time?|Sure. The travel time for TR2514 is 47 minutes. Anything else I can help you with today?
that is it for today. good day thank you|Have a wonderful day yourself. Goodbye.
I'm looking for a Lebanese restaurant that is expensive in price.|I am very sorry there are no results for an expensive lebanese restaurant. Would you like to try for a different type of cuisine?
No I'd really like lebanese, is there one in the centre area?|I have the Ali Baba restaurant in the centre of town. They are moderately priced. Can I help you in reserving a table?
Really? The Ali Baba is Lebanese?|Yes. The ali baba is lebanese. Would you like to book a table?
Yes I would like to book a table for 7 people at 16:45 on thursday.|The booking was unsuccessful, would you like to try another time?
Is there an opening available at 15:45? I'll also need the reservation number if it's available.|Yes I was able to make that reservation at 15:45 your reference number XH49SBME.
Thanks, I also need a train from cambridge to peterborough afterwards|There are 16 trains leaving on Thursday after your dinner.  I would think 2 hours should be long enough?  So there is one at 18:06 I can recommend.
I'd like my train to arrive by 16:45, please.|I have train TR4814 that will be departing at 15:34 and will get you there by 16:24. Would that be something that interests you?
Yes, that sounds like it will work for me.  Thank you for the information.  That should be all I need today.|You are welcome. Thank you for contacting the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Good bye.
I am needing help with your train schedules.|What is your planned itinerary?
I will be departing from Birmingham New Street and arriving in Cambridge on Sunday at 18:45.|What time do you want to leave by?
I would like to leave no later than 19:30.|There are no trains that match your criteria. Can you verify the time you want to leave?
I do not care what time it is leaving but check again for it arriving by 18:45.|The closest train i have leaves on sunday at 15:40 and arrives by 18:23. Would you like me to book you a ticket?
Yes please, and then I need to find a restaurant.|Your ticket is booked. Reference number YWNA32TE. What kind of restaurant are you looking for?
I would like a chinese place.|In what area of town?
The centre please!|charlie chan is very popular. Would you like to make a booking?
No thank you that will be all|Thank you for contacting the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Goodbye
I am looking for a place to dine in the south it needs to be cheap as well.|I have 2 different options that are cheap and in the south. The Lucky Star has great chinese food. Or, there is Nando's that offers wonderful portuguese food.
I'll go with Nando's. Thanks.|What day and time would you like a reservation and for how many people?
Please book for 6 people on Sunday at 13:15.|You are all booked. Your reference number is KADPMUCR. Is there anything else i can help you with?
yes, i am also looking for a cinema near the restaurant.|Cineworld Cinema is also in the South, close to the restaurant.
Great!  Can I get the adress?|The address is cambridge leisure park, clifton way. Can I do anything else today?
Yes, could you please book a taxi from the cinema to the restaurant, arriving by my reservation time. And give me the car type and contact number please|I have that booked for you in a grey honda and the contact number is 07797257618.
Thank you. My visit is all set. Thanks for the bookings. Goodbye.|You're welcome and enjoy your stay.
I need to take a train, I want to leave on Wednesday after 11:00.|sure, what is your destination?
From broxbourne to cambridge.|I have 13 trains that would work. They depart every hour, starting at 11:32.  What time would you like to arrive in Cambridge?
Arrival time doesn't matter as long as I leave after 11:00.|I can help you with that, how many tickets do you need?
I just need information right now. Would you choose a train leaving after 11:00? I need the train ID, arrival time and price, please.|TR5953 arrives by 12:32 and costs 17.90 pounds per ticket. The travel time is 60 minutes
Thank you , can you help me find an Indian restaurant in the centre?|There are several Indian restaurants to choose from, are you looking for a certain price range?
I want the restaurant to be expensive.|There are six options but my personal favorite is saffron brasserie, would you like a booking or just more information?
I trust your opinion. Please book a table at Saffron Brasserie for 5 people at 15:15 on Wednesday.|Your reservation was made at the saffron brasserie. Your reference number for your reservation is  0B8PEDPB.
Thank you so much.  That was everything I needed!|Thanks for using the Cambridge TownInfo Centre. Goodbye!
I am looking for information on attractions in the west side of town.|Do you have any attraction type in mind?
Not really, but I do need a postcode.|You can visit the Cambridge and County Folk Museum, it is located at 2-3 castle street and the admission price is 3.50 pounds.
thanks! can you help me find a restaurant in that area? I want to spend a lot of money|What type of food are you interested in?
I'm open to suggestions.|I would suggest graffiti
Okay. Why type of food do they serve and I need the postcode then too please|Graffiti serves British food, and they're located in postcode cb30lx.
Great.  Thanks for your assistance!|You are welcome.  I forgot to get you the postcode for Cambridge County you asked for.  It is cb30aq.  Will that be all for today?
that is all the information I need today thank you.|You're welcome. Have a great day.
I'm looking for an attraction in the centre.|There are so many to choose from. Any idea what kind of attraction you would like to visit?
Yes, I would like to go to a college with free admission.|There are 10 colleges in the centre with free admission. Would you like me to suggest one?
What is that college's postcode? I'm also hungry and want somewhere to eat.|Christ's college have a free entrance
Can you give me the postcode for Christ's College?|sure thing it is cb23bu, anything else today?
Yes, I'd like to find a cheap Chinese restaurant.|There are four options, charlie chan is in the centre near the college that you are visiting, shall I book you?
Yes please book it for monday at 11:15|How many will be at your table?
It will just be a table for one. Go ahead and book it|The reference # is 4ZBQs5GE. Need anything else?
I also need a taxi that will arrive by the booking time.|Booked car type	:	white ford
Contact number	:	07018249902
Great, that's all I need...thanks so much! Have a great day!|You are welcome.  Glad to be of assistance. Enjoy your stay in Cambridge.  Bye.
I am looking for a restaurant called Saint Johns Chop House, can you help me find it?|Saint johns chop house is located on 21 - 24 Northampton Street. Would you like to book a table?
Yes. Would you be able to book Monday at 18:15 for a party of 3?|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Reference number is : 5CWN8I1X.
I'm also looking for places to go while I'm there, preferable something in the west.|There are 13 entries that match your criteria. What entrance fee are you looking to meet?
Any is fine, I'm not picky|Do you have a preference on whether  it is a college, museum, or entertainment?
How about a museum? And could you provide me with a postcode and phone number please?|Kettle's Yard is great. Their phone number is 01223748100. The postcode is cb30aq.
Thank you so much. That is all I need.|You're welcome, enjoy your stay!
I am looking for Basque food, in the Centre of town.|I am sorry but there are no matching records found. Can I help you with something else?
Any restaurants in the centre area with an expensive price range?|There are 33 restaurants with that criteria. Would you like to narrow your search?
Do any of them serve Italian cuisine?|Yes, 4. stazione restaurant and coffee bar, clowns cafe, don pasquale pizzeria, and caffe uno.
Caffe Uno sounds good. Could you book a table for 5 people at 19:30 on monday?|It is unavailable for that time. Would you like to try another time or place?
How about another restaurant in the same area and price range?|I was able to book you at another Italian place by the name of Clowns Caafe, your reference number is BAOHHC1Z, is there anything else that i can assist with?
No that will be all. Thanks for your help.|Thank you for calling. Have a great day!
I am looking for a place to stay|There are are lots of options. Is there a particular side of town you would like to stay in?
I'm looking for something moderately priced in the west.|Hobsons House is exactly what you're looking for. Would you like me to book it for you?
Are they 4 star rated by chance?|I am sorry I have no listings for any with 4 stars.
That's okay. Can you look for one that is expensive?|the huntingdon marriot hotel is great!
Sounds good. Can you book for Wednesday for 1 person, 4 nights?|The booking was successful, your reference number is N7L47L69.
I also need a restaurant that serves venetian food, in the expensive range.|I'm sorry, I can't find any restaurants matching your request. Would you like to try for a different type of cuisine perhaps?
OK, then please try Italian restaurants.|I have the caffee uno located in the centre.
Great! I would like a reservation for Wednesday.|Certainly, at what time?  And how many will be in your party?
The same group of people discussed at 18:15 the same day.|Table for 1 at Caffe Uno is confirmed for Wednesday at 18:15. They will hold your table until 15 minutes after your reservation time. Your confirmation number is A3L9KQ34.
Awesome. Now please book me a taxi to the restaurant. Just please make sure I get their in time for my reservation|In order to book a taxi I need the travel time, departure location and the arrival location.
I will be leaving the restaurant.|Please to book a taxi I need departure location, arival location and travel time. Please provide that information.
Yes, I will be leaving from the hotel. I will need to arrive at the restaurant by 18:15 on Wednesday.|Your taxi has been booked. It will be a white Volvo and their contact number is 07236170295.
Thank you so much for all your help. Have a great day.|Thank you for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Have a great day.
I need to place to eat, say, in the center of the town with some creative food.|I don't have any creative restaurants in that area. maybe another cuisine?
What about Italian food?|We have many Italian restaurants! If price is no issue, I recommend Caffe Uno.
That is great. I need to make a booking for one.|I can do that. What day and time would you like the booking?
book a table for 1 people at 11:15 on tuesday with reference number please and thank you|Your reservation is booked. Your reference number is 4UROSY5A.
Thanks for handling the restaurant booking. I also need a cheap place to stay near the restaurant.|If a guesthouse is okay, Alexander Bed and Breakfast is a 4-star cheap hotel in the center part of town near the restaurant. Will that work?
That sounds great! Can I get the phone number and postcode too?|The phone number is 01223525725 and the postcode is cb12de
Great, Thank you so much for all your help.|You are most welcome. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
No, that's everything I needed. Thanks again! Goodbye!|Have a wonderful trip.
What are some nice, expensive restaurants in the center of town?|The Bedouin, Kymmoy & Midsummer House Restaurants match your desired criteria, would you like me to book you a table?
I would like a table for 1 at 18:15 on Tuesday at the Bedouin, please. And may I have the reference number when it's booked?|Your table is booked and is reserved for 15 minutes. Your reference number is I9AKFZC5. Can I help you with anything else today?
Yes I need a hotel with free wi-fi.|Okay there are many to choose from. Do you have a preference for the area you stay in?
How about near the restaurant?|Alexander bed and breakfast is located in the centre which is close to the hotel. Would you like me to book you a reservation here?
Is that one expensive? I would like an expensive, 4-star hotel.|No that is a cheap hotel but is rated 4 stars. How about the university arms hotel, its is 4 stars and expensive.
Sounds great! Please book a 4 night stay for 1 person on tuesday.|Okay, I've booked you for one person at University Arms, starting on Tuesday, for 4 days. Your reference number is HSVG3GT9.
Yes I also need to book a taxi to take us between the hotel and the restaurant. I will need the car type and a contact number for the booking.|I can do that, when would you like the taxi to pick you up?
I would like to get the taxi to get me there by 18:15 please|I was able to book a black ford phone number is 07618987553
Thank you for your help.|I'm happy to have assisted you. Is there anything else I can do for you today?
No.  Thank you, you have been very helpful.|I am happy to help
Thank you good bye.|Goodbye and take care! We hope to see you again.
I want to visit a restaurant that would be popular with college students and located near the center of town; can you make a recommendation?|What type of food would you be interested in?
Actually, I want to visit a college. Somewhere in the centre.|I would suggest downing college, would you like the address?
Yes, that would be great. Can you also give me the entrance fee and postcode for that college?|The address is regent street and there is no entry fee.
Thank you. Do you have the postcode, please?|The postcode for Downing College is cb21dq. Anything else I have help you with?
Yes, I need a place to eat in that area. I want Italian food.|I would suggest pizza express.
Can you check if they would have a table for 7 at 17:45 on Sunday?|Yes, they had a table available and I went ahead and booked it for you. Your reference number is HXSPEY9N. What else can I do for you?
I'll need a taxi to get me from downing college to pizza express by 17:45. can you set that up for me?|I can do that for you!  I have your taxi booked.  Anything else?
Would you know what type of car will pick me up? May I please have a contact number for the taxi?|Booked car type red volkswagen
 Contact number 07633256482
Thank you! That is all that I need.|Thank you for letting us assist you today! Enjoy your visit!
Need a place to dine, chinese near centre.|I have 10 places. Would you like a certain price range?
I prefer something cheap.|There are three options, charlie chan, rice house and golden house.  Can I book you for one of those?
Lets go with charlie chan, I would like to to book a table for 5 people at 11:00 on wednesday.|Your booking was successful, the reference number is B1FIKA09.
I am also looking for a place to stay at a 4 star hotel near the restaurant.|There are two located in the same area. alexander bed and breakfast	and university arms hotel?
Are either option cheap?|The Alexander Bed and Breakfast is cheap, would you like to book it?
Yes, for 5 nights on the same day. I also need the reference number. Thanks!|I was able to book a room for 5 people, 5 nights. Your reference # is 5DD52JOS. Can I help you with anything else today?
I think that is all I need today. Thank you for all your help.|Okay, have a great day!
I want a place to eat in the west.|Do you have a particular type of food in mind?
I have a taste for something British.|Ok, there are three options in that area. Do you have a certain price range?
I want the most expensive one.|There's Graffiti and Travellers Rest. Which one of the two restaurants do you like?
Travellers Rest sounds good please make a booking for 2 people at 17:00 on sunday.|Your table for 2 has been reserved at Travellers Rest and your reference number is BSEJZQE6. They'll hold the table for 15 minutes past 17:00. Need anything else today?
I also need a train. Leaving Cambridge on Monday.|OK, where are you headed and at what time of day?
i want to go to stevenage|There are several trains going to stevenage on Monday, do you have a time preference?
I would like to get there by 21:30.|Okay, we have train's leaving at 05:21 and every hour after for seven hours. Would you like to book one?
Just book one that will get me to Stevenage by 21:30 please.  2 Tickets, just like dinner.|Your tickets are booked for train TR9082. The total fee is 25.6 GBP. Your reference number is WSUH42EM. Is there anything else?
Thank you for the booking and reference number. I'll let you know if I need anything else.|it was my pleasure to help. goodbye.
Can you tell me some info on the Avalon hotel?|The Avalon is a 4 star moderately priced guesthouse in the north with free internet. Would you like to book there?
Yes can you book it for 5 people on Saturday? We need rooms for 4 nights.|That one is not open, shall I try a shorter stay?
I guess we could shorten it; can you try 2 nights instead?|Booking was successful.
Reference number is : ZWN28J72. Do you need anything else?
Yes I am looking for a restaurant called Frankie and Bennys|its in Cambridge Leisure Park Clifton Way Cherry Hinton. should i book for you a room?
Yes, the five of us would like to eat at 17:45 before we check in to the hotel.|I'm sorry, but I cannot get you in at that time.  Is there another day or time slot that would work for you?
Book it for 30 min earlier. I need the reference number.|Oh! I got you the table for your original time at 17:45. Your reference number is 6MIRFIR2. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I also need to book a taxi from the restaurant to the hotel.|For what times.
I need a taxi so that it arrives by the time of my reservation at the restaurant.|Your taxi has been booked to  take you from Avalon to Frankie and Benny's at 17:45. Your taxi will be a black tesla and the contact bumber is 07715682347.
That sounds great. Thank you very much.|Will you need any thing else now?
No thank you that will be all for me, goodbye.|Thank you for contacting Cambridge TownInfo centre.  I hope you have a pleasant trip!  Goodbye!
Hey, when I was a kid my parents took me to a place called the cow pizza kitchen and bar. Is it still around?|It certainly is. It's located at Corn Exchange Street.
I need to book a table for 5 at 16:45 on wednesday.|Your table has been booked. Your reference number is JGNHU2IV. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Excellent, thank you for the assistance!|You're welcome, is there anything else I can help you with?
I was also wanting to get some help finding a train to get me to London Kings Cross.|What day would you like your train to leave? Also what time, and where will you be departing from?
i want to leave on monday and arrive by 8|We have trains leaving before 8 every day this week, which day is preferred?
I would like to leave on Monday.|Ok, the TR228 will get you to london at 07:51. It leaves cambridge at 07:00. Can I book it for you?
Can you tell me the price?|The train is TR2289. The fare is 23.60 pounds. Do you need more information?
That was all I needed to know.  Thank you, goodbye.|You're welcome, have a great day.
I need some portuguese food! I need a restaurant in any area. Please give me a phone number.|Nandos is located in the south area. Address is Cambridge Leisure Park Clifton Way and phone number is 01223 327908.
Is there anything else?|Nandos city centre is in the centre part of town.  Their phone number is 01223 327908
Thank you. Goodbye.|Thank you, goodbye.
I'm looking for unusual food in the south part of town.|what price range do you prefer ?
I have no preference.|There are no restaurants in the south part of town serving unusual type food.
What about Italian food?|Frankie and Bennys is an Italian restaurant in the south part of town and is in the expensive price range.
What is the phone number and postcode?|The postcode for Frankie and Bennys is C.B 1, 7 D.Y and the phone number is 01223 412430.
Thank you, goodbye|Goodbye
cambridge has a college that is in the centre. I would like to know more|There are 13 colleges in the centre area of Cambridge. Did you have a particular one in mind?
No, but can you tell me the address for the best one to visit?|Sure, Christ's College is on saint andrew's street and the postcode is cb23bu.
Thanks. Could you also help me find a place to eat?|Sure! What kind of food do you want?
I would like gastropub food.|what about royal standard? it's lovely
Is that in the moderate price range?|It is in the expensive range. However, the cow pizza kitchen and bar is in the moderate range.
Sure, that works.  What is the area, postcode and phone number for the Cow Pizza Kitchen and Bar?|01223308871 is the number and the postcoade and address is cb23qf Corn Exchange Street
Thanks so much!|Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No that was all I needed. Thank you so much.|You're welcome, have a great day!
I want to find out about expensive restaurants in the centre.|There are 33. What kind of cuisine would you like?
Expensive and in the cetre of town and I need you to book it for 6 at 20:00 on Wednesday|The price range is not cuisine. What kind of food do you like?
I do not care about the kind of food. Surprise me.|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Reference number is : F6AK4P82.
Get me a hotel in the same area with the same price range for 5 staying for 2 nights, with a taxi that arrives at the restaurant by the booked time|How does the gonville hotel sound to you?
Great. I'd love to book it.|Your booking was successful, and the reference number is TCGX5CE3. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Please book a taxi to take me from my hotel to the restaurant in time for my reservation. Give me contact number and car type too.|Taxi from Kymmoy to gonville hotel 
Booking completed!
Booked car type	:	red volvo
Contact number	:	07290822722
That is all, thank you so much for your help!|You are welcome, have a great day.
Thanks you too. Goodbye.|Enjoy your time in Cambridge, goodbye
I want a moderately priced restaurant in the north part of town. What is the address?|The Nirala is a great moderately priced Indian restaurant in the north part of town. They are located at 191 Histon Road Chesterton. Is there anything else I can do for you today?
Thank you, goodbye.|Thank you. Good bye.
I'm looking for a place to eat.|Sure! Did you have a type of food in mind?
I would like Americas food.|OK, the gourmet burger kitchen	is a north american restaurant.
Is the Gourmet Burger Kitchen located in the centre of town?|Yes it is. Could you like a reservation?
Yes, please. Thursday at 20:00 would be ideal. There are 5 of us.|Your reservation is complete. Table for 5 on Thursday at 20:00.  Your reference number is WXIAOK8F. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, I'm also looking for a train on Thursday heading to Cambridge.|Ok.  Where will you be departing from?
Norwich. I need to get to Cambridge by 12:30.|TR6655 leaves Norwich at 10:16 and arrives at Cambridge at 11:35. Do you want me to book this train?
Yes, please book tickets for 5 people and send me the reference number|The booking was successful and the reference number is 35C0PZCY.
Thank you for your time.|Your are welcome, enjoy your stay in Cambridge
I am looking for an expensive restaurant that serves Portuguese food. Please also provide the phone number.|I do not show an expensive Portuguese restaurant. Can I look for something else?
How about french food?|Cote is a French restaurant located in the centre part of town and is in the expensive price range.   Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Yes, could I have their phone number?|The phone number for Cote is 01223 311053.
Thank you!  Goodbye!|Thank you for using the Cambridge restaurant system. Goodbye.
Hi can you suggest a good Indian restaurant in cambridge? Also I'd like some information on trinity college. Can you help me with that?|There are several Indian restaurants in Cambridge. What part of town would you like to eat in?
I don't want a restaurant, sorry. I am trying to get the phone number to trinity college, can you give it to me?|The phone number for Trinity College is 01223338400. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I'm also looking for a restaurant that serves Chinese food and is in the east part of town.|I do have one restaurant. It is called Yu Garden. They are expensive and located in the east. Would you like me to reserve a table?
What is the restaurant's phone number?|Yu Garden's phone number is 01223248882.  Is there anything else I can help you with?
I also need a taxi to take me between the two places.|I need to know when you would like to leave
I would like to leave by 17:15.|Booking completed!
Booked car type	:	white toyota
Contact number	:	07530268013
Can I help with anything else?
That is all I need. Thank you, good bye.|You are welcome, glad to be of assistance.  Have a nice stay in Cambridge.  Bye.
Hello! What can you tell me about the Shiraz restaurant?|Well it's in the expensive price range, they serve mediterranean food and it's located in the centre. Would you like the address and phone number as well?
Sounds good! I'd like to book a table for four at 14:00 on Monday.|There are no reservations available at that time. would you like to adjust this?
Could you change the time to 13:00.|I was able to successfully book that for 13:00 on Monday. Your reference number is TXIPL225. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Great I am also looking to find the Arbury Lodge Guesthouse.|Sure, it is a 4 star guesthouse located at 82 Arbury Road.  Do you need me to book a room for you?
Yes. Can you book for 4 people for 2 nights starting on monday?|The booking was successful. The Reference number is  8Q18SIDO. Anything else I can do for you?
That's all I need, thank you very much!|Your welcome. Please contact us again if we can help you with anything.
I am looking for a Chinese restaurant in the cheap price range.|There are 3 restaurants in centre and one in south. Which area are you most interested in?
Let's try the one in the south. Are there openings on Tuesday?|I would need to know what time and for how many people in order to check on Tuesday's availability.
It will be at 15:30 on Tuesday and there will be 4 people.|I was unable to book. Do you want to book another timeslot?
How about 14:30 instead?|Booking was successful to dine at the Lucky Star. Table will be reserved for 15 minutes.  Your reference number is : M0OW1EI5.  Anything Else?
Yes I am also looking for a train that leaves on wednesday after 08:30 that departs from cambridge and goes to kings lynn.|The earliest train after 8:30 would be the TR2831, departing at 09:11 and arriving in Kings Lynn at 09:58. Would you like to book a seat on that train?
Yes, I need four tickets please.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 39.2 GBP payable at the station .
Reference number is : 9NZ8A7WM. May I help you further?
No that is all.|Thank you for contacting Cambridge TownInfo centre.  I hope you have a pleasant trip!  Goodbye!
I'm looking for a place to dine. The restaurant should be in the centre and should serve mediterranean food.|The Gardenia restaurant is a great choice. It is not expensive, and meets your other criteria. The address is 2 Rose Crescent City Centre
Sounds great!  Can you help me book a reservation for 4 people on Sunday?|What time would you like the reservation to be for?
16:15, please, thank you.|You are booked, with ref # WBB6XXRP. Anything else for you today?
No that is all. Thank you for the help.|You're welcome and thanks for using our help desk. Goodbye.
I'm looking for a train from Ely to Cambridge. Do you have any?|Yes, there are quite a few.  Is there a day and time you would like to travel?
Yes, leaving on Sunday at 10:00 AM|The best time matching your criteria is a departure from Ely at 11:35. Will that do?
I'm sorry, my travel day is actually Thursday, not Sunday. I need to arrive by 14:45.|I have a train TR4068 leaving at 5:35 and arriving at 5:52. Would you like to make reservations?
Yes, please make reservations.|Your reference number is : MUBTUUTM. Can I help with anything else?
Did you book for 5 people? Is there a train that arrives closer to but before 14:45? Thanks.|I apologize about that. The closest I can get you there is on train TR4992 which will arrive at 13:52. Would you like me to book it for 5 people?
yes with reference number|Booking was successful, the total fee is 22 GBP payable at the station .
Reference number is : IPO23Y22. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I would like to find a cheap mediterranean restaurant in the centre|There is one matching result. It is the gardenia. Do you want me to book something there?
yes please, for 5 people at 20:15 on Thursday.|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Reference number is : HWJS11KB. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Thank you that will be all.|Thank you for using our services.
I'd really like to visit Great Saint Mary's Church. Could you give me some information about it?|Sure, is there anything specific you'd like to know?
Can I get some information about visiting Great Saint Mary's Church?|This is found in the center of town. Their phone number is 01223350914 and their postcode is cb23pq.
What is the entrance fee for that attraction?|Admission to Great Saint Mary's Church is 2 pounds.
Thanks.  I am also looking for an expensive place to eat in the centre.|Sure, there are plenty of places in the area.  Did you have a particular type of cuisine in mind?
No, just expensive in the centre. Recommend one for me.|You should try dining at kymmoy, an asian oriental restaurant located at 52 Mill Road City Centre. Would you be interested in booking a table?
Definitely, Please book me for 7 people at 14:45 on wednesday.  I also would like the reference number.|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : XWZ8N8GF. Anything else I can do?
Thanks! That's all I needed.|You're welcome!  Have a wonderful day.
I need to find an expensive restaurant on the north side.|I have about 5 different ones to offer you. I have european food, french, chinese and asian oriental. Do you prefer a certain cuisine?
Can you give me some additional information on the Asian Oriental one?|Sure, it's called Saigon City, and it's located at 169 High Street Chesterton Chesterton, cb41nl. Their phone number is 01223356555. Can I be of further assistance today?
Sounds great. Can you book a table for 1 at 19:15 on Friday please? I will need a reference number too.|Your booking was successful. Your Reference number is 01YIB028. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No, thanks.  You've been a great help!|Glad to help you.
I am looking for a place serving Indian food in the west.|The Tandoori Palace is an excellent choice, though it's a bit expensive. Would you like a table there?
Yes, please book for 3 people at 13:15 on Monday. Include reference number, please.|You are all set for 13:15 Monday.  Your reference number is 36NIKCYF.  Can I help you with anything else?
No, that's all. Thanks! Bye!|All right, enjoy your meal!
Hi! I need a place to stay in the centre of town.|I have 3 hotels and 2 guest houses in that area. What is your price range going to be?
Expensive price range would be just fine.|University Arms Hotel is in the centre and the price range is expensive. Would you like to book a room or get more information?
Before I book can I confirm that it includes free wifi and free parking?|Yes, it does include free wifi and parking.  Would you like me to book that now?
Yes, please book for me now.|what day would you like to leave, how many days
Howdy, I'm looking for a British restaurant for breakfast.|There are several British restaurants available. Would you prefer a moderate or expensive price range?
Moderate price range please.|Five restaurants match your criteria. Four are in Centre area and one is in the West. Which area would you prefer?
I would like the Center of town please.|How about The Copper Kettle?
Is it in the expensive price range? If so, could you book me a table for 3 people at 19:30 for Wednesday?|considering that, i have 3 options in the expensive range if that's what you prefer.
Yes, please select one that meets my other criteria and has an expensive price range.|What other criteria?
I need a place to eat. British, expensive in the Centre.|I'd recommend the fitzbillies restaurant on 51 Trumpington Street City Centre. Would you like to make a reservation?
Yes, please book a table for 3 people at 19:30 on wednesday.|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : ZL5U9Q4Q. Anything else I can help with?
Thank you! I also need to find a guesthouse to stay in please.|What area of town would you like to stay?
I'd like a place in the west with free parking.|Do you have a star rating you prefer?  If not, I would suggest Hobsons House with a 3 star rating.  Nice place.
Hobsons House sounds good. Can you give me the phone number?|hobsons house's phone number is 01223304906. Is there anything further I can do for you today?
Yes, one more thing. I will need a taxi between the hotel and the restaurant, please.|What time do you want to leave at?
No specific departure time, but I would like to arrive by 19:30 please.|You are all set! You will be picked up in a blue tesla and their contact number is 07857104689. Is there anything else you need?
No that's is. Thank you for all your help. Have a great day.|You're very welcome! Have a great day, and let us know if there's anything you need in the future.
Can you help me find a guesthouse with free wifi to stay at?|There are over 20 results. Can we narrow it down by choosing a price range or area you'd like to stay in?
Any area would be okay. I would like for the guest house to have a 4 star rating.|If price doesn't matter I recommend acorn guest house it's moderately priced in the north and has free parking and internet. Would you like to book that one?
ok. book for 5 people and 3 nights starting from wednesday|Booking was successful.
Reference number is : VWCR071O. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, I'm looking for a Moroccan restaurant please!|I'm sorry, but I can't locate any Moroccan restaurants. Is there another type of restaurant that you would like?
No. That's the type of food I wanted.|We have lots of different types of cuisine at the restaurants around town. Can I help you find another that you might like to try?
how about an expensive indian restaurant in the east?|There are two Indian restaurants in the east that meet your needs. May I recommend Pipasha Restaurant on Newmarket Road? The chef has created an incredible menu.
Sounds great. Can i have their address and phone please|Certainly. Their address is Newmarket Road Fen Ditton and phone number is 01223577786.
That's everything I needed, thank you for your help!|You're very welcome! Have a great day!
Can you help me find a place to go in the centre?|There are a lot of attractions in the centre is there a particular type you'd like to visit?
Any place would be great. If you could pick one and send me the phone number and postcode please.|Little Saint Mary's Church is in postcode cb21qy and their phone number is 01223366202. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I'm also looking for an expensive restaurant in the centre of town|We have a lot to choose from. Is there a certain type of food you are looking to try?
Yes, i would like to find a south african restaurant please.|I'm sorry. I'm not finding any results that meet your criteria. Would you like to try a different type of food or area?
Yes let's look for Chinese food instead.|Tang Chinese is a great place in the centre with an expensive price range. Would you like to make a reservation?
nah, i just need to phone number|Sure their phone number is 01223357187.
And their postcode as well.  Can you help me book a taxi between the Church and the restaurant?|Sure.  What time would you like the taxi for?
I would like to leave St Mary's Church by 12:30.|I have booked a taxi leaving the church at 12:30. The car is a grey Audi and the contact number is 07823100765.
I can't wait to ride in that car!|Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
No, that's all, thanks!|Have a good day.
I'm interested in finding a modern European restaurant for dinner with a moderate price range on their menu.|I pulled up 3 restaurants. Two in the centre and one in the south. Do you have a preference on location?
No preference. Can you recommend me one and book a table for 8 people at 11:30 on Wednesday? Thanks!|Of course! You're all set at the Restaurant Alimentum with reference number IA29XFXA. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Anything else I can help you with?
No thank you. goodbye.|Thank you for calling, goodbye.
I'm looking for cheap food in the centre.|Sure I have Asian and Chinese restaurants and other options. Is there a type of food you are looking for?
I think I'd like French food please.|I'm sorry there are no cheap French restaurants in the central area.
What about an Indian restaurant?|There are 3 cheap Indian restaurants located in the centre. I would recommend the Kohinoor. Would you like to book a table?
Great yes please book me a table there for 4 people at 11:00 on tuesday.|I have reserved your table for 4.  Your reference number is SSVF0E1R.  Can I assist you with anything else today?
That will be all. Thank you very much.|You are welcome. Have a nice day.
Hello, I am looking for an expensive restaurant on the south side of town.|Frankie and Bennys serves Italian food, it is in the South Part of town, and the price range is expensive. Can I help you with anything else?
What is the address and phone number for Frankie and Bennys?|frankie and bennys address is Cambridge Leisure Park Clifton Way Cherry Hinton. Their phone number is 01223 412430
thank You|You're welcome. Is there anything else?
Which part of town it is in ?|it is located in the south part of town
No, that was it.  Bye bye.|Goodbye
I am looking for a place for a restaurant called anatolia. Can you help me?|Anatolia is a moderately priced Turkish restaurant in the city centre.
Thank you. What is the post code?|The post code is cb21uj. Would you like me to book a table for you?
No but I do need help finding a train leaving Kings Cross after 15:45.|Okay what day would you like to leave?
The train should go to cambridge and should leave on sunday.|I found 4 trains departing Kings Cross, heading to Cambridge after 15:45 on Sunday. What time would you like to depart?
I have no preference. I just need to book one of those for 4 people.|OK, you have 4 seats reserved on TR2952, reference #J5O3AMV7. Can I help you with anything else today?
No that will be all.  Thank you|Perfect. Thank you for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Enjoy the rest of your day.
I need to find a restaurant in the west part of town. It should be in the cheap price range.|I have a Vietnamese and an Italian restaurant matching your requirements. Would you be interested in either?
I'd prefer the Italian one.|I have La Margherita that is a cheaper italian restaurant. It's located at 15 Magdalene Street City Centre. Did you need any help booking a table?
Can I get the postcode for it?|Absolutely! The postcode for La Margherita is cb30af. Would you like me to make a reservation for you?
Yes, please. Thank you very much.|Great! What day and time would you like the reservation for?
I do not want to just yet, thanks.|Okay, we'll book that for you whenever you're ready. Thank you and goodbye!
I'm hoping to find a french restaurant in Cambridge.|There are two. Both are expensive. One is in the north and one is in the centre. Do you have a preference?
How about the North?  Can I get a table there Thursday at 16:30 for 7?|I'm sorry, Restaurant Two Two doesn't have availability then. Would you like to try a different day or time?
Yes, would I be able to get a table there Thursday at 18:00 for 7?|I'm sorry 18:00 on Thursday is also unavailable.  Would you like to try a different day?
Well how about 15:30 then?|The booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Reference number is : OAEJMYOI.
I am also looking for an attraction to go to. Is there any in town?|We have nearly 80 different attractions in town. First off, is there a type of attraction you would prefer? Or an area of town to search in?
Please recommend something in the South.|How about a cinema or museum?  There's also The Place, which is a nightclub.  Or, The Junction, which is a theatre.  How about one of those?
Surprise me and pick one for me! Just make sure to let me know what kind of attraction it is.|How about a theater? Cineworld Cinema is showing all our the newest London films!
I'm not much of a movie man, but I'm sure the others wouldn't mind. That sounds fine.|Great, is there anything else you needed help with today?
No, that's all I need.  Thank you for your help!|Thank you for contacting Cambridge TownInfo centre. Goodbye!
I would like to find a restaurant called Pipasha.|Pipasha is an expensive indian restaurant.  It is located in the east area of town.  Can I help you with more information or a reservation?
Yes please.  I need a table for 3 on Tuesday at 14:00.|Okay I have done that and your reference number is  WR87HHPJ.
I would also like to check out a concerthall.|Great!  The Man on the Moon is a concerthall in the centre at 2 Norfolk street.
Thanks. Can you also tell me their postcode?|The postcode is cb12lf. What else would you like assistance with today?
Do you happen to have their phone number also?|Yes, the phone number is 01223474144
I also need a taxi between them to get to the restaurant in time.|Ok, I have booked you a black skoda to get you to the restaurant in time.  You can contact them at 07461245991.  Can I help with anything else?
No thank you, that's it.|You are welcome, enjoy your stay in cambridge
Im looking for places to go in town that shows architecture in the centre part of town|How about little saint mary's church at little saint mary's lane?
Okay, that sounds neat! Is there an entrance fee?|The entrance fee is free. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, I am looking for a Chinese restaurant close by.|Wow, I have 10 different chinese restaurants in the centre of town. Let's try to narrow it down. Do you have a price range you would like to stay in?
To be honest, I don't care about the price range. Can you make a suggestion?|I would recommend Rice House in Centre. It is cheap but oh man their food is fantastic! They are at 88 Mill Road City Centre.  Can I help more?
Yes, I'll need a taxi between the two places as well.|Sure, what time and where would you like to be picked up?
I would like the taxi to leave the restaurant by 14:45.|Okay, no problem. I've booked you a white toyota to pick you up there, and the contact number is 07058618818. Anything else today?
Great that was all I needed for today, thank you!|You're welcome, and have a great day.
Can you help me find some cheap Italian food?|I have Ask at 12 Bridge Street City Centre.
Thanks for your help. Can I get their phone number and other info as well?|Sure, their phone number is 01223364917 and their post code is cb21uf.
That's, that's all I need. Good bye.|Excellent. Have a great day!
I want a cheap Italian restaurant in the south side of town.|I'm sorry. I cannot find a cheap Italian restaurant in the south side of town.
I would like to find a moderately priced restaurant in the west part of town.|Prezzo is a moderately priced Italian restaurant in the west part of town.  There is also Indian and British food available in that area and price range.  Would you like more info?
Yes can I get thier address and postcode?|Of course, Prezzo's address is 21 - 24 Northampton Road and postcode is C.B 3, 0 A.D.
Thank you!  Goodbye!|Thank you! Goodbye!
Hello, I'd like some information on a restaurant today.|I can help you with that, do you have a certain place in mind today? Or would you like to search in a specific area?
I'm looking for a Japanese place in the centre of town.|I have one listing for wagamama, will that be okay today?
How expensive is it?|It is expensive range in price.
Great, please book a table for 7 people at 15:15 on Friday.|I was able to book your table for 7 for Friday at 15:15. The Reference number is : INI5O0N5.
Okay, I also need a train to get to norwich.|What day will you travel?
I'll be leaving Cambridge on Saturday after 13:45.  I''ll be heading to Norwich. Do you have anything for me?|Yes, there are 10 trains that would work. They run every hour starting at 14:36. When would you like to arrive in Norwich?
It doesn't matter when I arrive as long as I leave after 14:35 from cambridge on saturday. And I'll want to book the train for the same group of people.|I have booked you a train leaving at 14:36. The cost is 112.64 GBP. Reference number MB0PZVMJ. How would you like to pay?
I'll pay at the station. Well that's it for me today. Thanks for all your help! G'bye :)|Thank you for contacting us have a nice day.
Hey there, I'm craving Chinese food. Where in the centre can I find some?|Do you have a price range I can narrow it down with?
Yes moderate would work best for me.|Jinling noodle bar looks like a good choice, would you like to try that?
yes please with phone number|Jinling Noodle Bar is a moderately priced chinese place in the centre of town. Their phone number is 01223566188. Do you need a reservation?
No, I can make one myself later.  Can you help me find a place to stay in the same area as the restaurant?|We have several options in the center of town. The best is the University Arms, which is 4 stars and expensive.
I would like it have rating of 0 stars.|It looks like there is a guesthouse and a hotel that meet your criteria.  Do you have a preference?
A Hotel That is a 0 star rating,would you like a booking|There is one named Cityroomz in the centra area.  It's moderately priced.  Does that sound good?
Yeah, that'll work. What's the address?|it is located in sleeperz hotel, station road, anything else for you today?
Give me a taxi from the hotel to the restaurant, I want to leave the hotel at 19:15.|Booking completed!
Booked car toyota: red tesla
Contact number: 07625387380 Can I help you with anything else today?
No, you have taken care of everything for me.  Thanks for being so helpful.  Bye.|You are welcome. Thank you for contacting the Cambridge TownInfo Centre. Goodbye.
What theaters are in the Cambridge centre?|We have the cambridge arts theatre, the adc theatre, mumford theatre, the cambridge corn exhange, and the junction.
Ok, can I get the address and entrance fee for the Mumford Theatre?|The entrance fee is not listed would you like the phone number or address?
Yes please. I would like that very much and I also would like information on the Ugly Duckling restaurant.|Ugly duckling is an expensive chinese restaurant and very good too.  Address 12 St. Johns Street in city centre.  Would you like me to make reservations for you?
Hello, can you recommend any local restaurants?|There are many, many restaurants in town.  Is there a certain area of town in which you would be visiting?
Something in the north.|Do you have a price range preference?
No. I don't but I've heard Loch Fyne is good. Do you have information about this restaurant?|The Loch Fyne is an expensive seafood restaurant located in the centre. The address is, The Little Rose 37 Trumpington Street, phone number: 01223362433 and post code cb21qy.
Let's book it for 8 at 15:00 on thursday|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Reference number is : 6LB7GNEB.
Thank you so much!|Is there anything else I can help you with todoay?
I also need to book a taxi|Can you tell me where you would be departing from and where you are going so I can find a taxi service to serve you.
I am going to the Loch Fyne restaurant at The Little Rose 37 Trumpington Street|And where are you departing from?
I will be departing from christ's college|Where will you be heading to.
I will be heading to the restaurant.|Whoops, my mistake, I meant to ask when you'd be heading to the restaurant, not where. Do you know when you'd like the taxi?
it should be there at booked time|I have booked a taxi to pick you up at Christ's College and take you to the Loch Fyne by 15:00. Is there anything I can help you with.
Yes, I'll need the car type and contact number for the taxi, please?|I will look that up for your now.
yeah ok do that please|It's a red ford. The contact number is 07540853232. Sorry that I did not provide that when I booked your reservation.
Thank you that is all I need today.|Thank you for using our services. Have we met all of your needs?
Yes. Thank you. Goodbye|Have a great day.
I'm looking for info about riveboat georgina|It is in the North area, the address is Cambridge Passenger Cruisers, Jubilee House. Phone number is 01223902091
That's all I needed thanks.|Thank you and have a great day!
Actually, can you help me find a restaurant? An expensive one in the West.|Certainly.  I recommend Tandoori Palace.  They serve expensive Indian food in the west.  Were you looking for reservations?
No that doesn't sound good, I need one that serves north african food.|There are none that serve north african food
Can you search for one that has british food then?|There are two british places, graffiti and travellers rest, do you have a preference?
I will take Graffiti. Can you make a reservation for Tuesday for 8 people at 14:30 please?|That time is unavailable.  Please choose another time?
I'm looking for a Mediterranean restaurant near the centre of town.|I've got three that fit that bill... the gardenia, la mimosa, and shiraz.  Do you have a preference?
Is one of them in the cheap price range?|Yes, The Gardenia.
Great, could I book a table of 5 for 11:30 on wednesday? If so, please provide me with a reference number.|Yeah. The reference number is CVWAKCN2
Thank you!  Is there any entertainment in the same area as the restaurant?|I am sorry. There does not seem to be any matching your choices. Would you like to try another area or attraction?
Yes. Can you please search for an attraction in the type of college?|Is an entrance fee okay? If so, the corpus christi college located at king's parade. Fee is 2 pounds. Would you like the phone number?
I don't mind an entrance fee. Could you actually give me the postcode for that college?|Corpus christi is located at king's parade, postcode cb21rh.  Would you like any further information?
Yes, I'd like to book a taxi to go from the attraction to the restaurant.|I'd be happy to find you a taxi, but first I will need to know what time you'd like to leave corpus christi.
I would like to leave Corpus Christi College in enough time to arrive at the restaurant at the booked time of 11:30.|I have booked you a taxi that will get you to the restaurant by 11:30. Their phone number is 07469156027. Is there anything else I can help you with?
What is the car's contact number and type?|Your taxi is a Black Audi and their contact number is 07469156027. Is there anything else I can help you with?
That's everything, thank you!|Great! I'm glad I could be of assistance to you. Thank you for using our service.
I'm looking for a Polish restaurant in the centre of town.|Regretfully, there isn't one. Would another cuisine do?
Hmmm, I do need something cheap.  Are you sure there are no Polish places?  My friend told me there was a good one.|I'm sorry, I'm still not finding anything. Do you want to try a different area?
Well, let's try the asian oriental food instead.|I show two in the centre, dojo noodle bar and j restaurant in the cheap price range. Would you like a reservation for one of them?
I need a table for 6 people at 11:30 on Saturday, please.|Did you have a preference between the two restaurants?
Let's do the Dojo Noodle Bar.|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : IGF0ULSP.
Great. I also need to find some places to go to around the same area. Can you help me with that?|I can. What sort of place are you looking for?
I was hoping you could make some suggestions.|My suggestions are Little saint mary's church which is known for its architecture; cambridge contemporary art museum, and the soul tree nightclub.
can i get the address for Little saint mary's church?|Yes the address is little saint mary's lane.
Ok.  Thanks.  All set.|It was a pleasure to assist you. Have a good day. Goodbye.
I am looking to try a local restaurant that serves modern European cuisine and has a moderate price range|There is restaurant almentum that serves modern european food in the south part of town.
Book a table for 1 person at 17:30 on Saturday. Give me the reference number.|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Reference number is : 5U78RXDV.
I am also looking for a place to stay in the north|Okay I have many choices for you. Could we narrow it down by price and star rating? Will you be looking for parking and wifi amenities/
I don't care about wifi but I definitely need free parking.|Acorn guest house has parking. Would you like me to book that?
Hi, I need an expensive restaurant please.|There are quite a few expensive restaurants in the city! Can you help me specify by telling me what kind of food you'd like to try?
I do not care the kind. Please pick one and book it for 5 people at 15:30 on sunday.|Booking was unsuccessful. Do you have a different time or day?
Yes, lets try 14:30 please.|You have a table at Saigon City at 14:30. DGMG8RF8 is your reference number.
Thanks!  Could you also give me info on trains leaving after 16:45 from Cambridge.|Sure.  Are you looking for a train on Sunday as well?  And, what is your destination?
I need one for monday to go to birmingham new street.|I would suggest train ID TR7728 which departs Cambridge at 17:01 and arrives at Birmingham New Street at 19:44.
That would be good, can I get tickets for 5 people?|Yes, I've booked 5 tickets for you.  Your reference number is LU2SUOW2.
Thank you very much, lovely day to you.|Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
No, I think that is all. Bye.|Thank you for using our system today!
I need a train that is leaving from ely.|I can help with that, what day will you be traveling and where will you be traveling to?
I am going on wednesday and should go to cambridge.|fantastic. what time do you want to leave or arrive?
I would like to leave after 17:15|I have train TR8610 that leaves at 17:35 and will arrive in Cambridge at 17:52. Would this work for you?
Yes great!. Now could you help me find a place to dine in the city center in the moderate price range?|What type of food would you like?
I am looking for something that serves New Zealand food. Do you have anything?|I'm sorry, we don't have any restaurants in the centre that serve new zealand food. Would you like to try a different cuisine?
How about gastropub instead?|The Cow Pizza Kitchen and Bar is the only Gastropub in the area. It is in the center of town and is of moderate price.
That would be great, could you book a table for the same number of people at 20:30 on the same day?|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Reference number is : P05FIQFR.
thanks alot for your assistance. bye|You're welcome. Have a great day!
I'm looking to book a train to Cambridge.  I need it to arrive by 16:00.  I also need it to department from Cambridge. Can you assist me?|So you want a train to and from Cambridge? Can you please clarify and also give a day?
I need to go to leicester on saturday and arrive by 16:00|Train TR5677 will get you to Leicester by 11:06.  Can I reserve some tickets for you?
Yes, please.  I need five tickets.|Your booking was successful, the total fee is 151.19 GBP payable at the station . Your reference number is : 581GRL6J.  Is there anything else I can do to assist?
Can you check for Italian restaruants in the centre area? Thank you in advance.|What price range are you looking to for please?
I'm looking for a expensive restaurant.|You have 4 options. May I recommend Don Pasquale Pizzeria? I can try to make a reservation for you, if you like.
Yes, please book a table for 5 at 13:30 on Saturday.|You have a table for five booked at Don Pasquale Pizzeria at 13:30 on Saturday. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Can I have the reference number?|Oh, yes, I'm sorry.  The reference number is P0X6X7AZ.
Thank you for your help, that is all I need for today.|Thank you for contacting us and have a nice day.
I want a restaurant in the north part of town and serves chinese food. What is the phone number?|there are three chinese restaurants. Would you like the phone number for all three?
What is the phone number?|golden wok is 01223350688, hakka is 01223568988 and the hotpot is 01223366552. Is there anything else I can help you with?
what is the food type of that restaurant ?|They serve chinese food.
no, that's all I need. thank you and goodbye|Have a nice day!
is there a moderate priced restaurant?|I found several.  Do you have a preference on location?
Yes, in the east part of town.|There are three results with your preferences of east area and moderate price range.
What is the address of one of them?|451 Newmarket Road Fen Ditton
Excellent, thanks!|Is there anything else I can help you with?
That's it, goodbye|you are welcome goodbye
Hi! Can you find me a moderately priced restaurant for my girlfriend and I?|I'm sure we can. Cambridge offers 31 moderately priced restaurants. What sort of cuisine would you like?
I would prefer Italian and it has to be in the south.|I found one restaurant with those credentials, it's Pizza Hut Cherry Hinton, would you like the address?
No, could you just book a table for 3?  I'd like it for Wednesday at 12:15.|I'm sorry. That booking was not available. Would you like to find another restaurant?
What other restaurants are in the same area and price range?|There is the restaurant alimentum that serves modern european food?
That sounds good book it for 3 on wednesday at 12:15 please and I'll need the reference number too|I have made a reservation for you at the restaurant alimentum on Wednesday at 12:15 for 3 people. Your reference number is LX2XAAF4. Would you like their address?
Yes can I have the address and phone number please?|Of course. The restaurant is on 152 - 154 Hills Road and their phone number is 01223413000.
Great, that's all I needed. Have a lovely day.|Thank you and you too.
Is there any french food in Cambridge?|Yes there is one
Well, can you give me some information on it?|Well there are two french restaurants actually, sorry had a blond moment. One in the north and one in the centre, which one were you interested in?
I would like something expensive.  Is either option expensive?|Both are expensive options.
Can you book me a table for two at the one in the centre for saturday at 19:00 and send me a ref number.|Excellent choice! I've booked you a table for 2 at the Cote. Your reference number is EUOHK8LX and the table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Great!  I am also looking for a train for the same day, departing from london kings cross and going to cambridge.  It should arrive by 11:00.|There are three trains that would bring you to Cambridge by 11:00. They depart at 5:17, 07:17, and 09:17. Which train would you prefer?
Let's book the earliest train, to give us more time to enjoy the city. Please book seats for two and let me know the reference number.|Okay, you're booked. Your reference number is  R2OF8D6Q. Your total cost is  37.76 GBP payable at the station .  How can I further assist you?
That is all for today. Thank you very much for all your help. Goodbye.|welcome and thanks for inquiring with us
I need a restaurant in the south that is moderately priced.|I see both an Italian and a Modern European restaurant in that area in your price range. Which would you prefer?
any will be fine with me. book a table for 8 at 15:15 on monday|You have a reservation at Restaurant Alimentum. Your reference number is JBVUMN45.
I would like to find some entertainment in the same area as well.|Is there a specific type of attraction you are looking for?
I am looking for something entertaining please.|There are two entertainments: nusha and tenpin. Do you want more information about either one?
Can you please recommend one and give me their address and entrance fee?|Tenpin is located at cambridge leisure park, clifton way. The entrance fee is unlisted.
Is there another one that tells you how much it is?|I'm sorry I can't find any price listings. Can I help you find something else?
I need an address for the cambridge leisure park.|The address for Tenpin is cambridge leisure park, clifton way in postcode cb17dy. Is there anything else I can do for you today?
That will be all. Thank you so much.|Your welcome. Have a lovely stay!
Hello, I am looking to find a restaurant that is in the centre. I would prefer something in the expensive price range.|I can help you with that.  Do you have any cuisine preferences?
Yes, I would like to eat Chinese food.|Oh I have some great options for you. I have a total of 4 restaurants, how about trying th Ugly Duckling?
Yes that is good please make a booking for 8 people at 14:15 on sunday.|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Your reference number is 076ZN8YF
I need a place to stay that has free parking and is in the expensive price range.|I found 33 hotels that match that criteria. Is there a particular side of town you prefer so I can make a recommendation?
It doesn't matter.  I would like 4 stars and fee wifi though.|The huntingdon marriott hotel is a 4 star hotel
That sounds great! Does it have free parking and free wifi?|Yes it has both, would you like me to book you?
Yes please, I need rooms for 8 people starting Sunday for 3 nights.|Booking was successful. Reference number is : TBICSA49.  Is there anything else I can assist you with?
I need a taxi from the hotel to the restaurant by 14:15. Please provide the car type and contact number|I will be happy to book that for you. Where is your destination?
I need it to go between the hotel and restaurant, please.|I need to know where you are going?
TO THE RESTAURANT! JUST BOOK IT< YOU HAVE ALL OF MY INFO! thank you|Your taxi booking has been completed! The car type is a red Audi,
Contact number 07964587638. Can I assist with anything else?
No, that is it for now.  Thank you so much.|Thank you and enjoy your stay!
I am looking for a German restaurant in the expensive price range.|There are no restaurant that fit your description, do you want me to look for restaurant with moderate price range?
Did you try the center of town?|Yes, there are not any restaurants available.  Would you like to try a different price range?
How about an expensive Indian restaurant?|Yes, there are several expensive Indian restaurants in the centre area. Curry Garden and Saffron Brasserie and a few others. Should I book a table for you?
book a table for 2 people at 12:00 on thursday.|I have booked you at Curry Garden. They will hold the table for 15 minutes. Your reference number is 8TKID5N6. Do you need anything else?
I am also looking for a train. The train should be on the same day as the restaurant booking and should arrive by 09:45.|Where would you like to depart from and what is your desintation?
I want to depart from peterborough to cambridge.|the tr8272 will get you where you need to go
When does it depart?|It departs at 05:00.
OK, thanks, I'll take care of it from there.|The price would be 23.60 per person for that train and be 51 minutes long trip.  Enjoy your day!
I need to find a moderately priced vegetarian restaurant.|We don't have any moderately priced vegetarian places in town. Would you like to try a different type of food or a different price range?
Unfortunately no, it has to be vegetarian, so i will have to make my own accommodations, thanks.|There are no vegetarian options in the area.
Okay, what about international food?|I have two - both in centre. The varsity Resturant and Bloomsbury. Would you like to book one?
Make a reservation at Bloomsbury please, for Thursday night.|What time do you want to dine and how many people in your party?
Please book for 6 people at 17:00 on Thursday. I'd also like the reference number.|Your table was booked. Your reference number is MLK7FV6P.
I'm also looking for a train. It should depart cambridge and go to stansted airport on thursday. Arrive by 17:00.|Would you be interested in TR9427? It arrives at 16:08 and departs at 15:40.
That would be just fine.|How many tickets would you like to book?
I don't need to book, but could you tell me the total travel time, please?|Sure thing.  Travel time is 28 minutes.  Can I help you with anything else?
No, I think that should be all for me today. Thank you so much, you've been very helpful!|You're welcome, have a great day!
Please find a place that serves Indian food.|Sure, is there a price range you would like to stay in?
In the moderate range, please|Is there a specific area you would like to dine in?
No, I don't have a preference. Any you pick will be fine. I need to book on Sunday at 14:00 for 4 people, please?|Your reservation at rajmahal was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Reference number is : XYIQ88JZ.
Thank you! Can you also tell me about Whipple Museum of the History of Science, please?|The Whipple Museum of the History of Science is in the centre of town on free school lane. Admission is free.
cool, could you also give me the postcode?|The postcode for whipple museum of the history of science is cb23rh. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I also need a taxi.|Where would you like to go with the taxi?
From the museum to the restaurant.|A black Honda will pick you up and get to you to the Rajmahal in time for that reservation. The contact number is 07608033696.
That will be all. Thank you.|You're very welcome! Bye!
I want a train that leaves on wednesday.|Okay, I'd be happy to book that for you. Where would you like to go?
I'm going to Cambridge from New Street in Birmingham|How about train TR0014, leaving at 05:40?
I need to make sure that I will arrive by 09:15?|Yeah, that train will get you there by 8:23.
Great. I'm also looking for information on the Ugly Duckling restaurant.|The Ugly Duckling is a fantastic Chinese place in the center of town. It's expensive, but worth it. I'd be happy to book a table, if you like.
Yes, please! I'd like a table for 1 at 15:15 on the same day as the train.|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : QLK6MOBC. You are all set! Anything else I can help with?
Nope, that's it. Thanks for your help.|You are welcome.  Enjoy your stay in Cambridge.  Bye.
I have a hotel in mind that I need some help to book.|Okay, can you provide the name of the hotel please?
I would like to book the Aylesbray Lodge guest house, for 1 person, 3 nights, starting Friday|I have you booked for 3 nights starting on Friday.  The reference number is  8FLXFYYW.  Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, I'm looking for a  want restaurant called la raza and book a table for 1 at 16:45 and I need a reference number|What day do you want to reserve for?
I would like it for the same day.|You are all set, the reference number is DK9Z8HY4, can I help with anything else?
Thank you, but no. That is everything. Thanks so much for your help.|You're welcome and enjoy your stay.
Hi, I am traveling to Cambridge and am excited to see some local tourist attractions.  I really need help with a restaurant though.|We have more than 100 restaurants all over town. May I ask if you have a certain price range you prefer to stay within?
Yes, I in am interested in an expensive restaurant. Thanks!|Is there a certain area you would like?
Are there any restaurants serving South African cuisine?|I have no south african restaurants i the expensive range. Would you like to try another type or price range?
How about something serving British food?|I have 6 different places that serve British food. They are spread out throughout town. Did you have an area you prefer?
In the west area.|Graffiti is a great restaurant in the west area.  Would you like me to make reservations for you?
Can you book it for me and get a reference number ?|What day do you wish to dine, at what time and how many people will there be?
Just one person, no specific day and time. I'm also looking for a place to go in town in the same area of the restaurant.|Unfortunately I cannot book the restaurant for you without a day and time. Can you provide that for me please?
How about Tuesday at 7:30?|Your reference number is 73H253CP. They will hold the table for 15-minutes. How else may I help you?
Yes I need an attraction in the same area.|There are over a dozen different attractions in the west; do you have a particular type of activity in mind?
Can you please recommend one and provide me their phone number?|There are many colleges and museums but I think you will really enjoy the entertainment called whale of a time. Would you like more information?
Yes, can I please get the phone number?|Yes, the phone number is 01954781018.  Can I help with any other information today?
Thank you. I am looking for a taxi to commute between the two places.|Where would you like to be picked up?
I would like to commute between Graffiti and Whale of a time.  I will be heading to the attraction after eating.|What time would you like to leave?
I want to leave the attraction by 7:15.|Can you book it for me and get a reference number ?
I'd like a cheap restaurant in the east part of town.|The Missing Sock serves cheap food in the East part of town.
What type of food is served at the Missing Sock, and what is the address?|the missing sock serves international food, they are located at Finders Corner Newmarket Road.
What is the address?|Their address is Finders Corner Newmarket Road.
May I have the street address of the establishment.|The address for The Missing Sock is Finders Corner Newmarket Road. Would you like their phone number or postcode?
Thank you. Goodbye.|You're welcome. Good bye, and please come back to the Cambridge restaurant system if you need further assistance.
Thanks, see ya!|Bye bye.
I want to go all out this St Patricks day, can you find me an Irish restaurant?   Lets go with an expensive one.|Sadly, there aren't any.
How about an expensive Mexican restaurant then?|Sure.  There is Chiquito Restaurant Bar in the south.  Would you like the address?  Would you like me to book it for you?
Can I just get the phone number for now?|Yes certainly, it is 01223400170.
Thank you. I'm also looking for information on trains from cambridge to london kings cross.|When would you like to travel?
I need to leave after 09:00 on saturday|TR2138 leaves exactly at 09:00 on Saturday. Would you like to book a ticket?
yes please book for 5 people|Ok, the booking was successful, the total fee is 94.4 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : 4YTQP8ST. Can I help with anything else?
No that is it. Thank you.|Okay, enjoy your trip!  Have a great day.
Hi, I'm looking for information on booking a train. I would like to leave on Wednesday and arrive at the destination at 17:00.|From where would you like to catch the train and what is your destination?
I would like to catch the train at London Liverpool Street and I'm going to Cambridge.|the TR2826 arrives at 15:07. would that be ok?
Yes can you book it for me and give me a reference number ?|Yes of course. Your booking number is DQRT2P5U.
Awesome. I also need a place to eat in the moderate range. I'm thinking maybe in the city centre.|There are 5 moderately priced restaurants in the centre, 4 serve british, and one serves asian oriental food. Which would you prefer?
I really wanted a moderately priced restaurant in the center that serves spanish food actually|I found la tasca it meets your criteria would you like me to book that for you?
Just give me the address if you could please|The address is 14-16 Bridge Street.
Thanks, I don't need any more help. Have a good day!|Thank you! And enjoy your stay in Cambridge!
Hi, I'm looking to book a train out of Cambridge that I want to arrive in Ely.  Can you assist me with finding times and dates?|There are 70 trains traveling to Ely from Cambridge between Friday and Wednesday. What day do you want to travel?
I would like to leave on Saturday.|You could take TR8860 early Saturday at 05:50.  It's a short trip of 17 minutes and costs 3.52 pounds. Will this work for you?
Can you book that one for 6 people?|Yes, I have made the booking for you. Your reference number is 1K560JNY.
I also need a place to eat, I would like it in the west and expensive.|There are 9 expensive restaurants in the west.  Are you looking for a particular type of food?
Yes. British food please.|I have two. Shall I book one for you?
Yes, I need a table for 6 people at 10:30 on Saturday and please provide the reference number after booking is completed.|What day do you want it for, before I confirm the booking?
The same day, saturday.|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : XEP4E22B. Will there be anything else today?
Thank you, thats all I need today.|Glad I could help, hope you have a great trip!
I was told about a great place to eat called the copper kettle.|They are located in the centre of town. Would you like a reservation?
What kind of food do they serve?|They serve British food.
Yes, I would like a reservation for 4, please. I would also like a place to stay.|Alright, but first, for that reservation, what time and day would you like?
Oh, sorry. 17:15 on Friday.|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Reference number is : BZIAV28X.  Tell me about your hotel requirements.
it should be a 2 star in the south and should be the type of  a hotel.|I am sorry but I am not finding anything that matches your request.  How about a different ratinge or area?
how about a star of 3, then?|OK, I have one hotel located in the south, the lensfield hotel, and it is a 3 star. It's expensive, is that ok?
No I need something cheap really do|I'm sorry. I'm not finding any results that match your criteria. Would you like to try a different location?
no. then find me a taxi|Where and when do you want to be picked up?
I need to be picked up at 17:00 from Ely.|I'm happy to help you with that. I just need to know your destination and I can book that for you.
I need the taxi to commute between the hotel and the restaurant. I have my restaurant reservation, but I still need to find a  2-star hotel in the south.|Okay, let's start with the hotel. As I'm looking, I don't see a 2-star hotel in the south. Would another rating suit your needs?
If there isn't a 2 star hotel, a 3 star hotel will do.|What about the Ashley hotel?
That would be great. Can you get me the postcode for the hotel, please?|sure thing it is cb41er, anything else today?
Can I please book a taxi from the hotel to the restaurant?|sure thing a blue bmw will be picking you up and the contact number is 07240838121, anything else today?
no I think that just about covers it, thanks|Thank you for your call. Have a great trip! Goodbye.
I'm craving some spicy food so find me an Indian restaurant on the East end please|The Curry Prince might fit the bill. Would you like reservations?
no not right now thanks|Okay. Would you like help with anything else?
Yes, is the Curry Prince in the moderate price range? If so, I'll need to make a reservation.|For how many, and day and time?
8 people at 12:15 on Friday, please.|Done! Your table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Your reference number is 4YZLGJJL. Is there anything else that I can help you with?
I need to book a room too a guesthouse that doesn't have internet but free parking|Would you like the guesthouse on the east side of town as well?
That would be fine.|There are 4 different options. 3 of the guesthouse are cheap and the oter 2 are moderate priced. Is there one you'd prefer?
You can decide please.  I need to book it for 8 people and 2 nights starting Friday please.  I'm looking forward to this!|Ok, the booking was successful for the allenbell guesthouse. 517a coldham lane, cb13js, phone:01223210353. The reference number is : WFFLJRT2.
Okay, thank you!|Anything else I can help you with today?
No that was all I needed. Thank you so much.|OKay let us know if you need anything else.
I do actually need a taxi between the two places.  I need to get to the restaurant for my booked reservation.|I was able to book your taxi. Be expecting a white Volvo. If you need to reach them, please call 07601547949.
that is it for now thanks|Thanks for calling, and enjoy your trip. Goodbye.
I want a restaurant with corsica food please.|What is the area you would like?
West side of town.|There are no matching restaurants. Would you like me to perform another search?
How about Italian food instead and could I have the phone number if you find a restaurant|Prezzo is a moderately priced Italian restaurant in the west side of town. The phone number is 01799 521260.
Thank you, goodbye.|Thank you  good bye
Where can I go that is located in the west in town?|What type of attraction or places are of interest for you?
Churches could be interesting|I do not see any churches in our system in that area. Do you have another attraction type that you would like to see?
Anything in the west will do. What's your favorite?|I'm so sorry, there must have been an error in our system. Clare Hall is a church in the west and is free to visit.
Thanks for the correction. Can you please get me their phone number?|their phone number is 01223332360
Thank you! I'm also looking for an African restaurant, near Clare Hall. Can you help out with that?|I'm sorry, we don't have an African restaurants near Clare Hall.
Okay, how about one that serves Indian food?|We have 6 options. Do you prefer expensive or moderate pricerange?
I want expensive please.|I have 5 options. I'd recommend cocum or india house. Does one of those sound good?
My sister loves India House. That sounds great. Can you book a table for 8 at 12:30 on Saturday, please?|I am not able to make that booking. Is there something else I can help you with?
Do they have anything available at 11:30?|I was able to book a table for 8 at 11:30 Saturday at India House. Your reference number is 157YLNUA. Is there anything else I can help you with?
That's all for now. Thank you|Thank you and enjoy your stay in Cambridge!
Can you give me some information on the Alpha Milton guesthouse?|I'd be happy to. They are one of our newest guesthouses in the north. They are moderately priced and are 3 star rated. They do not offer free wifi or parking.
book for 1 person 2 nights from tuesday|Your Reference number is : ZNDCQG9R. Is there anything else I can help you with?
That's it, thank you!|Thank you for calling Cambridge TownInfo centre! Have a great day!
Hello, I'm looking for some information about a particular restaurant. The name of it is Dojo Noodle Bar.|Dojo noodle bar is located at 40210 Millers Yard City Centre	 and serves cheap asian oriental food
Sounds good. Can you book me a table for 6 on Monday at 11:00?|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Reference number is : 3NI94BB3. Anything else?
Yes, I'll need a place to sleep off all that food. Do you have anything that's cheap but also has a 4-star rating?|I can help you with that.  To start, were you looking for a place in the Centre near the restaurant or did you want a different area of town?
I would prefer a guesthouse.  Is there one close to the restaurant?|There's the Alexander bed and breakfast. Would you like more info on that?
It depends. I'm looking for a hotel with free parking and internet. If those amenities are available I would like more information including the postcode and area, please.|The alexander bed and breakfast has both internet and parking.  The address is 56 saint barnabas road, cb12de.  Sound good?
The does sound good.  Can you tell me the rating on this place, too?|Sure. They have a 4-star rating. Would you like me to book a room for you?
Yes. I would like you to book me a room. Thanks.|Yes, how many days will you want to stay?
just two nights please|Ok, how many people will be staying? And what day would you like to check in?
I'll be checking in on Monday.|How many people will be staying?
I'm the only one staying in the guesthouse.|I'm sorry but it looks like the booking is unsuccessful. Do you have any alternate preferences?
That is actually fine, I won't be able to stay there after all.  You have been a great help.  Have a nice day.  Bye.|Thank you for contacting Cambridge TownInfo centre.  I hope you have a pleasant trip!  Goodbye!
Hello, I'd like some information on a restaurant in the centre.|I have many types of restaurants in the center. What type of cuisine are you looking for?
I would like african food.|I highly recommend bedouin located at 100 Mill Road City Centre. It is in the expensive range. Would you like me to book you a table?
yes, please. for 7 people starting at 11:15 on sunday.|I was able to book the table for you, your reference number is 1CRCO6HT they will hold the table for 15 minutes. Do you need anymore assistance?
I would also like to find a train that would arrive at 19:45 and depart from Cambridge.|What is your destination and travel day?
train should go to kings lynn and should leave on monday|Your best bet would be TR7803, leaving Cambridge at 18:11 and arriving King's Lynn at 18:58. Would you like a ticket?
Yes please that sounds good!|how many tickets should i book you for?
i apologize. i dont need to book tickets. but can i please get the travel time.|The travel time is 47 minutes.
Thanks. That's really all I need. Goodbye.|your welcome, have a great day!
I am looking for a restaurant, it's called anatolia|Anatolia is a Turkish restaurant in the centre of the city. Would you like me to make a reservation for you?
Yes I want to book a table for 5 people at 14:15 on Monday.|Ok, I have booked a table at Anatolia for 5 people on Monday at 14:15.
I am looking for something to do later in the centre of town.|Was there anything you were specifically interested in? For example there are museums and nightclubs.
I would like to go to a college in the centre of town.|Do you have a specific one in mind?
No, any one will be find.  Will you pick one for me and send me the address information and phone number?|Emmanuel Colleges number is 01223334200, and it is located on Saint Andrew's Street. Do you have any other questions?
Thank you, that is all.|Great.  Thanks for letting us assist you today!
Sorry, actually I need an expensive restaurant as well.|Okay what type of food would you like to eat and in what area please?
I want to try european food wherever it may be.|There are five expensive european restaurants in Cambridge. I suggest eraina, which is also in the centre.
thanks that is all i needed for today|You're welcome! Have a great time!
I would like to find a cheap restaurant. It should be in the North side of town.|what type of food do you want?
No preference for food type, thank you.|Great! Da vinci pizzeria and Royal Spice are both cheap and located in the north part of town.
Great! Da vinci pizzeria and Royal Spice are both cheap and located in the north part of town.|Which one do you prefer? Da vinci pizzeria or Royal Spice?
Royal Spice, give me their address please.|It's Victoria Avenue Chesterton.  Would you like the phone number?
No, thank you.  Goodbye!|Thank you and goodbye!
I'm looking for da vinci pizzeria.|Sure thing! They are a great italian restaurant that is located in the north. Their prices are rather cheap. Would you like more information on them?
Could you just book a table for me? I would like it to be on Monday at 17:30 for 3 people please.|It's reserved for you and your reference number is LNK5JA4Y. Anything else I can do for you?
I am also looking for a place to go in the centre I would like to see architecture.|There are 4 churches and 1 old schools known for their architecture. All are free except for great saint mary's church which charges 2 pounds. Would you like more information?
Thank you, you have answered all my questions, have a nice day.|It has been a pleasure. Thanks for using our service. Good day sir.
You're welcome. You have a great day as well.|be free to use our services anytime
I need to find out about guesthouses in the north part of the city.|I can help with that.  What price range were you looking for?
As long as it is 4 star, I'm not really worried about the price.|There are about 8 different ones. Most of them offer both free parking and wifi. I can recommend one if you like.
I would like free wifi. Could you find me rooms at one, four nights for 2 people, beginning Saturday?|Reference number is : DPFNET0I. is there anything else I could help with ?
Yes, I'm also looking for a North African restaurant.|I don't have a North African restaurant right now, is there another cuisine that appeals to you?
no i cant change the type of food|Is there anything else I can help you with at this time?
are there any expensive restaurants? in the same area as the hotel?|What kind of cuisine do you want?
I'm fine with anything as long as it's expensive and near the hotel area.|There are 5 results for expensive restaurants in the north, would you like to make a reservation? The choices are Chinese, European, French or Asian oriental.
Let's do chinese food, please.|How about The Hotpot chinese restaurant?  It meets all of your criteria.
Sounds great. Could I please book a table for the same group of people at 19:45?|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Reference number is : 05JKM1ZF.
Thank you. Goodbye|Thanks for using our services, enjoy your day.
I'm looking for a cuban restaurant.|I'm afraid I don't have any matches. Do you have any other food preferences?
I need something expensive in Centre and it really needs to serve Cuban food.|Again, unfortunately, we don't have any Cuban restaurants listed. Is there another type of food you would like to try?
Is there a chinese restaurant in the same price range?|I have several places. Would you like me to book it?
No, just pick your favorite and give me the address and postcode please.|There is no listings for Cuban food ,would you want something else
I was hoping for Cuban, but since there aren't any, do you have any expensive Chinese restaurants in the centre of town?|May I recommend Ugly Duckling? They're an expensive Chinese restaurant in the centre and they are quite popular.
Sure, could I get the postcode and the address please?|The Ugly Duckling is located at 12 St. Johns Street City Centre and their postcode is cb21tw. Can I assist you with anything further?
Thank you. I also want a train for friday, from broxbourne to cambridge|There are 19 trains on Friday, do you have a specific time you want to travel?
I need to be in cambridge by 08:15.|There are 2 that arrive by 08:15. The closest to that arrival time is arriving at 07:32.
What is the travel time for that one?|That's TR5570. The travel time is 60 minutes.
And what is the price on that one?|17.90 pounds per ticket I do believe. Is there something else I can help you with today?
What time is the departure? I am sorry.|The departure is 06:32. Anything else?
I think that is all I need for today. Thank you for all your help.|You're very welcome. Enjoy your time here.
I don't know if you've heard of it but can you please get me some information on the la tasca restaurant?|Happy to help -  la tasca is a Spanish restaurant with a moderate price point located in the centre.
Great! will you please book that for 2 people at 17:30 on Sunday?|Alright, the table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Your reference number is: AO0MS4Q3.
thank you for helping|You're most welcome. Can I help you with anything else today?
I need a place to stay, a hotel in the north. Preferably in the guesthouse category|Acorn guest house is available, would you like to stay there?
Does that include wifi? I don't want it to be too expensive.|It does include wifi. It is moderately priced.
I would like to book the Acorn for 2 people for 5 nights starting Sunday.|Booking was successful.
Reference number is : VDQW6MG8.  What else can I do to assist you today?
I also need a taxi from my room to the restaurants by the time of my reservation.|Booking is complete.  I have you booked with a black Audi.  Contact number 07873880008.  It will pick you up at 17:15.  Is there anything?
No that was everything, thank you!|OK, it was a pleasure helping you.  Have a great time in Cambridge.  Goodbye.
I am looking for a restaurant that is in the south part of town and in the cheap price range.|Nandos is located in the south part of town, is in the cheap price range and serves Portuguese food.
Hmm... Are there any other options available for cheap in the south side?|Yes, the lucky star serves chinese food, is located in the south part of town and is in the cheap price range.  Would you like their location?
phone number please|The phone number for The Lucky Star is 01223 244277. May I help you with anything else?
What is the postcode?|The postcode for The Lucky Star is C.B. 1 7 D.Y
Thank you goodbye.|Thank you for using our system. Good bye
I'm looking for an attraction called Christ's college.|Christ's College is located on Saint Andrew's Street in the centre area of the city.  Would you like the phone number?
What is the attraction type?|It is a college attraction.  Is there anything else you need to know?
I need a restaurant that serves scandinavian food please.|I'm sorry, there are not Scandinavian places in Cambridge.
how about turkish food?|There are 3 turkish restaurants in the centre. Do you have a price range in mind?
I'd like to impress my colleagues, so something expensive please.|I'd recommend Meze Bar Restaurant at 196 Mill Road City Center. Would you like a reservation?
Yes, please. For Sunday at 18:00.|How many will be in your group?
There will be five people in my group, so I need to make sure I get a reference number for the reservation, please.|A table for 5 has been booked for you at Meze for 18:00 on Sunday. Your Reference number is : 9BC3YJXN.
Thank you that is all I needed.|You're very welcome! Have a great day!
Thank you you can disconnect now.|Thank you goodbye.
Hi I'm looking to stay at a place with a 3 star rating that has free parking|Do you prefer a hotel or a guesthouse?
I would like a hotel.|Gonville Hotel is in the centre with three stars and free parking. Would that suit you?
Yes that would be just fine.|Ok   I will book it for you
There are 8 of us, staying 5 nights, beginning on saturday.|Very good, I'll go ahead and try to make that booking for you.
I'll will need the reference number please.|thank you the reference number is AH91827RT45C welcome
Yes, I'm looking for a steakhouse restaurant in the expensive price range.|Sorry, we're not finding anything. What else you would like to look for?
What other options are there at the city centre in the expensive price range?|There's the Bedouin offering African, Kymmoy offering Asian, and Fitzbillies offering British just to name a few.
African sounds great! Thanks!|I can book a table for you at Bedouin if you let me know the day, time, and number of people in your party.
I just need the postcode for now, Thanks!|The postcode for the Bedouin is cb12bd.  Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, can you also help me find a train leaving on Saturday after 15:15?|There are lots of trains then. Where are you leaving from and going to?
I'll be going from stansted airport and heading to cambridge.|There is train TR1493 departing Stansted airport at 15:24, if this works for you would you like me to book it?
That would be perfect, please book it.|I have booked you one seat on this train. Did you need any other seats? Your confirmation code is CBM69HZZ. Anything else I can help you with?
Can I get an arrival time for that?|Absolutely. You will arrive at 15:52.
Great, thanks!  I believe that's all I need for now!|Are you certain you do not require further assistance?
That was everything for today. Thank You!|Train TR1493 departs Stansted airport Saturday at 15:24 with an arrival time in Cambridge of 15:52.
Thank you for you help.|Anything else I can get you today?
No, thank you. Have a nice night.|You too. Good night.
Hello, I'm looking for an expensive restaurant located in the south part of town.|do you want particular food type?
I don't care|chiquito restaurant bar serves mexican food, in the expensive price range and in the south part of town
Are there any other options?|frankie and bennys serves italian food, in the expensive price range and it is in the south part of town, Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, please give me the phone number, address, and postcode.|The address is Cambridge Leisure Park Clifton Way Cherry Hinton, the postcode is CB17DY, and the phone number is 01223 412430.
What is the postcode again?|The postcode for frankie and bennys is C.B. 1 7 D.Y
Thank you, goodbye|Have a nice day
Hi. Can you help me find a train?|I sure can!  Do you have a destination in mind?
I'm going to broxbourne.|Ok.  What day will you be traveling?
I would like to leave on Tuesday.|Where will you be leaving from?
I will be departing from cambridge.|Is there a certain time you would like to leave?
I'd like to leave at 20:15. There will be 8 people traveling with me.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 143.19 GBP payable at the station .
Reference number is : ZKT87GL0.
Can you also help me find some information on a restaurant?  It is called Pizza express.|Is that just Pizza Express or Pizza Express Fen Ditton?
Just Pizza Express please.|Pizza express is a moderately priced italian restaurant in the centre. Do you want a reservation?
Yes please, 8 people at 12:30 on Tuesday.|I can't make that reservation right now. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Can you try for Thursday then?|Ok! You're booking was successful. Your reference number is 662ALFUF. Anything else I can do?
That's all I needed today. Thanks for your help. Goodbye!|I am always happy to assist! Bye!
Can you help me find a place to go in the centre?|There are many great attractions in the center of town. I recommend the Cambridge University Botanic Gardens - it's beautiful there!
entrance fee  and adress and phone number please|They are located at bateman street and the phone number is 01223336265
And what attraction type would that be considered?|It's listed as a park.
Ok, I didn't catch if it has an entrance fee?|Yes as a matter of fact it does and this is 4 pounds.
Is there an Indian restaurant in the same area as the attraction? If so what is the address and phone number?|I recommend Saffron Brasserie. They are located on Hills Road City Centre and their phone number is 01223354679. Is there anything else you need?
No.  I think I am all set.|Thank you goodbye
I need to find a British restaurant in West Cambridge.|There are multiple options for you. To narrow them down what price range do you have in mind?
No, can you recommend a favorite?|I would recommend Graffiti.  It is a bit expensive, so if you want something moderately price there is also Saint Johns Chop House.
Please book 2 tables for 8 people on friday also i need train tickets for 8 people.|What time would you like these reservations?
Graffiti sounds good.  I actually need that reservation for 5 people at 20:00 on Wednesday. Can I have the reference number for that?|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Reference number is : YYPPDY56. anything else i could help you with?
I would also like a train departing from london liverpool street and arriving in Cambridge at 09:00 on the same day.|There are two trains that would work. One arrives at 07:07 and the other arrives at 01:07. Which one would you prefer?
Can you book the train that arrives at 07:07 that one would work great. I need the reference number as well.|i can definitely do that, how many tickets would you like?
it's for the same group of people|Alright, I've booked a train for your group, the reference number is AOIMGBHK, and there will be an 83 GBP fee at the station.
Great, thanks!  That's all I needed right now!|You're welcome. Have a great day.
I want to dine at an expensive asian oriental food restaurant.|There are two restaurants that meet that criteria. May I suggest Kymmoy?
Which of the two restaurants is in the north?|Saigon City is in the North. Do you need a booking for that?
Yes, can you book a table for 5 for Monday at 16:15?|Yes, I can book the table for you.
ok, provide reference number too please.|The booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Reference number is : UM6YO5NS.
Is there a moderately priced restaurant in the centre?|yes there are 21 of them. which food type do you prefer?
I was really hoping to try some austrian food.|I'm sorry, I didn't get any matches for that.
Okay, how about some European food?|What about the hotel du vin and bistro at 15 - 19 Trumpington Street?
Great Can I have their phone number and postcode please?|01223227330	cb21qa, is there something else i could help you with?
I also need a place to stay in the same price range.|What area would you like it to be in?
I would like for it to be in the same area as the restaurant.|cityroomz is a 0 star hotel located in the city centre. It doesnt have free parking but does have free wifi. The phone number is 01223304050.
Thanks so much that was all I needed.|Great thank you so much for using our system today?
Can you help me find a restaurant called "Cotto"?|Yes. Cotto is located at 183 East Road City. Would you like the phone number?
Yes, and also the postcode.|Phone number is 01223302010. Postcode is cb11bg.
Thanks, I also need a train that leaves after 20:15 on Wednesday.|There are 546 trains leaving after 20:15. Where would you like to leave from and where do you want to go?
I am leaving from cambridge and heading to ely.|Train ID TR8533 is available to leave at 21:50 and arrive by 22:07.  Would you like to book this now?
Yes, please.  Thank you.|Before I book, I just want to confirm you only need one ticket?
Yes, that's right. It's just for me.|It's all booked, reference is 824HFY0Q
Great that's all I need, thank you.|Thank you. Have a great day. Goodbye
Hey, any good Chinese places on the southside?|There are three chinese places in the South, two are expensive and one is cheap. Is there a particular price you want or would you like a reccomendation?
I'd like one of the expensive ones. Which is your favorite?|The Peking Restaurant is a great option, would you like me to make a reservation for you?
Yes, that'd be great. Please make a reservation for 5 people for Monday at 17:45.|No problem, I will book it for you now.
Can I get the refrence number?|OK, your table is booked. Reference number is FHZMUKMO. Can I help you with anything else today?
No that will be all thank you.|I hope you enjoy your time.
Oh, you know, I need a guesthouse in the same area of town.  I need it for 4 nights starting on Monday for 5 people.|Okay, I recommend Rosa's Bed and Breakfast. Would you like me to book a reservation there?
Ok I will book it for you|Actually I will handle the booking on my end.  Would you like me to proceed per your request?
Yes, please. After booking, will you please send me the reference number?|Your booking has been successful. Your reference number is D1X8g7QX. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No, I believe that is everything. Thank you!|You are so welcome, have a nice trip
I want a moderately priced restaurant please.|What kind of food would you like to have?
Any kind of food will be fine as long as it is moderately priced and in the north part of town.|Golden Wok is in the north part of town, and is moderately priced.  It serves Chinese food.
Is there any other restaurant?|There is the nirala, which serves indian food in the moderate price range and the north part of town
That sounds good. What is their phone number?|The phone number is 01223 360966.
Thank you, goodbye|You are very welcome. Bye.
Hi, I would like to find an expensive restaurant in the centre of cambridge please.|Certainly, there are many expensive restaurants in the town centre. What type of food do you prefer?
I am looking to eat some mediterranean food.|I have two great choices for you. La Mimosa and the Shiraz Restaurant. Can I offer you more information on one of these two?
Sure, can I get the postcode, phone number, and address for La Mimosa, please?|Absolutely. La Mimosa is located at Thompsons Lane Fen Ditton. The postcode is cb58aq. Their phone number is 01223362525. Can I assist you in making a reservation?
No thank you!!  Thank you for all your help.|Is there any other information I can get for you at this time?
No, that's all for today. Goodbye.|Goodbye, have a wonderful day!
Hello, I am looking for a cheap restaurant that serves german food.|It looks like there are no German restaurants in the city. Would you like me to check for a different type of restaurant?
Yes, how about portuguese food?|There are two restaurants in the cheap price range that serve Portuguese food. What area would you like to go to?
It doesn't matter.|nandos serves portuguese food and in the cheap price range. is there anything else I can help you with?
I would like the address of Nandos restaurant, please.|Nandos is located in the south part of the city and the address is Cambridge Leisure Park Clifton Way.  Anything else you need?
Thank you, goodbye.|Thank you good bye.
I need a place to stay in the west part of the town? Some place with free wifi please.|Sure, do you prefer hotels or guesthouses?
It doesnt' matter.  I don't care about parking either.|I am showing 2 guesthouses and 2 hotels. Which would you prefer?
Pick one of the two hotels for us please.|The the cambridge belfry is a 4 star hotel on the west side in the cheap price range.
Sounds good.  Let's book it for 3 people on 2 nights starting from friday.|Booking was successful.
Reference number is : 2T7NK2CG
Thank you. I need to find an Indian restaurant that is expensive and in the same area as my hotel.|There are five options to choose from. I can recommend the restaurant cocum to you if you'd like
That sounds good. Can you reserve a table for 3 people at 16:45 on friday? And tell me my reference number|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Reference number is : U6M1IEOW. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Yes, I need a taxi to get us between both places, and I need it to arrive in time for my restaurant reservation.|Your all set! A blue lexus will be picking you up and the contact number is 07598275631, anything else today?
That's all I need for now.  Thanks for all your help!|You arr welcome, have a great night.
I'm looking for a moderately priced Turkish restaurant.|Sure, there are two. I recommend the Anatolia. Would you like a reservation?
is it located in the centre?|Why, yes it is in the center. I can book you a reservation if you like.
Yes can you book it for 3 people Thursday at 20:00?|I can help you with that. I was able to get you a table for 3 at 20:00 on Thursday. The restaurant will hold your table for 15 minutes.
Thanks. O'm also looking for a place to stay, moderately priced.|There are three to choose from; The Ashley Hotel, Cityroomz, and the Lovell Lodge. Which would you like?
I need one that includes free wifi and is in the centre.|There is one option. It is cityroomz, a 0 star hotel.
Can you book it for me?|I definitely can.  For how many people and how many nights?
Actually I just need to know how many stars they hotel has and the postcode.|It is a 0 star hotel.
And what is the postcode?|The postcode is cb12tz. Is there anything else I can do for you today?
Can you book a taxi to pick me up from cityroomz and take me to Anatolia, arriving by 20:00? Give me car type and contact info|Sure can, the booking has been completed! The car type is a yellow skoda and the contact number is 07710275649. Can I help with anything else?
I will also need a taxi to pick me up at the hotel and take me to the restaurant.|Again that has been booked  your car type is a yellow skoda and the contact number is 07710275649. Can I help you with anything else?
No thank you, that will be all for now.|Okay. Well, if you should need further assistance, don't hesitate to contact us. Thank you and goodbye.
Hello, I'm looking for a restaurant that serves North American food.|Gourmet burger kitchen serve North American food do you want me to book a table?
I also need it in the expensive price range.|Yes, the Gourmet Burger Kitchen is rated as expensive. Would you like to book?
I need the post code actually.|The post code for gourmet burger kitchen is cb21ab.  Can I help you with anything else today?
Yes I am looking for a train leaving Cambridge, arriving by 12:30 on Wednesday to Bishops Stortford.|If you take the TR8224, you'll get to Bishop's Stortford at 12:07.
And what's the travel time on that?|The travel time on TR8224 is 38 minutes.
Great!  Thanks for the information.  That will be all for today.  Have a great day!|You're very welcome. You have a great day as well, goodbye!
Can you find me a guesthouse with a 4 star rating?|I have a number of guesthouses available, do you have a location preference?
Not really, but I do need free parking in expensive range|I'm sorry, but we don't have anything that meets your requests. Would you like to change what you're looking for?  Maybe I could help you with something else?
what about the one with a cheap range?|I have seven cheap 4 star guesthouses with free parking in the cheap range. One in the center, three in the east and one each in the north, south and west.
Can you recommend one? I need a reservation for tuesday|alexander bed and breakfast would suit your needs. How many people will be staying and for how many days?
i want to book it for 1 people and 3 nights starting from tuesday.|Reference number is : BL0Z1OXC. Anything else I can help with?
I also would like to find a chinese restaurant in the centre.|What's your price range? I recommend the Ugly Duckling, but it's expensive. Charlie Chan is a good, cheap place, and Lan Hong House is in the middle, price-wise.
Let's go with the cheap place. It will be the same day, same people, and we'd like to dine at 14:15.|Booking was successful and your table will be reserved for 15 minutes. The reference number is DJAKWB3Y. Is there anything else I can help you with?
That's all, I'm gonna need. Thanks.|Thank you for using our service today?
Actually, I will need to book a taxi to commute between the hotel and restaurant. I want to arrive at the restaurant by the booked time.|Ok, your taxi will be a red lexus. Its contact number is 07558129121. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No thank you that will be all|Thank you again for using our service, enjoy your stay!
Hi, I am hoping you can give me some information on places to dine.|I am sure we can find you a great place to dine. First, do you have a type of food in mind and what is your preferred price range?
Yes, I would like a restaurant that serves corsica food.|There are no corsica restaurants in Cambridge. Would you like to try searching for something else?
How about gastropub restaurants please?|There are four restaurants that serve Gastropub, What pricerange would you like?
any is fine. book a table for 7 people at 15:45 on friday.|Okay I've got you at The Cow Pizza Kitchen and Bar. Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Reference number is : XOKT79OB.
Also, I'm looking for places to go in town that are in the same area as the restaurant.|There are 44 results. Can I narrow down the results with a certain type of attraction?
It really doesn't matter.  Can you just recommend one and give me the entrance fee, attraction type, and phone number?|Sure! How about Holy Trinity Church? It's a free architecture attraction, and their phone number is 01223355397. Can I help you with anything else?
Nope! That'll be all, thanks so much for your help!|Thanks for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Goodbye!
I need a place to dine for my upcoming trip.  I can't wait to try some of your local restaurants.|What kind of cuisine are you interested and do you have a price range in mind?
I would like a cheap chinese place.|What area of town would you like to be on?
The west please.|Unfortunately, I do not have anything that offers cheap chinese food in the west. Can I search another area or other type of food?
Is there one with Venetian food?|Unfortunately, I do not have anything that offers cheap Venetian food in the west. Can I search another area or other type of food?
Any expensive Indian food in the west?|I have 5 expensive indian restaurants in the west. i would suggest the rice boat. they are at 37 newnham road. i can make a reservation if you like.
Yes please. For monday at 12:00 for 5 people. I'll need the reference number as well.|your all set. Reference is T0MSA1QK. They will only hold the table for 15 minutes, so you might want to keep that in mind, anything else?
thanks for everything, this is great|You're welcome, have a great day.
Hi! I'm planning my trip to Cambridge and I was wondering if you had information on any Mediterranean restaurants located in the centre of Cambridge?|Thre are 3 such places. Do you have a price range?
Not really but I would like to make a reservation for 7 people at 16:45 on a Friday. I will need the reference number as well.|I would like to recommend the gardenia is that okay to book?
Yes. That sounds good. Do you have any moderate priced guesthouses available?|I was able to book the table for you the reference number is HH5J45Z5. There are many guesthouses to chose from, what area do you want to stay in?
I don't seem to have a preference but I wiukd like a moderately priced place with free parking.|Can I reccommend acorn guest house in the north,it has free parking and moderately priced?
Could I have the postcode and how many stars of the hotel?|The postcode of Acorn Guest House is cb41da.
I also need to get a taxi to go from the hotel to the restaurant. I need it to arrive at 16:45. I'd like the contact number and the car type.|The car type is a White Volkswagen and the contact info is 07869317817.  They will pick you up in time to have you at the restaurant by 16:45.
Thank you so much, thats all I need|You're very welcome! Have a great stay! Bye!
My friends told me to look into a restaurant called The Gandhi, could you please give me some information on it?|the gandhi is located at 72 Regent Street City Centre. Phone number is 01223353942
Thank you. And about how much is dinner there?|The Ghandi is considered an inexpensive restaurant. Would to see about booking a table?
Not at the moment, but I need some info on cherry hinton water play.|Cherry hinton water play is a park located at cherry hinton hall, cherry hinton road, postcode cb18dw.  Would you also like the phone number?
No, that is all the information I need at this time.  Thank you.|Have a nice day!
I'm interested in 4 star hotels in the centre of town.|I've located one 4 star hotel, University Arms Hotel located on Regent Street. It is an expensive hotel, but has internet and parking. Would you like to book a room?
I would prefer a hotel in the moderate price range.|There are no four star hotels in a moderate price range in that area.  Would you like me to search for a different area of town?
How about the cheap price range?|Alexander bed and breakfast is in the cheap price range in the centre area. Would you like to make a reservation?
Yes, I would like a reservation.|When will you begin your stay and how long will you stay?
Beginning on Wednesday for three nights. I also need a restaurant in the same area as the hotel that serves Chinese food.|how about charlie chan? i have heard great things
What's the price range of that one?|This one is cheap, will that work?
That would work yes, can I have their phone number and postcode?|Of course, the phone number is 01223361763 and the postcode is cb21db. Would you like me to book you a table?
No but I still need the reservation for the hotel and a taxi to arrive at the restaurant by 24:00. Need contact number and car type for that as well.|I can't book a reservation for your hotel until you tell me how many people will be staying.
just find me the phone number and postcode i'll book it myself|The postcode for the hotel is cb12de.  The phone number is 01223525725.  Can I assist with anything else?
Yes I need to book a taxi to travel between the two places.|I have a white Lexus picking you up from the hotel and will arrive at the restaurant by 24:00. The contact number is 07675725181. Can I assist with anything else?
No thank you. That is all I need.|You're welcome! Have a great day! Bye!
HI, I am looking for a cheap place in the centre of town to eat. Can you help?|Sure what type of food are you wanting?
Any type is fine, just something cheap and in the centre. Could you recommend one and give me the food type?|How about the Dojo Noodle Bar? They serve Asian Oriental.
That would be fine. Can I have their postcode and phone number please?|Their postcode is cb21rq, and their phone number is 01223363471
Thank you for your help today.|You're welcome! Goodbye!
Can you help me get train tickets leaving london kings cross arriving by 18:30?|What day would you like to travel?
On Thursday please.|TR5219 is leaving London Kings Cross at 05:17 and arriving by 06:08 at cambridge on friday
Can you tell me the price and travel time of that?|I'm sorry about the misinformation. The TR2775 leaves on Thursday like you want. The price is 23.60 and the travel time is 51 minutes.
Thank you. I am also looking for a place to eat, called graffiti.|I have that, what would you like to know and would you like to book it?
I would like to make a booking for 1 people at 21:00 on the same day.|I'm sorry, they were not able to accommodate that request. Would you like to try a different time?
How about 20:00 instead?|I'm sorry, but that booking is also unavailable.  Is there a different day or time I can check for you?  Maybe earlier in the evening?
If 21:00 and 20:00 are not available, I guess I am not interested in booking anything.  Can you check one more time for 20:00?|It was still unsuccessful. I am sorry. Any other times you would like me  to check?
No, unfortunately I need either 21:00 or 20:00. Thank you for checking.|I tried again, but there may be some technical difficulty.None of the reservations I've tried are working. I tried for every time between your requests. Can I help with anything else?
No, but I appreciate the help.|I hope you have a lovely day.
Thanks so much, but I just realized I am missing a crucial bit of info. What is the departure time on my train, please? The corrected train, that is.|I don't believe we were able to complete a reservation. Would you like to try again?
Yes, a train to Cambridge from london kings cross on Thursday by 18:30. If you can get a table for 1 at Graffiti that day at 20:00 or 21:00 too, great.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 47.2 GBP payable at the station .
Reference number is : R8P7XT7B.
That's all I need. Thanks.|OK. I'm sorry I wasn't able to get you into the restaurant you wanted. Your train TR2512 is leaving at 13:17. Let me know if you ever need anything else.
I want a place to eat that serves swiss food.|there are no restaurants with swiss food kindly suggest another,
How about does anyone serve European food?|I have many places serving European food. Do you have a price range preference?
It doesn't matter.  Please make a recommendation and book a table for 8 people at 11:30 on saturday.|Michaelhouse Cafe, 15-19 Trumpington Street, reservation for Saturday for 8 people. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number VRZWVKT7. Will there be anything else today?
I am also needing help finding a room. I don't care if they offer free parking or internet.|I have so many choices for you. It would be better to narrow the down by area.
I'd like a hotel in the south to stay at. It doesn't need to include internet, nor no need to have free parking. Closer to the restaurant would be preferred.|I would recommend Rosa's Bed and Breakfast. Would you like to make a booking?
I don't need a reservation right now but can I get more information?|Rosa's is a guesthouse in the cheap price range. It has 4 stars. The address is 01223512596 and the postcode is cb22ha. Do you need more information?
Ok that sounds nice please book that for 3 nights for 8 people starting on saturday.|Your room has been booked. Your reference number is JXKUVL9Y.
Thank you very much!|May I assist you with anything else today?
i also need a taxi to commute between the two places|When would you like to leave by?
I would like to leave in time to arrive at the restaurant for my reservation at 11:30.|Ok I need departure location, arrival location and travel time to book your taxi.
I will be leaving Rosa's Bed and Breakfast and heading to the restaurant. Please ensure the taxi arrives before 11:30.|Okay I have booked the taxi and you should expect to see a yellow Skoda and your contact number is 07075628107.
Have a nice day.|Thank you.  Have nice trip and call back with any questions.
I'm looking for an Indian restaurant in the west end of Cambridge.|There are 6 results for Indian restaurants in the west, what price range are you looking for?
I do not have a preference, so surprise me!|I recommend cocum as they are good.
Nice! I would like to make a reservation for 3 on Thursday at 11:30.|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : FGM5WP19.
Can I also book a train please?|What time would you like the train to leave?
The train needs to leave from peterborough and arrive at cambridge by 08:30.|Is there a time you would like to leave by?
No, just Thursday is the day I need it.|There are five trains leaving Peterborough and going to Cambridge on Thursday. The last one leaves at 7:19 and arrives at 8:09. Is this one you'd like to book?
That's perfect, though I don't want to book it just yet. Can you give me the travel time, price, and train ID please?|The train ID is TR7094. It takes 50 minutes to get from Peterborough to Cambridge. The price is 16.50 pounds. Is there anything else?
That's all I needed, thank you|You're welcome, have a lovely day!
I am looking for a restaurant to dine at in the centre of town. Could you recommend me any expensive places to try?|Yes several. I'd recommend the Cambridge Chop House,Midsummer House Restaurant or Fitzbillies Restaurant
What type of food do those places serve?|All three serve British Cuisine.
Alright, would you also be able to help me find a train? I'm looking to leave on Friday.|I found 404 trains leaving on Friday.  What is your departure and destination locations?
I'll be going to stansted airport from cambridge, and I need to arrive by 8:00.|I found two trains that will do that, one will leave at 5:40, and one will leave at 6:40, which would you like to book?
As long as it will be arriving by 08:00 it doesn't really matter which one, but I need the price of each ticket please.|Both trains cost 10.10 pounds per ticket.
Great thank you so much.|Would you still like me to book a ticket for you or are you satisfied at this point?
I think I'm all set. Thank you very much!|No problem! Have a great trip!
I need a moderately priced place to dine on the west side.|There are three options, british, indian and italian, any preference?
I would be interested in a moderately priced Indian restaurant on the west side.|There is a restaraunt named Meghna that is located on 205 Victoria Road Chesterton.  The phone number is 01123727410.  Would you like to book it?
No thanks, I'm not sure when exactly I am going to be eating, but thank you very much for the assistance.|Can I help you with anything else today?
Yes, I also need to find a place to stay.|What area are you wanting to stay in?
I need it in the same area as the restaurant and it should be a 3 star place.|What price range would you like?
Same price range as the restaurant|The Meghna is a nice place,s do you want me to book it ?
Does it have free wifi?|I would recommend Hobson House on the west side, 3 stars and does have wi-fi.
Does it have free parking?|Yes, it does have free parking
Okay can you give me their phone number?|Yes, their phone number is 01223304906. Anything else for you today?
Yes, I need a taxi also.|Where do you want to be picked up and by what time?
I would like to leave the restaurant by 14:00.|A black ford is booked for you! The contact number is 07564899941. Anything else today?
Thanks for all of your help today. Goodbye!|Have a great night.
Please help me find a place to dine that is moderately priced and is in the centre. Thanks.|There are 21 restaurants meeting your criteria; what type of cuisine are you looking to eat?
I would prefer Danish food, please.|I'm so sorry but there are no Danish restaurants in town at all. Can I interest you in a different type of cuisine?
Lebanese food would be great.|ali baba meets your criteria. can i book for you?
Can you book it for me and get a reference number ?|how many persons should i book for?
Please book for 2 people on Thursday at 18:00.|Just did, your Reference number is : 8WLSP1VJ.
Can I get the phone, address and post code of the restaurant please?|Their phone number is 01462432565 and their postcode is cb21nt. Their address is 59 Hills Road City Centre
Thanks.  I am also looking for a train going to Cambridge.  I need to leave sometime after 10:00.|And what day will you be traveling? Can you also tell me your departure city?
I will be departing from Broxbourne and will be leaving on Friday.|There is a train that leaves at 10:32.
That would work. I'd like 1 ticket, please.|Booking was successful. The price is 17.89 GBP, which is payable at the station. The reference number is PDDNSKVU and the train ID is TR5678.
Thanks for the help, that's all|You are welcome. Thank you for arranging dining and transportation through Cambridge TownInfo centre. Goodbye.
Hi I am looking for an expensive restaurant in the south part of town?|I can offer your Chinese, Indian, Italian, or Mexican food at expensive restaurants in the south. Which of these sounds good to you?
Which Mexican restaurant would you suggest? I need a table for 4 people at 14:00 on Friday|How about the Chiquito Restaurant and Bar? I will book it for you. Your reference number is 5I9ZH0LZ.
Also, are there any concerthalls in the same area of town as the restaurant?|I'm sorry, there are no concerthalls located in the south part of town. Would you like to search for something different?
That is too bad.  Would there be any theatres?|The Junction theater is the only theater in the area. It's located on Clifton way, cb17gx. If you would like to call their number is 01223511511.
What is the entrance fee?|Unfortunately that information is not available in my database.  I suggest calling ahead for entrance fee pricing.  Is there anything else I may assist you with?
That should be it today, thank you!|Thank you for using our system!
I need a train on Friday from the london liverpool street station.|There are 10 trains leaving that station on Friday. What time would you like to travel?
The train should leave after 17:15 and should go to Cambridge.|There are 4 trains that leave after 17:15. The TR9886 leaves at 17:39 from london liverpool street. Would you like me to book you a seat?
What is the arrival time?|That train arrives at 19:07.
Okay I would like to book it. I'm also looking for a restaurant on the cheap side in centre.|I found 15 restaurants, do you have a preference of food choice?
I really don't- it just needs to fit 8 people at 20:00 on Friday.|I'm unable to find an opening that fits your needs. Would you like to choose a different time or day?
How about for 19:00 that day? And can I have the reference number please?|Booking was successful for charlie chan's for Friday at 19:00. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. The reference number is POUAEXHL. Do you need further help with anything?
Thank you that should be it, thank you for your help.|Thank you for using our system!
Hi! Do you have any Indian food on the east side?|I have four Indian places, do you have a price range in mind?
No, I do not, any place will do. I'd like to find a table for three at 12:45 on Monday.|Unfortunately there are no tables available matching that, do you have another time?
Ok, how about 11:45, also I would like to know the name of the restaurant.|Ok I have a table for three booked at 11:45 at Curry Prince. It is in the east side of town. Your reference number is L8GT5J3I.
Okay that is wonderful. That is all I need.|Great, is there anything else I can do for you today?
No, that's all I need, thank you for your help.|Thank you for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre, and enjoy the rest of your day!
Hello, I'm planning my trip to cambridge, and I'm trying to find a hotel called alpha-milton guest house. Can you help?|Happy to help! That is a guest house in the north and is considered moderately priced.
Perfect. will you please give me the address, area, and phone number?|Yes, their address is 63 milton road. It is in the North par of town. Their phone number is 01223311625.
I also need to know about a restaurant called sala thong.|Sure, it is a Thai restaurant in the west part of the city.  It is expensive but very good.  What would you like to know?
Can you give me the phone number for Sala Thong?|Their phone number is 01223323178. Can I help you with anything else?
I also need to know the price range, and area.|They are an expensive restaurant in the west area. Can I help you with anything else today?
Nope, that's all I needed, thanks for the help.|Have a great day!
Hi, I'm looking for a place with Tuscan food in any price range.|I'm sorry, there is not a tuscan restaurant listed. Would you care to try something else?
How about any Korean restaurants?|Little Seoul is a Korean restaurant.
Phone number please|there phone number is 01223308681 is there anything else I can help you with?
No.  Thank you, goodbye.|Thank you. Goodbye.
Hello, I am looking for info on a restaurant in northern Cambridge that has moderate prices. Could you help me?|We have one Chinese and one Indian restaurant that matches your criteria. Would you like to make a reservation at one of these?
The Indian one sounds perfect.  I don't need a reservation just yet.  What is the name of it?|The name of it is The Nirala.  Can I help you with anything else today?
No, that is all I need  for now, thank you for your help.|I'm glad to have been of help. Enjoy the rest of your day.
I am looking for a train going to Cambridge.|Great and welcome! How about friday at 05:17? Is that time acceptable?
yes, that is perfect.|It will cost 23.50 pounds and the travel time will be 51 minutes, would you like to book it?
Yes, please.  Two tickets.|I've booked you 2 tickets on train TR5219 from london kings cross to cambridge on friday. The total fee is 47.2 pounds and your reference number is DVRX2C6V.
Thanks. A friend told me about a restaurant called the rice boat. Do you know it?|I have not been myself but hear it is nice.  It serves Indian food on the west end of town.  Would you like me reserve a table for you?
Yes please, 2 people at 20:30 on sunday.  Can I also get a reference number?|I was able to book that table for you (Ref #UU2PWIV7). Can I help you with anything else today?
Nope, that takes care of everything. Thank you!|You're welcome! Have a great trip!
Hello. I'm trying to plan my trip to Cambridge and need to find a hotel with free parking.|There are 29 establishments with free parking. Do you have any other criteria?
I also want free wifi and I need the hotel to be cheap as I don't have a lot of money to spend.|Which area of town would you like it to be in?
I don't care what part of town it's in. I do need a room for 6 people, 4 nights, and we're arriving on Saturday.|There are 9 guesthouses and 1 hotel, do you prefer one over the other?
I'd prefer the hotel please.|I was unable to create that booking. Perhaps you would like a guest house instead?
No, lets try reserving it for 2 nights instead.|I was able to complete the booking for 2 nights. Your reference number is 0B63XE0W
I also need a place to dine that serves international food and should be in the cheap price range.|I can recommend The Missing Sock on the east side of town.  It is in the cheap price range.
That sounds good. Can you book me a table for 6 on Saturday at 12:00?|Sure it has been reserved reference number 3acs8uko. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Great! That's all I needed, thanks for your help.|You're very welcome, I hope you enjoy your time here!  Thank you for contacting Cambridge TownInfo centre.
Please find me a hotel in cambridge with 4 star rating and free parking.|There are 19 hotels. Was there a price range you are looking for?
Thanks for asking.  Moderate suite my pocketbook best.|There are nine guest houses that fit your criteria. Are you interested in a particular area of town?
yes north will be fine with me|May I suggest Acorn Guesthouse? It fits all your criteria. Would you like me to reserve you any rooms?
That sounds great. I need a reservation for 8 people please.|When will you be arriving and how many days would you like to stay?
I'd like to book for 4 nights starting on wednesday, please.|Booking was successful.
Reference number is : FUHPBZA4. Can I help with anything else today?
i am also looking for a restaurant for that same day|Sure, what type of food are you looking for?
I think everyone likes Chinese food.|What price range would you like?
it should be on the moderate price range|I have 4 to choose from. Three are in the centre of town and 1 is in the north. Do you have a preference?
Let's do the one in the north, by the hotel.|Okay! How about Golden Wok? Would you like a reservation?
Yes for 18:00 on Wednesday for 8 people please.|Okay, you got it! The reference number for your reservation is 96EQ4JSI
Thank you! That is all I need.|Enjoy your dinner.
Have a great day!|You too and glad I could help.
I'm looking for a place to dine. The restaurant should serve japanese food and should be in the centre.|There is one restaurant called wagamama that fits your needs.
I'd like somewhere expensive, is it?|Yes it is.
Then that will be good. I need a reservation for 4 on Friday night please.|What time would you like to dine?
I'd like to eat at 17:30|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : FFAIB546.  Can I be of any other assistance today?
That is it, thank you.|we appreciate you using our services.
I am looking for a place to dine. The restaurant should be in the cheap price range and should serve vietnamese food.|There is a Vietnamese restaurant in the west area of town that is in the cheap price range called Thanh binh, should I book that for you?
Yes, I need the reservation to be for five people on Monday at 19:00.|Already booked. welcome
Thank you, can I get the reference number?|Sorry, unfortunately that time is not available.
am asking for the reference number please|My apologies, it seems that this particular booking is unavailable. Would you like to book a different time or day?
If the booking fails how about tuesday.|I have booked a table for 5 at 17:00 on Tuesday. They will hold the table for up to 15 minutes. The reference number is 2VNS11P1.
Okay that's all. Bye.|Thank you for calling us and have a great day. Goodbye.
I am seeking an expensive restaurant in Cambridge.|There are 57 expensive restaurants in Cambridge. Do you have a food type preference?
How about one in the east area?|That narrowed the search down to 5.  Do you have a food type preference?
Tell me your favorite. I'd like their phone number and address, please?|Sure. The sitar tandoori's phone number is 01223249955 and their address is 	43 High Street Cherry Hinton Cherry Hinton
Great, also, are there any museums in that same area?|We have four museums in that area. Most are free to visit, though the Cambridge Museum of Technology does have an entrance fee.
What is the postcode for the Cambridge Museum of Technology?|The postcode is cb58ld. Is there anything else you would like to know?
That's all I needed today, thank you.|You're very welcome. Goodbye!
I am planning a trip to Cambridge and am looking for a hotel.|There are at least 9 hotels in the area. What price range would you like?
Moderate price range. And a 4 star rating, please.|I'm sorry, we don't have any hotel rooms that meet those requirements.
I need a place with wifi.|I have 2 hotels in the moderate price range with free wifi and 2 star ratings in the north location, would you like one of those?
yes and book it for me and I need postcode|would you like the ashley hotel, cityroomz, or lovell lodge?
Ashely hotel will be fine thank you|The postcode for the Ashley hotel is cb41er, can you give me some more information to book your room?
it has wifi and free parking,there is no info on the room|Okay the Ashley Hotel and the Lovell Lodge match your preferences.
Which one is better?|Well, both have a two star rating and are in the same price range, so I think they'd be about the same, quality-wise.
Please pick on and make reservations for 8 people for 3 nights starting on Thursday.|Your reservation for 8 people at Ashley Hotel this Thursday for 4 days 3 nights was successful. Your Reference number is : NZP6RTB5.
Thanks now I need a cab to and from both places|Which place will be you departing from and and do you have to leave or arrive by a certain time?
I need to be at the restaurant by 1:00.|What is the other place?
I need to be picked up at the hotel, please.|I'm sorry, what restaurant do you need to be picked up from?
It appears that I forgot to book a restaurant reservation. I need something in the south in the same price range as the hotel, please.|I have 9 restaurants in the south. What price range would you like?
Priced moderately please.|I have only one in the moderate price range serving modern European food. Would you like a booking there?
I don't want to book it quite yet. Could you get me the phone number, postcode, and address?|Restaurant alimentum is located at 152 - 154 Hills Road, postcode cb28pb. Their phone number is 01223413000. May I help with something else?
Can you help me find a taxi?|I have a yellow Honda scheduled to pick you up at the hotel at 1:00.  The contact number is 07039029314.  Can I help with anything else?
No that is all I need today. Thanks for the help.|Thank you very much for calling  the Cambridge TownInfo centre, have a nice day.
Hi, I am looking for a cheap restaurant in the town centre?|Yes there are many in my search for you,can I get what type of food you are looking to eat at the restaurant?
Italian Food , Cheap and in the East part of town|There are several cheap Italian restaurants in the centre but none in the east.
Actually a chinese restaurant in the centre would better suit our needs, what is available at a cheap price?|In the centre we have Charlie Chan, Rice House, and Golden House that are all quite inexpensive. Would you like me to book a table at one of them?
Yes please. I need a table for 3 people at 18:00 on Thursday.|You have a table at the Rice House.  It will be held for 15 minutes and the reference number is CBKXEVPZ.  Can I help you further?
No, that will be all thanks.  Have a great day.|Thank you. I hope you have a good day as well.
Know any good bites around here?|I have a wide range of places I can recommend. First, why don't I ask if there is an area in the city that you prefer to dine in?
I would like to dine in the south, preferably Chinese and expensive.|We have two in that area. There is "peking restaurant" and "the good luck chinese food takeaway". Would you like to book a table at one of these options?
Can I just get the address for the Peking Restaurant?|Absolutely - the Peking Restaurant is located at 10 Homerton Street City Centre, cb28nx. Can I help with anything else today?
Nope, that'll do it. I'm going to go eat! Thanks for your help!|Great.  Enjoy your meal!  Goodbye.
I am looking for the restaurant, De Luca Cucina and bar. Where is it located in Cambridge?|De Luca Cucina and Bar is located at 83 Regent Street, would you like their phone number as well?
Yes, can you also confirm what kind of food these serve for me?|De Luca Cucina and Bar serves modern european food. Would you like a reservation?
Not at this time. I do need a train, though. I'll be leaving from london liverpool street on Sunday.|There are 10 trains. Is there a particular time you'd like to leave or arrive by?
i want to leave at 9:30am.|There are no trains leaving at 9:30 but train TR2357 departs at 9:39. Will that be okay?
Actually can I change that to after 13:45 and may I also get the reference number please?|No problem. The TR6946 leaves at 15:39. Does that work?
That does work. Please book 1 ticket for me.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 13.28 GBP payable at the station. Reference number is : 94XBLTRF. Can I help you with anything else today?
Great that should be all I need thank you.|You are welcome. Have a great day.
I am looking for an expensive restaurant that serves Indonesian food.|I'm sorry, there are no expensive restaurants that serve indonesian food. Can I help you with something else?
can i have a thai food instead?|bangkok city is thai restaurant in the expensive price range located in the centre city.
address and phone number, please|Sure, bangkok city is located at 24 green street city centre and its phone number is 01223 354382. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Sorry what type of food do they serve?|They serve thai food.
No, thank you! I've got all the info I needed. Goodbye.|Thank you.
I am looking for some restaurant recommendations.|Do you have a cuisine or area in mind?
I would like some Middle Eastern food, preferably in the cheap price range. I'd also like to be in the Centre.|I didn't find anything within that range.  Would you be willing to increase the price or go outside of the city centre?
No, not really.  How about Indian food instead of Middle Eastern?|There are three Indian food restaurants that fit your request. They are Kohinoor, The Gandhi, and Mahal of Cambridge. Would like to make a booking at one of them?
No just the address, postcode and phone number of the one you recommend.|I recommend the Gandhi whose phone number is 01223353942 and they are located at 72 Regent Street City Centre with post code cb21db. May I help you with anything else?
I also need a place to stay. I need somewhere that is a guesthouse and includes free parking.|There are 21 guest houses that meet your specifications. Tell me about some of your other preferences?  What area of town are you interested in?
Area does not matter but something with 4 stars.|How about the limehouse?
Is Limehouse 4 stars?|Yes, Limehouse is 4 stars. Would you like me to book?
Can you give me the phone number and price range?|Sure, their phone number is 01223300552 and the price range is moderate.  Would you like to book a room there?
I can do that myself. Thank you for the information.|You are welcome.
Have a wonderful day!|Thank you! You as well!
I am looking for an expensive restaurant in Cambridge that serves Tuscan food.|Unfortunately, I do not have anything that matches your request. Would you like me to check a different type of restaurant or price range?
Is there anything Tuscan in the centre of town?|No Tuscan food in town, shall I try another type for you?
How about mediterranean food?|May I suggest la mimosa? Wonderful mediterranean, took my mother there for her birthday and it was exquisite!
Can I have the postcode, address, and phone number, please?|The postcode is cb58aq, the address is Thompsons Lane Fen Ditton, and the phone number is 01223362525.
Thanks for the restaurant, I also need to take train departing from Leicester that will arrive by 15:15.|Just to confirm, was that a train into Cambridge? What day will you be traveling?
I want to leave on wednesday.|Train TR8292 arrives in Cambridge at 14:54, would you like for me to book it for you?
I am still thinking about it.|Take your time. Just for your information, the total cost would  be 37.80 pounds payable at the station. There are also other options available.
I don't think I will book just yet but can you give me the travel time for TR8392 please?|The duration of travel is 105  minutes. Do you need anything else?
That is all for now.  If I change my mind in booking, I will call you back. Thank you.|You're welcome. Have a nice day.
You as well.|Thank you for using our service good bye
Hello, I am looking for a restaurant on the south side of town that serves international food.|I'm sorry, there are no international food restaurants on the south side of town. Would you like another type of food?
How about Chinese food?|There are the Peking Restaurant, which is expensive, the Good Luck Chinese Food Takeaway, which is also expensive, and the Lucky Star, which is cheap.
Can I have the address of Lucky Star?|Cambridge Leisure Park Clifton Way Cherry Hinton 01223 244277
Thank you!|Thank you. Good bye
I am excited to eat at some great restaurants during my visit.  Can you help me find a guesthouse?|Sure, got an area of town you want to stay in?
I'll need a guesthouse that has free wifi that has a rating of 4 stars.|What area of town do you want to stay in?
No particular area, could you give me a recommendation?|The Acorn Guest House	is in the north and moderately priced. Will that suit you?
Yes, that will. Can you please reserve a room for 4 nights beginning on Sunday. There will be six of us.|I was able to book your room per your request.  Your  reference number is : 40VQ9ANP.  Was there anything else you needed?
I am also looking for an expensive Indian restaurant nearby.|In what area would you like it to be?
In the centre please.|I would suggest this place the golden curry.
Can I have the phone number and postcode please?|01223302330. Post code is cb21dp. Is there anything else you will need?
That is all I need, good day.|Would you like me to book it for you?
No thanks, that's all I needed.|Okay, have a great trip!
I need an inexpensive restaurant in the centre of Cambridge.|There is nothing cheap in centre. Can you expand your price range?
Not really, try kosher food types.|I'm sorry, but there is no Kosher restaurant in the area, can I check other part of town?
How about one that serves Asian Oriental food?|I've located 2 inexpensive restaurants, Dojo noodle bar and J Restaurant. Which would you like?
I'll try the noodle bar. I'd like to reserve a table as well.|How many people would you like to reserve a table for?  And, what time and day would you like to make the reservation?
for seven people on wednesday.|Sure, I can book that.  What time would you like the reservation for?
I would like the reservation to be at 16:00 please.|Okay. Your booking at the Dojo Noodle Bar was successful. The reference number is 0EGLWEQK. Can I help with anything else today?
Great, now I need a train to leave on Thursday departing from cambridge going to peterborough, it needs to arrive by 14:30.|How many tickets do you need?
I actually don't need to book any tickets. I just need the train id, travel time and departure time please.|TR7098 departs Thursday at 05:06 and has a travel time of 50 minutes.
Thanks. You have been so helpful with the restaurant and train. That's all. Goodbye.|You're welcome. Have a great day!
Hi, you can help me by getting me some options about where to stay on the North end. Preferably a 4 star hotel|The acorn guest house is nice
Are there any hotels available, instead of a guesthouse?|There are no 4 star hotels in the north part of town
Ok, let's go with guesthouse. A moderately priced one, 4 stars.|home from home	is located at 78-80 milton road, cb41la. can i give you the phone number?
Do they have free parking?|yes they do . can we book?
I don't need a room right now, but I would like to know if there is a Persian restaurant in the north.|There are no persian restaurants in the north, would you like me to run another search?
Are there any italian places around the hotel?|There is! I have Da Vinci Pizzeria, located at 20 Milton Road Chesterton. It is in the cheap range. Would you like to book a table?
Yes, please book a table for 1 at 18:45 on Sunday.|OK, I've got your table reserved, they'll hold it for 15 minutes. Your reference number is V8O2HYKW. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I also want to book a taxi to commute between the two places, from my lodgings, so it gets me to the restaurant on time.|Your booking has been completed! Booked car type: white audi  The contact number	is: 07231461791. Can I help you with anything else today?
I don't think so.  Thank you.|Thank you, too.  I hope you have a great day.  Goodbye!
I'm looking to get some info about a hotel called Home from Home|Home from Home is located at 78-80 Milton Rd.  It's a 4 star hotel in the north part of town.  Phone is 01223323555.
Yes, can you please book a room for me for 4 people for 5 nights starting on Thursday.|Yes your booking was successful and your reference number is  Z7XFCSHU.
I am also looking for an Indian restaurant that is located in the centre?|there is curry garden as well as eight other options for you.
Curry Garden sounds good, can you book me for 4 people at 12:15 on saturday?|I have a table for 4 at 12:15 on Saturday at Curry Garden. Is there anything else i can help you with?
Could I get the reference number please?|Your reference number is XDJE6L0H. Do you need anything else?
No that is all I do believe thanks for all of your help|You are welcome!  Enjoy your visit!
i need to find a place to go in the west|There are several colleges and museums in the west and one entertainment venue.  What are you interested in?
Can you tell me about a couple museums, any type, and let me know the cost.|cafe jello gallery is a nice place to visit. cambridge and county folk museum is nice too.
What is the entrance fee for cafe jello gallery?|Entrance into cafe jello gallery is free. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
I also need a place to eat near the attraction.|I found a nice restaurant for you called Saint Johns Chop House. It's not too pricey and tastes great!
Thank you! Is it a European restaurant?|It is a british restaurant. Does that meet your needs?
No I would like to find  European restaurant.|There is the cambridge lodge restaurant, which is in the expensive price range. Address Cambridge Lodge Hotel 139 Huntingdon Road City Centre. Would you like me to book a table for you?
Is that located in the west? I forgot to mention I wanted to stay close to where the museum is.|Yes it is in the west. Do you need anything else?
Just the postcode. Thanks for all of your help!|the postcode is cb30af
Let's see...restaurant, museum...nope. That's everything I need!|Happy to be of service, and enjoy your time in Cambridge!
I want an expensive french place to dine in.|Sure, do you prefer the centre of town or the north end?
In the north please.|Restaurant two two is an expensive french restaurant in the north. Would you like a reservation?
no i want the post code and address|Sure, they are located at 22 Chesterton Road Chesterton and their postcode is cb43ax. Is there anything else you need?
a train. The train should arrive by 20:45 and should go to stansted airport|Where are you departing from, What day do you want to travel and how many people can I book tickets for?
Departing from Cambridge on Saturday.|What time would you like to leave?
It doesn't matter what time I leave as long as I arrive at the airport by 20:45.|TR1703 leaves cambridge on sunday at 19:40 and arrives at stansted airport at 20:08. The cost is 8.08 pounds. Would you like me to book it for you?
Yes please, can you book 2 tickets and can i get a reference number please? Thank you.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 16.16 GBP payable at the station .
Reference number is : 86BN010L
Thank you, my trip is planned, that is everything.|Okay, great. Let us know if you need anything else.
I am looking for a restaurant in the centre of town that serves kosher food.|I'm sorry, but there are no restaurants in the center of town that offer kosher food. Would you like me to check another area?
Are there any kosher restaurants in the city at all?|I'm sorry. There are none.
Alright. Can you find me an indian food restaurant instead?|Sure, there are 22 Indian places in the city. Do you have a price range you're looking for?
Something expensive please.|How about the Curry Garden in the city center?
Sounds perfect.  Can you book a table for 3 at 19:15 on Thursday?|I'm sorry I was unable to do so. Would you like to try another restaurant?
Yes. Just make sure it is something in the expensive range.|I was able to book you into the Curry Garden, an expensive Indian restaurant in the city center and your reference number is DHF9VBTS.
Okay great. That is all I need. Thank you.|You're welcome. Good-bye.
Can you help me find a place to have dinner?|Sure! What type of food are you looking for and in what area of town?
I'd like some good asian oriental food.  Near the centre of town would be great.|I found the yippee noodle bar it is in the moderate price range, their phone number is 01223518111. Do you want me to book a table for you?
Actually, do you have anything that is expensive. It's a business meeting so I'd like to impress them.|There is kymmoy that meets your requirements would you like me to book a table?
Yes can you book it for Tuesday at 12:00 for 4 people?|Okay I have booked that for you. Your reference number is 9A4YK0UB. Is there anything else I can do for you?
No that is everything that I need.  Thank you so much for your assistance and have a wonderful day.|You're very welcome. Enjoy your dinner!
I'm looking for a moderate place to stay in the centre.|The City Room Hotel meets your requirements. Do you need the phone number?
Does it have four stars?|I'm sorry, it only has 0 stars.  Would you like to try a different part of town?
No I would like to stay in the centre. Can you recommend a cheap one in that area instead?|The Alexander Bed and Breakfast has 4 stars and is within your price range. Would you like me to book that for you?
what their address? do they have free parking?|The address is 56 Saint Barnabas Rood, and they do have free parking.
Great can I also find a restaurant in the centre of town in the cheap price range?|There are over 110 entries that fit the area and price range, what food type did you have in mind?
I don't have a preference for food type. I do need reservations for 8 at 12:00 on thursday.|That booking was unsuccessful. Could you do another time?
Yes, how about 11:00 instead?|Okay you have reservations at dojo noodle bar and your reference number is WJJDIBTF.
Great. Thanks so much. Can you also get me a taxi from the Alexander B&B to Dojo Noodle Bar and get me there by 11:00?|Booking completed!
Booked car type	:	grey toyota
Contact number	:	07149685492
Ok, thank you, that will be all. Goodbye|Thank you and enjoy your visit to cambridge. Have a great day.
I am looking for a place to dine at that serves afternoon tea and that is moderately priced. Please help.|I didn't find any results matching your criteria. Would you like me to find another restaurant?
How about an Indian restaurant, then?|Great news!  I have four restaurants.  Do you have a certain area that's more convenient?
No area does not matter.|Well I have moderately priced restaurants in the east, north and west. Would you lie me to choose for you?
That would be great. There will be 7 of us.|I would choose Curry Prince.  When would you like to dine?
i need a table reserved for friday|How many people and at what time?
I would like a booking at 13:00 for 7 people for Friday.|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.  Reference number is : L6V4VV8Q.  Can I help with anything else?
Yes, please. I need a place to stay.|We have plenty to choose from, what preferences do you have?
it should be a guest house in the north|Okay! What price range would you like?
I would like expensive.|Sorry, I don't have anything matching that description. Would you like me to check for a hotel instead? Or change the area or price range?
I would accept one with moderate price range. I also need free parking.|I have 7 guesthouses that meet your criteria. I recommend the home from home. Would you like me to book it for you?
No thank you. I just need to know if they have free parking and the postcode.|WELL THE ACORN GUEST HOUSE HAS FREE INTERNET AND PARKING, POSTCODE IS CB41DA
I need a taxi also for the commute between both places|Ok great, and what time do you prefer?
18:00 pm and can you book it for me ?|Yes I will book it for you and get a reference number ?
Hello! Can you help me find a restaurant somewhere in the center of Cambridge please?|Sure thing!. There are 69 restaurants in the centre. Is there a specific cuisine or price range you're looking for?
Yes, I'm looking for an indian restaurant.|I have found 9 Indian restaurants. Do you have a price range in mind?
Not really. But I am also interested in finding some architecture to look at.|I recommend the All Saints Church, located in the centre. Would you like more information?
May I get the area of the church, phone number, and entrance fee?|The church is in the centre area, its phone number is 01223452587, and the entrance fee is free.
Excellent. That's all I need.|Great! Is there anything else I can assist you with?
No, that will be all today.|Thank you and have nice visit.
I'm looking for a moderately priced hotel to stay at that includes free wifi. Can you help?|Do you have a location preference?
I would like to stay in the east, if possible.|We have three moderate priced places to stay in the east with free wifi, would you like a recommendation?
Yes but to help it doesn't need to have free parking.|i can book you one if you provide me with more information on it
Can you pick one and send me the postcode, address and phone number?|a and b guest house	124 tenison road	cb12dp and the phone number is 01223315702
Thank you! I also need a reservation at the Saffron Brasserie for 2 people at 15:45 on Wednesday please.|Okay I have your reservation for the Saffron Brasserie booked and your reference number is QJ98YT0F.
that is it for today thank you very much|Thank you for using Cambridge TownInfo. Goodbye.
Hello, I am looking for an expensive restaurant that serves Lebanese food.|I'm sorry, but I cannot find any expensive Lebanese restaurants.
Can I get the address, phone number, and area of an Italian restaurant?|How about Caffe Uno, they are in the centre area. Their address is 32 Bridge Street City Centre and their phone number is 01223 448620.
Perfect, thank you!|Thank you. Good bye
I am looking for a hotel.|Ok can we narrow our search a little. Where are you staying and what can you afford?
I need a hotel named University Arms, I need the star of this hotel and the postcode please.|The University Arms Hotel is a 4 star hotel in the centre of town, and their postcode is cb21ad. Would you like to make a reservation?
No thanks, but I am looking for an expensive restaurant in the center of town. Can you tell me what's available?|There are 33 restaurants that match your preferences. What type of food would you like?
I would really like chinese food please|I have 4 different restaurants to choose from. If I might offer a recommendation, the Ugly Duckling is highly rated and has an excellent buffet option.
would i book a table for 1 people at 13:30 on saturday please?|I'm sorry, they don't have anything available then. Would you like me to try another day or time?
How about a little earlier, say 12:30?|Booking was successful. The tabled will be reserved for 15 minutes. The reference number is: ZIEEXAYS
Thank you very much.  Goodbye.|You're Welcome! Have a great day!
What's available in the centre, in the way of cheap places to eat?|I'm showing 15 cheap restaurants in the area. Do you a preference for a type of food?
No preference. Would you recommend a restaurant for me?|How about the Dojo Noodle Bar? It serves Asian Oriental food.
I think that sounds good. Can you go ahead and book that for me? I need it for 1 person on Wednesday at 14:00. Can I also get that reference number?|There is the dojo noodle bar in the centre. Would you like me to book a reservation there.
Great yes please do, can I get the reference number for that?|I'm sorry, I wasn't able to get a table. Would you like me to try J Restaurant, with similar cuisine? Or maybe somewhere else?
Yes try to book it there and give me the reference number also.|I was able to book you at J Restaurant.  The reference number is 1PWMNUIK.  The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Thank you for your help.  That will be all I need for now. Bye.|You are very welcome.  Enjoy your day and your meal on Wednesday.  Bye.
Hi, I was wondering if there was a swimming pool that an out of town person could use while visiting.|I have four, what area were you looking to swim in?
Any of them will be ok I also need the postcode and area it's in.|I recommend kings hedges learner pool in the north the postcode is cb42xh. Is there anything else I can  help you with today?
Perfect, thanks. Can you also help me find a good Turkish restaurant that's moderately priced?|There are 2 and they are both in the centre.  Anatolia & efes restaurant.  Which do you prefer?  Would you like a reservation?
Can I get more information about Anatolia?|Moderate Range Turkish food. Phone, 01223362372. Anything else?
Can you give me the postcode?|The postcode is cb21uj. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, I also want to book a taxi.  Can you help me with that?|Where will the taxi be leaving from and going to?
the restaurant and the swimming pool of course. I want to leave the restaurant by 5:15 sharp|You'll be in a white Skoda and the contact number is 07935 536 503. Can I confirm, though, that you wish to leave the restaurant at 5:15 in the morning?
Yes, I want to leave the restaurant by 05:15.|Great - you are all set with your white Skoda.  Anything else I can help with?
No thank you that will be all|Great! Have a nice day!
I want to find a seafood restaurant in the centre|I've found one seafood restaurant in the centre. Would you like to know more about it?
No that's fine. Just book me a table for 2 people at 13:00 on Saturday.|The restaurant is Loch Fyne. They do not have any availability at that time. Would you like me to try a different time?
Let's try a different restaurant in the same area and price range please.|There are 5 expensive restaurants in the centre. One serves African, one serves Asian, and three serve British. Which would you prefer?
The African restaurant sounds great. Can you make a reservation for 2 at 13:00 this Saturday?|I have your reservation made for Bedouin on Saturday for 2 people at 13:00
May I have the reference number for that reservation|The reference number is CH13IBY4. Anything else I can help you with?
Thank you so much. That is all I need.|You're welcome. Good-bye.
Is there a cheap restaurant in the north part of town?|I have found two. They are Da Vinci pizzeria and Royal Spice.
What is the address and phone number of one of them?|The address for Da Vinci Pizzeria is 20 Milton Road Chesterton and its phone number is 01223 351707.  Do you need anymore information?
No that will do thanks.|Thank you for using the Cambridge restaurant system. Goodbye.
I am looking for an italian restaurant, cheap preferably.|There are 5 cheap Italian restaurants is there an area you prefer?
Yes, I'd like to be in the center of town, please.|There are 3 restaurants which match that criteria which are the Pizza Hut City Centre, Ask, and Zizzi Cambridge. Would you like information for one of those restaurants?
Please book a table for 4 people at Zizzi Cambridge for 19:15 on Monday and provide me the reference number.|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Reference number is : TCYAVOO1.  Can I assist you with anything else today?
i'm also looking for emmanuel college|Emmanuel College is located on Saint Andrew's Street in the centre.
Can I get the phone number?|01223334200 is the phone number. Can I help you with anything else?
I would like a taxi.|Where would you like to depart from, and at what time?
I need to go from the college to the restaurant by 19:15 on Monday.|Booking completed!
Booked car type	:	yellow ford
Contact number	:	07431638056
Thank you for the information. I appreciate it. Good bye.|I'm glad I could help.
I need to find an Italian restaurant please.|There are several Italian Restaurants. What area are you interested in?
I am so sorry, I would rather have gastropub food, moderately priced please.|Sure depending on whether you'd like to be in the center or not I do have one moderately priced gastropub called the Cow Pizza Kitchen and Bar.
Location is not a problem. Please book me a table for 2 at 1645, Wednesday. I'll probably need the reference number, too.|I was able to successfully book your table! Your reference number is V3PUMO0W. Can I help you with anything else?
I would also like to visit a college in the centre.|How about Corpus Christi, on King's Parade?
That sounds great, may I have the address?|The address is on King's Parade in the centre.  Do you know where that is?  I can give you directions or call you a taxi.
I do know where that is located.  Thanks for your help, goodbye!|You are welcome.  Good bye.
I need a vegetarian restaurant|What area would you like?
East part of town.|I'm sorry, there are no vegetarian restaurants in the east part of town.
Is there an indian restaurant in the east part of town?|Yes, there are four Indian restaurants in the east part of town. What price range would you like?
I'm on the North side, please find me an expensive restaurant here|Would you prefer Chinese, French, or European cuisine?
I'm open.  What would you recommend?|I'd recommend The Hotspot. It's a Chinese restaurant. Would you like to book a table?
Yes please, book me for 4 people at 13:15 on friday.|The booking was successful. The reference number is : 37DDZB4H.
Can you find me a train from Leicester to Cambridge on Saturday>|What time would you like to arrive by?
I just need to leave sometime after 16:30.|The TR7824 bus leaves at 17:09. Would you like to book this one?
I do need the price and arrival time first.|It arrives at 18:54 and is 30.24 pounds.
Thank you, that is all I need, you helped me a lot.|Great, have a terrific trip!
Hello, can you recommend an expensive restaurant in Cambridge?|We have a lot of them. Any specific location?
I was hoping to find a place that serves Indian food.|I have 14 restaurants that serve expensive indian food. Is there area of town you would like?
I'm looking for a restaurant in the center of town.|I am unable to find any Indian restaraunts in the the center of town.  Can you narrow down your preferred area please?
An expensive Indian restaurant in the centre, I will require the address and phone number please.|I'm not getting any results for those specific, do you want to try something else?
I'm really looking for an Indian restaurant in the expensive price range in the town centre.  What can you recommend?|I would recommend The Curry Garden in the city center.
I need an address and phone number for the restaurant.|Their address is 106 Regent Street City Centre and phone is 01223302330.  Is there anything else you require?
I am also looking for a place to stay in the same area and same price range.|I have two hotel in the Centre, shall I book one?
Does one not have free internet?|Both Gonville Hotel and University Arms Hotel have free wifi and are expensive options in the centre of town.
Can you book me at the Gonville Hotel ? I also need a taxi booked.I need the taxi number and car type.|Can you please give me the day you are starting your stay, number of days, and the number of people staying?
My apologies, I actually do not need the hotel booked, but I do need a taxi to commute between the hotel and the restaurant, leaving the hotel at 23:45.|Okay you're all set for a car. There will be a white Volkswagen taking you from the Gonville to Curry Garden, leaving the hotel at 23:45. Their contact number is 07462048280.
Okay, thank you so much. Goodbye.|Goodbye! Have a great day!
I am looking for a restaurant in the west part of town serving corsica food.|There are no such restaurants. Would you like to make another query?
No Thank You|We have a couple of Italian restaurants in the west.  Would you like information on those?
Thank you good bye.|Thank you. Good bye.
I am looking for a place to eat that serves gastropub food in the centre.|We have 3 great gastropubs in the center. I recommend the Backstreet Bistro.
Is it expensive?|Yes it is. Would you like to book it?
No, thank you. I just need the address, please.|The address is 2 Sturton Street City Centre.
I also am looking for places to go in the same area as the restaurant. I would like to visit a college.|We have many fine colleges in the center, such as Christ's College, Corpus Christi, Jesus College, and Trinity College. Would you like more information about one of them, or perhaps others?
Trinity college please.|Trinity college is located on trinity street, and the phone number is 01223338400. The entrance fee is 1 pound. Do you need any additional information?
No that is all I need, thank you.|Okay. Please let us know if you need anything else during your trip to Cambridge.
A moderately priced restaurant in the east part of town, please|There are three, moderately priced restaurants in the east part of town. Do you have a cuisine preference?
I don't care.|I recommend Rajmahal. They serve great Indian food. Would you like their contact information?
yes. I would like their address and phone number please.|Rajmahal is located at 7 Barnwell Road Fen Ditton and the phone number is 01223 244955. Will that be all?
Yes. Thank you.|You're welcome. Thank you for using the sytem.
I am planning a trip in Cambridge|okay can you be a little more specific?
I'm looking for a train to arrive by 21:45 on wednesday.|OK, what station would you like to depart from and which station would you like to arrive at?
It would be from broxbourne to cambridge, I will need to book that for two people.|TR6477 will arrive in cambridge on wednesday by 21:32. I booked 2 tickets. The fee is 25.79 GBP payable at the station. Reference number is 3800N2KU. Wiil that be all?
I also need a place in the centre that serves indian food.|curry garden is expensive, kohinoor is cheap. Do these interest you?
Can you book a table for us at Curry Garden at 13:45?|Sure thing! How many people, what time, and what day?
book a table for the same group of people at 13:45 on the same day.|Reference number is : 6JOS1HJY. Is there anything else?
That will be all. Thank you.|You're welcome! Have a great day!
Thanks. Goodbye now!|Do you need anymore help?
I would like a moderately priced restaurant that serves mexican food|There are no restaurants moderately priced that serves mexican food.
How about international food?|Bloomsbury Restaurant is a moderately priced restaurant that serves international food in the centre part of town.
What is their address and postcode?|there address is Crowne Plaza Hotel 20 Downing Street and the post code is CB23DT is there anything else I can help you with?
Thank you goodbye.|Okay thank you
Thank you goodbye.|Good bye. Thank you for using the system.
I'm looking for a restaurant that serves moroccan food in the centre.|I'm sorry, there are no Moroccan restaurants located in the Centre. Can I help you find something else?
Is there an International restaurant in the city centre?|There are two international restaurants in the centre area, the varsity restaurant and bloomsbury restaurant, both moderately priced.  would you like me to book you for either one?
Could you check if either has booking for 7 people at 13:00 on thursday?|You are booked into the bloomsbury restaurant. Your reference number AZ9LL6MU. Do you need help with anything else?
No.  I think that will be all.  Thank you for your help.|You are welcome, I hope you enjoy your meal.
I am looking for indian food in the north part of town.|There are two restaurants serving Indian food in the North part of town. What price range do you want?
I don't care. However, I would like to know their price range as well as their address and phone number.|Royal Spice is a cheap Indian restaurant located at Victoria Avenue Chesterton. Their number is 01733 553355. Is there anything else I can do for you today?
Thank you. Good bye|You're welcome, goodbye.
I'm looking for a place to stay.|Can I ask you some questions to help find a hotel that meets your specifications?
Yes.  What questions do you have?|what is the price range you want to pay and which place?
I'd like a guesthouse in the Centre. I'm okay with not having the internet or free parking. The price doesn't matter to me.|I have 2 guesthouse located in the centre, do you have a star rating preference?
Dont care about star rating,can you recommend one and give me the address and postcode for it?|Sure. How about El Shaddai?  It's located at 41 Warkworth Street cb11eg.  The phone number is 01223327978.
That sounds great. I'm also looking for an expensive restaurant in the same area, are there any?|There are several expensive restaurants in the centre.  What type of food would you like?
You know, I'm feeling like chinese. What do you have?|I have 4 listings. Ugly Duckling, Tang Chinese, HK Fusion, and Sesame Restaurant and Bar. Do any of those sound appealing?
the sesame restaurant and bar sounds interesting. can i get their address and phone number? what kind of food do they serve?|sesame restaurant and bar serves chines food. Their address is 17 Hills Road City Centre	and their phone number is 01223358899
Thank you very much. That will be all, thanks.|Do you need me to book that reservation for you?
No that will be all! Thanks!|Enjoy your day, goodbye.
I need to find a place to eat in the centre of Cambridge.|There are dozens of places to eat in the north. What kind of food are you interested in?
I'd like something that serves modern European.|There are four choices available that range from cheap to expensive, what is your preference with price?
Great can you book one for 2 people at 16:00 on monday please?|Ok, I have a reservation for 2 at de luca cucina and bar on Monday at 16:00. The reference number is: HC9L602O.
I am also looking for a train for Monday departing birmingham new street.|It looks like there are trains running hourly from 5:40. Did you have a time of day in mind?
I'm looking to arrive in cambridge by 10:15.|The TR7853 gets you to Cambridge about 09:23. Would you like that one?
Possibly.  Can you give me the departure time, travel time and a price?|That one departs at 06:40, and arrives at cambridge on monday at 09:23. It's duration is 163 minutes. The price is 75.10 pounds.
Sounds good.  Is there a ticket available on that train?|Yes, I was able to book you for the train, the train number is TR7583, the reference number is LW0W57MP, the ticket is 75.09 payable at the station
Okay. Thank you for all your help.|You're welcome. Will you be needing anything else today?
I won't be needing anything else, thank you.|You're very welcome. I'm glad to have helped. Enjoy your trip.
I need a place to stay, ideally it should be 3 stars and moderately priced.|Sure, there are some nice guesthouses to choose from.  Would you like to stay in the north, south, or west of town?
Centre, please! Thanks!|Unfortunately there aren't any hotels available in the area that are moderately priced.  Would you like me to look in a different area?
Ok that's fine, let's try something in the west then please, I really need a room|There is Hobsons House located in the West that meets your needs. Would you like to book a room now?
Yes. That sounds good. Can you book it for 1 person and 2 nights starting from monday?|It is not open then, maybe a shorter stay?
Okay, try just 1 night instead.|I booked your room for 1 night.  Your reference number is IR6YZXFD.  Can I help with anything else today?
I am also looking for a restaurant, maybe with english food?|There is no restaurant serving english food. Anything else?
Could you try again, English food, moderate priced in the centre of town.|I'm sorry, but there are no restaurants serving English food in the city. Would you like to try another cuisine? Maybe British?
Yes, can you list some that serve Indian food?|There are 22 Indian restaurants do you have a price range and area you prefer?
I'd like it in the same price range and area as the hotel, please.|There is the Meghna restaurant that fits your criteria.
I'll take that for 12:30 on monday for 1 person.|Your reservation was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Reference number is : L5A3CSWF. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Nope! That should do it, thanks!|Thank you, let us know if you need any more help. Good bye.
I'm looking for a nice Italian restaurant. Nothing too expensive...like mid range?|I have listing for 5 different ones,can I get what area you are looking for?
I don't care about the area. Could you book a table for 5 at 12:30 on Sunday?|Okay, I have booked you at Pizza Express with reference number NK86VOJY. May I help with anything else?
Nope, I think that will do it. Thank you so much!|You are welcome. Have a good day.
I'm looking for a place to eat tonight.|There are some great choices.  What type of place are you looking for?
Greek sounds good, and price is no issue for me- I want the very best.|Do you want a certain area?
I would like the north please.|I don't have anything in the north. Can I try a different area?
No, I would like to dine in the north, but can you search for european food instead?|The city stop restaurant is in that area.
That sounds great would you be able to book that for me?|How many people will be dining and about what time would your prefer?
Please book a table for 7 people, for 19:45, this sunday.|All set, the reference number is 9HQQULFL, any further questions?
I am also looking for a particular hotel called carolina bed and breakfast.|Yes, carolina bed and breakfast is a guesthouse located in the east.  Their address is138 perne road.  Is there anything else you would like to know?
What is the postcode?|The postcode is CB13NX. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Thank you. I will also need a taxi to commute between the two locations.|Booking completed!
Booked car type	:	red tesla
Contact number	:	07567121444
Thanks for the help, goodbye!|You are more than welcome. Please do not hesitate to call us again if you need anything.
Hi, I'm looking for entertainment attractions that are available in the centre.|There are no entertainment attraction located in the centre. Would you like me to check different areas?
Yes, how about a museum in the centre?|The castle galleries is a free museum in that area.
What is their address?|unit su43, grande arcade, saint andrews street	anything else i can help you with?
I am also looking for a restaurant in the same area as the attraction.|great, i have 69 options for you in that area!
I want a cheap restaurant that serves polynesian food.|I am afraid I have none matching your request. Would you like to try another type of food or area?
Can you try spanish food instead?|How about italian?
There's nothing that serves spanish food in the cheap price range in the centre of town?|The la raza serves spanish food. Its cheap and in the centre. Would you like me to book you a table there?
Yes!  Please do.|Looking now La Raza has a few openings, how many people?  Do you have a date and time in mind?
I'd like it for Saturday at 17:45, just one person.|You are booked and your reservation number is Q7YR4YLN
Can you help me get a taxi?|Of course. I need the time of travel, departure location and the destination.
I need it to arrive at the restaurant by the booked time.|Your taxi is a blue skoda under the contact number 07244814493. Is there anything else?
That is all thanks.|You're welcome, glad I could help.
I'm looking for a british restaurant in the centre of town.|We have 7, in fact. Do you have a price range in mind? If not, the Copper Kettle is a moderately priced, popular choice.
That one sounds great!  Thanks for the info.|Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
Yes, can you book me a table at the Copper Kettle on Tuesday at 19:15 for 2 people?|Sure, the Booking was successful. Reference number is : BUPKJYTW. May I help with anything else?
Yes, I am also looking for places to go in town.  A attraction in the same area as the restaurant.|There are 44 attractions in the centre. Do you have a preference of the type of attraction?
Yes, are there any architecture attractions?|Of course, there are five great architecture attractions in the center. All but one are free admission as well. Any preferences?
Which one is closest to the Copper Kettle?|That would be the All Saints Church on Jesus Lane. They offer free admission. Would you like any other information for them?
Could I get the phone number, please?|sure, their phone number is 01223452587. is that all?
I would like a moderately priced restaurant in the north part of town|There are two moderately priced restaurants in the north. May I suggest The Nirala, which is Indian?
What is the phone number and food of one of them?|The Nirala serves Indian food, it is in the moderate price range, and it is on the north part of town. The phone number is 01223 360966.
Thank you, goodbye!|Thank you, goodbye!
I need to find a cheap restaurant on the North side|There are 2 inexpensive restaurant in that part of town.  An Indian restaurant called Royal Spice and an Italian place called Da Vinci Pizzeria.
Does either have availability for a table for 5 people on wednesday at 18:45?|Yes, there is an available reservation at Royal Spice during that time frame. Do you want a reference number for your reservation?
No thank you that will be all|Okay, thank you.
I would like a restaurant in the west part of town that serves international food|Sorry but there is not matching restaurants serving international food in the west .
Is there any restaurant in the east that serves international food?|Yes, the missing sock serves international food and is located in the east part of town.
can i have the phone number please|there phone number is 01223812660 is there anything else I can help you with?
That is all, thank you.|Goodbye.
I am looking for a place to eat in the north. Can you help me?|sure, there are nine to choose from
Do you have anything serving Turkish food?|There are no Turkish restaurants in the North area.
Okay, how about one that serves Chinese food?|Yes, the golden wok is in that area.  Would you like to book a seat there?
Yes, a reservation would be great. Let's say Friday for 6 people at 15:45.|Booking was successful. The reference number is : Q79BLCSB.
Thank you! I'm also looking for a train leaving Cambridge. I'll need to arrive by 08:15, please?|how about TR5767? it arrives at 05:51
Well, I need to go to bishops stortford. Will that train go there on Sunday?|You want TR8095 - it will arrive in Bishops Stortford at 08:07 on Sunday.
Yes I would like to book seats on the TR8095 train for 6 people.|I will work on getting that booked and be back with you shortly.
Thank you for your help.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 48.48 GBP payable at the station. Reference number is : 1NR94D63. Is there anything else I can help with?
nope that is all, thanks so much for all of your help!|You're welcome have a great day
I'm looking for a 2 star hotel.|Ok I found 33 hotels that fit your criteria of 2 stars they can range in price and options based on what you want.
I understand. I'd like a hotel that offers free parking and wifi, please.|Okay the Ashley Hotel is in the North. Can I book that for you?
Yes please book that for 7 people for 2 nights starting saturday.|Booking is successful. The address is 74 chesterton road. Postcode is cb41er. Reference number is: CEJP5INC. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, I'm also looking for the restaurant called Charlie Chan, can you help me with this?|It's a chinese restaurant located at Regent Street City Centre. Would you like me to book it?
entrance fee, address, and phone number|Will I can't tell you what the check for your food is going to be, but there address is regent st city centre phone is 01223361763.
Thanks. Can you book it for 7 people at 17:45 on Saturday please.|No I am sorry another day perhaps?
Are there similar times available on Saturday?|I was able to book your table at 17:45 on Saturday for 7 people. The reference number is GYXORI7Z.
Thank you. That will be all.|I certainly hope you enjoy your stay in Cambridge! Goodbye!
I want a restaurant in the north part of town and serves british food.|There are no British restaurants in the north part of town. Shall I search for something else?
Yes. I'd like the address, phone number, and price range of the best Indian restaurant there is.|Royal Spice is an Indian restaurant located in the north part of town and is in the cheap price range.  Would you like their address?
Of course!|Their address is Victoria Avenue Chesterton, postal code C.B 4, 1 E.H. What else can I do for you?
That's it. Thank you.|Thank yo and good bye.
can i find a place to eat in the centre which is expensive?|sure, i have 33 options for you
Are there any mediterranean restaurants?|Yes, La Mimosa, and Shiraz Restaurant. Would you like to dine at one of those places?
I think I'd like to visit Shiraz Restaurant. Would you be able to book a table for 2 at 12:00 Wednesday?|You are all set, your reference number is VEDX7TAR, can I assist with anything else?
Yes, I am looking for a nightclub in the same area as the restaurant.|There are five nightclubs in the same area.  Your choices are Ballare, Club Salsa, Kambar, Soul Tree Nightclub, and The Fez Club. Is there anything else I can help with?
I would love Club Salsa, thanks! Can I please have the address and is there an entrance fee?|Sure, the address is 1 station road post code cb12jb. And there is an entrance fee of 5 pounds. Would you like a reservation?
Yes please, make one for me.|My apologies, but Club Salsa does not accept reservations. Can I help with anything else?
That is everything I need.|Have a wonderful time.
I am looking for a restaurant in the south part of town that serves Portuguese food.|Nandos is a Portuguese restaurant in the south part of town.
What is the phone number and address?|Their phone number is 01223 327908 and address is Cambridge Leisure Park Clifton Way. Will that be all?
Bye.|Goodbye.
Hello, I am looking for a Malaysian restaurant on the north side of town.|I'm sorry. I don't show any results for Malaysian restaurants on the north side of town. Would you like me to search any other areas?
No, how about a French restaurant instead?|How about restaurant two two at 22 chesterton road Chesterton
Phone number, please.|Their phone number is 01223 351880.
Thanks, goodbye!|You're quite welcome.  Good bye.
I'm looking for a place to eat.  I would like it to be an expensive restaurant in the centre.|I found 33 expensive restaurants in the centre. What type of cuisine would you like?
I'm looking for a restaurant with mediterranean food.|I have found two restaurants. One is La mimosa, and the other is Shiraz restaurant, would you like me to book one for you?
Please book the  One is La mimosa|Can I please get the number of people dining,day,and time please.
Yes, it's for 8 people. 16:45 on Monday. I would like the reference number, if it is available.|That wasn't available.  Shall I try the Shiraz Restaurant?
Yes please try the Shiraz Restaurant.|You've got a table for Monday at Shiraz Restaurant.  Your reference number is NS7MCM5B.  Can I help with anything else today?
That will be all. Thank you very much.|You are welcome. Enjoy your stay in Cambridge.
Are there any cheap restaurants that serve corsica food around Cambridge?|No I am sorry there aren't any. Another food type perhaps?
Are there any restaurants in the center of town that serve Corsica food no matter the price range?|No, I'm sorry. There are none. Would you like to choose a different type of food?
How about a good chinese place?|charlie chan is a very good place to dine
That sounds good to me! Can you please book a table for one at 11:15 on Sunday?|Your table is booked, reference #PJOHE4EN. Can I help you with anything else today?
That's all I needed!  Thank you for your help.|thank you and enjoy your stay in cambridge
Can you find a theater to visit in town?|There are five theatres in Cambridge: ADC Theatre, Cambridge Arts Theatre, Mumford Theatre,  Cambridge Corn Exchange, and The Junction. What do you want to know about them?
I would like the address to the mumford theatre|it is at anglia ruskin enterprise, east road,cb11pt. can i give you their number?
No thanks. Just the phone number was enough. I am also sick of eating at the same chinese place all the time. Can you help me find another one to try?|We have many choices. What area would you like?
Yes, I'd like it to be in the centre. I'd love to eat expensive, Chinese food.|great, i've narrowed it down to four options for you
Pick the best one and book for a table of 4 at 18:00 on Monday.|Booked! The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Reference number: PBNBR9T7.
Great could you book me a taxi to get the restaurant by 18:00 from the hotel?|Which hotel are you staying in?
Sorry I just need to get to the restaurant from The Mumford Theatre.|Okay, you're all set. I've booked your taxi to the Sesame Restaurant. The car will be a black BMW and the contact number is 07576536594.
Thank you! That's all I need.|I'm happy we could help you today, and enjoy your time in Cambridge!
I need directions to a good swimming pool in the south of Cambridge, can you give them to me?|Abbey pool and astroturf pitch is located in east area. Pool way, white hill road off newmarket road.  Would you like any other information?
I really need it to be in the south. If there is no swimming pool in the south, how about an entertainment venue?|Unfortunately there are no swimming attractions in the south. Entertainment wise there are 2 options, Nusha and Tenpin. Would you like more info on one of them?
Yes please send me the info.|No problem. For Nusha, the phone number is 01223902158 with a post code of cb17dy. For Tenpin, the phone number is 08715501010 with a post code of cb17dy.
I also need some help finding a place to eat while there. Can you help me with that?|Yes I can. What type of cuisine are you interested in?
I would like a spanish restaurant, preferrably cheap.|I'm sorry there's nothing that matches that in the south. Do you want me to search in a different area?
Is there anything matching that anywhere in the city?|None,would you like to try a different area ?
Try a different area other than the south. Please make sure it is cheap Spanish food.|There is one! La Raza is a cheap Spanish restaurant in city centre. It's a lovely place - would you like to make a reservation?
Yes, please book 4 people on tuesday at 14:30 and send me the reference number|I am sorry, I am unable to book that for you right now. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Can you try a booking for 13:30?|I'm sorry, I am unable to book it for that time either. Is there another time, or day I could try for you?
Is there another restaurant in that area?|There are no matches for spanish restaurants in that area another perhaps?
Look in another area. I want a spanish restaurant|I found la raza. Shall book it for you ?
Yes I would love that one.|I booked your table. The reference number is MN2VXHKR
I will also need a taxi booked to get me to the restaurant from the hotel please.|Do you mean from the entertainment attraction to the restaurant at 13:30? Or do you need help with a hotel?
Yes I want to be picked up at the attraction and arrive at the restaurant by my reservation time.|I booked you with a white honda taxi service. Their phone number is 07540747460.
Thank you for your help. That is all I need today.|Happy to help, please let us know if we can be of service in the future.
I'm looking for hotels in the center.|The Alexdander Bed and Breakfast is a good recommendation. It has four stars and affordable pricing. The Gonville Hotal is also a good choice. Would you like the address to either?
I would like for the hotel to have a 4 star rating and include free wifi.|There are two, one in the expensive price range, one in the cheap price range. Which do you prefer?
I don't have a preference.|The University Arms hotel fits all of your criteria, would you like me to book a room?
Yes, please book a room for 3 people and 5 nights.|What day would you like to start your reservation?
Please start the reservation on Monday. What is the reference number? I also need a restaurant that serves australasian food at a moderate price in the same area as the hotel|I am sorry but there are no restaurants in that area which meet your criteria.  Would you like me to search for another type of cuisine?
Could you see if there is a restaurant that serves British food in the same area as the hotel?|Certainly, we have either restaurant one seven, the oak bistro, the copper kettle, cotto. Can I book a table at one, if so how many will be dining?
Three people please, on Monday at 18:30.|Booked you a table at the oak bistro. Your reference number is SSUTW528.
Thank you very much for your help.|You are welcome.
Hi, I'd like information for the restaurant called Travellers Rest please.|It is British Food that is expensive at Huntingdon Road City Centre.
What is the postcode of this restaurant?  Thanks!|The post code is cb30df. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes I would like information on jesus green outdoor pool also.|It is located in the north and the phone is 01223302579. The entrance fee is unknown. Can I help you with anything else?
That is all I need right now, thank you!|excellent, have a great day.
I am looking for a cheap restaurant that serves Polish food.|There are no cheap restaurants that serve Polish food.
how about a portuguese one?|So you would like recommendations for a cheap restaurant that serves Portuguese food?
Yes, please.|There are two restaurants that serve Portuguese food and in the cheap price range. Would you like the center or south area?
What are my choices for a moderately priced hotel in the west please?|The Hobsons House guesthouse is in the west and is moderately priced. They are a 3 star establishment offering free wifi and parking. Would you like to make a reservation?
A guest house sounds perfect. I am not sure about a reservation? Is it a good place?|Based off its 3 star rating I would say it is a good place to stay.  Would you like to book a room?
Yes.  Can you book it for two guests?  We will be staying three nights beginning Tuesday.|Booking was successful.
Reference number is : 4AXDYT23. Anything else?
Yes - are there any indian restaurants in town? Something moderately priced?|There are 4 such restaurants. I recommend curry prince.
Is it located in the west?|Curry Prince is in the east. If you need someplace in the west, I recommend Meghna.
Either is fine. I need a table for 2 the same day at 17:00.|I would go with Meghna in the west. But they are fully booked at that time. Would you like me to try another time?
Yes, please, perhaps 15:00|I'm sorry, that time was also unsuccessful. Would you like to try another?
Okay. let's try 16:00.|That worked!. your reservation number will be MPQPD3PQ.
Fantastic, thank you, that should be all.|Great! Have a wonderful time!
Hi! I am looking for a place to stay that has free wifi. The hotel doesn't have to have free parking but that would be nice.|There are many listings. Do you have an area or price range preference to further narrow down?
yes less than 100 a night|There are 29 hotels with those criteria. What location would you like it to be in?
I would like it to be in northern cambridge and have 2 stars.|There are two hotels that meet those criteria, the Ashley Hotel and the Lovell Lodge.
Try Ashley Hotel for 6 people, 3 nights, starting Monday.|Unfortunately booking was unsuccessful is there another time you'd like to go?
Can you try for 2 nights?|Yes, i was able to book the ashley hotel for two days. Your reference number is  6OMRC62I. Can I help with anything else?
I need a place to dine in the expensive price range serving north indian food|There aren't any restaurants serving expensive north indian food.
Are there any that serve british food?|I have 6 restaurants that serve expensive British food. Would you prefer one in the east, west or centre area?
Centre would be fine. Could you give me the address and postcode, please?|51 Trumpington Street City Centre	and cb21rg
Ok great, thank you!|Is there anything else you need help with?
I am traveling to Cambridge and looking for a local restaurant.|There are 6 restaurants listed, do you have a preference of area?
Actually, I'm all set. Thanks again. Goodbye!|You're welcome. Have a good day. Goodbye.
I want to find a place to eat called saigon city.|Certainly, they are in the north area, the address and postal code is 169 High Street Chesterton Chesterton, cb41nl.  Can I assist with anything else?
Yes, do you know how much it is?|Yes, it is in the expensive price range.
Can you book a table for 1 at 11:00 on tuesday?|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Reference number is : UWRMV7GH.  Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
Actually yes, I'm looking for a train out of Cambridge. Any train leaving after 09:30 will do.|i can help you with that! what is your destination?
Leaving cambridge any time after 09:30 and I am going to london liverpool st on friday|I have train TR5212 leaving at 17:59 and arriving at 19:27. Would you like reservations?
No thanks, I just need to know the price for it.|The price for TR5212 is 16.60 pounds per ticket. Is there any more information I could give you today?
Thank you, That's all I need today.|Have a lovely day, goodbye!
I want to have some afghan food.|Sorry, no matches found
Is there any Chinese restaurants in the area?|There are many Chinese restaurants. What price range are you looking for?
Moderate price range|Would you  like something in the north or centre of town?
I don't care|Jinling Noodle Bar is a nice place that fits your requirement
Please give me their number, too.|Jinling Noodle Bar's number is 01223 566188.  Would you like the address?
what type of food do they serve ?|Jinling Noodle Bar is a nice chinese restaurant .
No thank you, goodbye.|Okay, goodbye.
I am looking for Irish food that is cheap. I will need their phone number too.|There are no Irish restaurants in the cheap price range. Would you like something else?
How about Vietnamese food?|The only restaurant meeting your criteria is Thanh Binh in the west. Their phone number is 01223 362456.
Hi, I am looking to go somewhere that is in the Centre that is architecturally interesting.|the cambridge punter is a boat that looks fun in the centre of town.
How about an architecture attraction? Are there any of those in the centre of town?|Cambridge has several churches in the centre.  The architecture is amazing.  I would recommend Little Saint Mary's Church.
Can I get the address, phone number and postcode to Little St Mary? Also need swiss food nearby.|Of course, the address is little saint mary's lane. The post code is cb21qy and the phone number is 01223366202. What's your budget for the restaurant?
I don't have a price range in mind.|I am sorry I am not able to locate any swiss restaurants nearby. Is there another type of cuisine you would like to try?
How about modern european food, what is available?|Sorry there are no options anything else you would like to try.
What else is available?|Would you like another type of cuisine?
No thanks.  That will be all today.|Do you need a train, hotel or anything else while your in town?
no thats all, thanks|Thank you for contacting us have a nice day.
I am looking for a train going to Cambridge. Can you help me?|Sure. And on what day do you want to travel ?
I'll be leaving stansted airport anytime after 17:45 on thursday|The next flight after your desired time is at 18:24 on the TR5921 train. You would arrive by 18:52 at cambridge.
make reservation for 1 person and give me reference number|Your reference number is XZHNMJRS and it will cost 10.1 GBP.
Great. I also need a restaurant serving italian food.|We have quite a few good italian restaurants in Cambridge. Do you prefer a particular area or price range?
It should be in the south, whatever you recommend. I'll need a booking for 1 person at 20:15 on Thursday.|Would you like to try pizza express?
Yes, that will work. Please book a table for 1 person at 20/15 on Thursday.|Booked! The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Reference number: JO641TUZ.
Thank you very much.|enjoy your stay in Cambridge!
I am looking for an expensive restaurant in the east part of town.|I have found several. Would you like British, Indian, gastropub, or Chinese?
Is there anything else?|There are no other types of expensive restaurants in the east, would you like to try another area?
No, that's okay. What Chinese restaurants are there on the east side?|yu garden is on the east side, would you like the phone number?
Is there another chinese restaurant in the east?|Yu Garden is the only Chinese restaurant on the east side of town in the expensive price range.
What is the phone number for Yu Garden?|The phone number for Yu Garden is 01223 248882. May I help you with anything else?
No, I think that's it. Thank you for your help.|You are very welcome.  Goodbye.
A moderately priced restaurant in the south, please.|There are two restaurants in the south area, Pizza Hut cherry hinton and Restaurant Alimentum which serves modern European. Would you like more information?
I would like the address and phone number for one of those restaurants please.|Pizza hut cherry hinton is at G4 Cambridge Leisure Park Clifton Way Cherry Hinton and its number is 01223 323737.
What is the postcode?|The postcode for pizza hut cherry hinton is C.B.1 7 D.Y
Thank you, that'll be all!|Thank you and good bye.
Hello, I'd like some information on a restaurant in the centre.|There are many options. What's your price range and what type of food do you want?
I would like somewhere expensive that serves chinese food|How about HK Fusion, located at 21 Burleigh street?
Yes book it for Friday. 5 people at 13:00.|I have your reservation at HK Fusion for 5 people on Friday at 13:00, your reference number is XAMSDTRY.  Can I help with anything else?
I am also looking to book a train the same day!|I'd be happy to help with your request, to help narrow the results down where will you be departing/arriving and what time?
It should go to Cambridge and should arrive by 09:00|There is a train that leaves at 5:17.
Thats okay can you book that?|Could you please confirm where you are departing from first? There are many trains and i want to make sure i book you the right one.
I need to depart from London liverpool street on friday. Ineed to arrive in Cambridge by 9:00|TR8522 arrives at 07:07.
Okay, let's book it for five people.|The booking was successful. The total fee of 83 GBP is payable at the station. The reference number is L4G0ZWC2.
Ok, Thankk you. Bye now.|welcome and thanks for using our services
Yes, i need a train leaving on Saturday.|Where would you like to go to?
I want to leave London Kings Cross and head to Cambridge.|What time would you like to leave or arrive?
I would love to arrive by 15:00|The closest train I can find to your arrival time is the TR5729 which would arrive at Cambridge at 14:08. Is this okay?
That's great! Please book for 6 people. I'll need the reference number.|I have booked the train per your request and your reference 0I2EGI9Q.
I'm also looking for a restaurant. The restaurant should be in the center and should be in the expensive price range.|We have many options, any cuisine preference?
Do you have anything serving Italian food?|I have 4 italian restaurants. It might sound funny, but my recommendation if you'd like it is to try the Clowns Cafe. They have amazing food.
No thank you that will be all|Okay would you like their telephone, address or postcode?
I would actually like to book a table at the Clowns Cafe that you mentioned. I need a table for 6 on Saturday at 19:15.|Your table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Your reference number is 571QZ495.
Thank you for your help. That is all for now.|Can I help you with anything else?
No that is it. Thank you.|Thank you for using the service glad I was able to help. Have a nice day.
I'm looking to go to a park, can you suggest any?|There are 5 different parks in the city. What area of the city are you wanting to visit?
I would like one located in the centre of town if possible. May I please have the phone number?|I have the cambridge university botanic gardens. There phone number is 01223336265. Can I help you with anything else today?
I also want to eat at a cheap place in the center area.|I would suggest charlie chan
Do they serve Italian food?|No they serve Chinese food. Would you like me to search for Italian food?
Yes that would be great. I'd love for you to book me a table for 1 person at 18:45 on Saturday.|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.Reference number is : ZLQ7OVEV.
Thank you, that's all I need today.|Thank you; please consider us for your future travel needs.
I am looking for an affordable spanish restaurant.|There is one match. La Raza is located at 4 - 6 Rose Crescent, cb23ll. Phone number is 01223464550. Would you like to book a table now?
Is it in the center? If so I'd like to book a table.|Yes, it is in the centre.  When would you like to arrive?
16:15 on Monday for 7 people.|Your booking for La Raza on Monday at 16:15 for 7 people. The reference number is U4H95J7A.
Thanks so much for all of your help.|You're welcome! Is there anything else I can help you with?
Can you find me a train for Monday going to Cambridge?|I would love to help you but I need to know where you're leaving from and a departure or arrival time that suits you.
train arrive by 09:15 depart from london liverpool street|The TR3938 train sounds perfect. It arrives into town at 9:07. Would you like me to purchase some tickets for you?
not now. thanks for the information.|You are welcome! Is there anything else I may assist you with today?
No thank you that is all I needed.|I am pleased to help, enjoy your trip.
I am looking for a train departing after 11:15 from the Birmingham new street location.|There are many trains leaving after 11:15, the closet one leaving to that time will be at 11:40 and arrives at 14:23.
Okay, I need one going to Cambridge on Tuesday.|What is your preferred arrival time?
I don't have a preferred arrival time. Could you just book me one for 13:40?|Will that be 1 ticket on the 13:40 train from birmingham new street to cambridge, then?
No, actually I'll need tickets for two people please. Oh, and can you provide the reference number when you've got it please?|Your request has been completed.  The reference number is TTH2AA7N.
Thanks. I also need an expensive restaurant serving Mediterranean food.|I have 2 results for mediterranean restaurants. One is la mimosa	in town centre. Would you like me to make you a reservation?
Sure. 2 people at 20:30 on Tuesday. Please give me the reference number.|Alright, you're all booked! The reference number is LW1N1DLA. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Nope that should be it thank you|Thank you, if you need anything else please contact us.
looking for barbeque food.|There is not a barbeque restaurant listed.  May I have you find a different restaurant?
How about gastropub?|There are four gastropub restaurants. I recommend the cow pizza kitchen and bar which is in the center and moderately priced.
What is the address and phone number?|Their address is Corn Exchange Street and their phone number is 01223 308871.
Thank you, goodbye.|Goodbye.
I am looking for a restaurant named Hakka. Can you tell me how to get there?|Hakka is located on the north side of town on Milton Road Chesterton in post code CB41JY. Do you also want their phone number?
i would like to book a table for 7 at 11:15 on monday.|Your booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number QMH1W33E. Can I be of further help to you?
No, you have helped me greatly.  That is all I need today.  Bye.|Thank you for contacting Cambridge TownInfo centre. Have a good day!
I need a train that arrives in Cambridge by 16:30.|On what day are you traveling?
Friday, departing from Stevenage.|The latest train from Stevenage to Cambridge on Friday that will arrive by 16:30 leaves at 13:54 and arrives at 14:43. Would you like me to book it?
that is fine. how much is the ticket?|12.80 pounds per person, do you still want me to book you?
No but I need information on a restaurant called loch fyne.|What would you like to know?
Do they have any available tables for 3 at 20:15 that day?|We can certainly book that for you.  Would you like a reservation and a booking for the train?
Please book me a table for the restaurant and provide the reference number.|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Reference number is : ENJNFM36.  Can I be of any further help to you today?
No, that's all I needed today. Thanks for your help!|You're welcome! Have a great day!
How's it going? I'm looking for an expensive restaurant in the centre please|what is the type of food that you prefer?
North American food please.|The Gourmet Burger Kitchen is a perfect option for you. Would you like to book a table there?
Yes please, a table for two at 17:15 on Friday.|I was able to book a table that they will hold for you for 15 minutes. Reference number is : MN02CWCF. May I assist you with anything else?
Can you help me find a room in the north part of town?|There are thirteen room options in the north part of town. Do you have any preferences that can help narrow down the options?
I need free parking but other than that I'm not picky.|ok, i have eleven options for you.
Can you suggest one please?|city centre north b and b is a nice guesthouse, would you like me to book you?
No but if you can, please get me their phone number and I'll take it from there.|Their number is 01223312843.
Great, thank you!|city centre north b and b has been notified that you are calling  them shortly.
Thank you so much for all your help.|Thank you for using our service today!
Yes I needed information about a particular restaurant.|I can help with that. What is the name of the restaurant?
Pizza hut cherry hinton. Can you provide me with the area they are located in?|Yes, they are in the south area.
That is all I need, thank you and good bye.|Your welcome. Thank you for calling the Cambridge Township Centre. Have a great day!
I'm looking for a restaurant that serves indian food.|Hello, I have a bunch of options for you. Do you have a specific area or price range you are interested in?
I am looking for an Indian restaurant in the west.|What price range are you interested in?
The restaurant should be in the expensive price range|Maharajah tandoori restaurant on 41518 Castle Street City Centre is a good fit for you.
I am looking for a cheap restaurant serving chinese food.|What area of town are you looking at?
I don't care.|We have four restaurant in the cheap price serving chinese food, can I help you with anything else?
Yes please. I want the address and phone number of anyone of them.|charlie chan is located at regent street city centre and its phone number is 01223 361763. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Thank you, goodbye|You're welcome!  Goodbye!
How are you doing today? I need to find a hotel on the North side of town that offers internet at no extra charge|do you have a price range in mind?
no, but it should be a guesthouse|Arbury lodge guesthouse is in the moderate price range in the north part of town.
Is that my only option? I need a guesthouse in the north and internet is not important.|No, there are 10 guesthouses in the north. Do you need something specific?
No, please recommend one for me and give me the address.|I still recommend arbury lodge guest house. Its a four star hotel and have very good reviews and it has both free wifi and parking.
That sounds great. Can I get the address please?|Yes, it is located at 82 Arbury Road, postcode cb42je.
Thanks.  Are there any restaurants in that area that serve Corsica cuisine?|There are not any Corsica restaurants in that area. Is there a different type of cuisine you would like for me to check?
Yes please give me the name of a restaurant that serves Chinese food in the area.|Hakks, Golden Wok and The Hotspot are all chinese restaurants in the north
Could I make a reservation for 6 people on Tuesday at 13:15 at Golden Wok?|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Reference number is : 327PBMAC.
I also need to get a taxi.|No problem, where to where, and when to when?
I need to get from the guesthouse to the restaurant, and I want to be sure I get there by the reservation time.|Booking completed! Booked car type: yellow honda Contact number 07962119630
Thank you for your help!|You are welcome enjoy your day.
What types of colleges are there around the centre|I have 13 colleges to choose from. May I suggest christ's college?
That is perfect, can I get the postcode please?|Christ's college's postcode is cb23bu. Would you also like their phone number or address?
can you tell me where  restaurant alimentum is|Yes, it serves modern european cuisine and is located in the south area, would you like me to book you?
Yes please, I need a table for 3 people at 16:45 on Wednesday.|Your reservation is all set, ref# E60EWJ8S. Is there anything else we can help you with today?
I will also need a taxi, from the college to the restaurant.|I can definitely help you with that! I assume you would like to make it in time for that reservation, right?
Yes, I would.  Can you give me the contact number and car type when you book that, please?|All set! Your car is a blue ford and the contact number is 07068268863.
Thank you so much. Goodbye!|You're welcome. Enjoy!
I need a place to stay in the north that has free wifi.|Sure, what is your price point?
i don't have one. I just need a guesthouse in the north.|There are several options.  Did you have star rating in mind?
No i don't. I just want to book a guest house in the north with free wifi for 1 people for 3 nights starting Wednesday night.|Your reservation at the Worth House for this Wednesday for 4 days 3 nights for 1 person was successful. Your Reference number is : NASKA6OK.
I would like to get some pricey food too.|Ok i will find you one .Welcome it has been a pleasure to serve you
I need a hotel in the east which includes free wifi.|Yes I have a few in the east that have internet,would you like me to get the information on a few for you?
yes, I would also like for it to be a guesthouse style and in the area of east, thank you|I have a few different options available, did you preference a moderate or cheap priced hotel?
I don't have a preference on price. It also doesn't need to have free parking.|I found one option with your preferences, the A and B Guest House. It has a moderate price range and 4 stars.
That sounds lovely. I also am looking for an Italian restaurant in the moderate price range, can you help me?|Absolutely, you have five choices. Would you prefer a place in the south, centre, west, or east side of Cambridge?
I'd like a place in the east, please.|That would be pizza Hut Fen Ditton, what time would you like to go?
I'd like a reservation for 6 people at 14:45 on saturday.|I am very sorry I was unable to get a reservation at that time, would you like to try for another time slot?
Yes, let's try a little earlier at 13:45, and I will need a reference number please.|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Reference number is : Y0GBAGST.
Great, I also need a taxi to commute between two places.|I can help you book a taxi, can you tell me a little more detail about your taxi request?
Sure, I'll be going from the hotel to the restaurant, and of course I want to get there for that 13:45 reservation.|I have booked a red Volkswagen for you. The contact number is 07121756826.
Thank you for all of the helpful information!|Would you like anything else?
Can you get me the contact number for the car?|Yes.  The contact number is 07121756826.  Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, thank you, you've been very helpful.|Thank you for contacting Cambridge TownInfo centre and you have a nice day.
I'm looking for a cheap restaurant|What type of food are you interested in?
I am not looking for a specific food type but I would like it to be in Centre please.|dojo noodle bar is a cheap restaurant in the centre of town.  Would you like to make a reservation?
What type of food is that?|That is asian oriental. Is that okay?
Sounds good.  I am also looking for a place to stay in the East.  Can you help me find something?|Sure thing, what price range are you looking for?
im looking for the expensive price range|We have one expensive hotel in the east. Would you like me to book a room for you?
No, I'm sorry can you lookup a hotel in the east that's priced cheap and has free wifi?|How about autumn house?
Actually, can you find me a cheap place instead?|Autumn house is cheap but it is a guesthouse. Is that okay?
No, I need a hotel please.|I'm sorry, there doesn't appear to be any cheap hotels located in the east.
how about one that has free parking?|no I am sorry something else perhaps?
You mentioned earlier about the Autumn House being a guesthouse that is cheap in the east. I guess I can do a guesthouse. Let's book there please for Friday.|Of course! How many rooms will you require and for how many days?
There will be 4 of us and we will need 3 nights starting Friday please.|Booking was successful. The reference number is : RHFZM04W.
I will also need a taxi leaving the hotel by 23:00. I will need the car type and contact number.|Where are you going?
I am going to the restaurant|Alright, I have you in a yellow volvo and their contact number is 07925575178. How else can I help?
Thank you for the booking of my taxi.  That is all for now.|Enjoy your visit to the restaurant.
I am looking for a cheap priced restaurant in the west part of town.|La Margherita is an Italian restaurant located in the west part of town in the cheap price range.
May I have the address and phone number?|The address is 15 Magdalene Street City Centre, and the phone number is 01223 315232.
Thank you and goodbye!|Goodbye
Yeah, I'm going to be looking for some british food.|There are several restaurants close to your location, how about one called, restaurant one seven? The restaurant is located on De Vere Univeristy Arms Regent Street City Centre.
Are any of those options located in the centre of town?|Yes, Restaurant One Seven is located in the centre of town, as are 4 other restaurants with British food.
Is it expensive? I'd like to really paint the town red!|It is in a moderate price range.
Is there a restaurant in the Centre that serves British food and is in the expensive price range?|Yes, there are 3 - Fitzbillies Restaurant, The Cambridge Chop House, and Midsummer House Restaurant. My favorite is Midsummer House Restaurant - utterly decadent! May I reserve a table for you?
Yes. Reserve a table for 1 person at 16:30 on Tuesday.|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : LIF9IWL5. Anything else.
Yes, i'm looking for places to go in the same town as the restaurant, any ideas and may I know the entrance fee, if there is one please?|There are 44 attractions in your area. Can you let me know what type of attraction you are interested in.
Any type is fine, so please list all 44 attractions.|all saints church is a great place. Would you like to know more ?
Just whether or not they have an entrance fee.|No it's free to enter, anything else?
Just a taxi to get me from the church to the restaurant by the reservation time.|Great. I was able to book your ride for you. Your driver will be in a yellow Volvo and you can reach them at 07341534913.
Cool, thank you! I won't be needing anything else. Have a good day!|Great, I hope you have a lovely time in town!
I'm looking for a cheap portuguese restaurant|Nandos in the South and Nandos City Centre in Centre meet that criteria.  Would you like more information on either of these?
Yes, could I get the location and the phone number please.|Do you want the information on Nandos in the south or the Nandos City Centre?
I prefer the Nandos in the City Center. Also, I need information about museums or art galleries in the west.|Nandos' number is 01223327908. There are several museums in the west. I've heard that Cafe Jello Gallery has some lovely pieces. Or would you like to hear about the others?
Yes, I am looking to kill some time in town. Are there any museums on the west side?|Yes, Cafe Jello Gallery fits that bill. Admission is free and it is located at Cafe Jello Gallery, 13 Magdalene Street.  There are others in the area as well.
Thank you. What is the post code for Cafe Jello Gallery?|Their postcode is cb30af.
Great I also need to get a taxi between the two places.|Okay.  Which site will you need to be picked up from, and what is your timeframe?
I would like to leave the restaurant by 04:00.|I have booked the taxi for you picking you up at 04:00 at nandos going to the cafe jello gallery. Look out for a grey toyota.
Can I get a contact number at least?|The contact number is 07107662669.
Thank you, that should be all for today.|Thank you for using the service, have a good day.
I'm planning a trip to cambridge and need a place to dine. Can you find something that serves jamaican food in the centre?|There are no Jamaican restaurants in the centre. Would you like to try another area or another food type?
Are you sure? It should be expensive.|I'm sorry, there doesn't seem to be a Jamaican restaurant in Centre. Would you like me to look for something else?
I really want jamaican food.  Can you check another area?  If you find one it should be expensive.  If not I'll try Thai in the centre.|that should be bangkok city. its address is 24 Green Street City Centre,cb23jx. you need the phone number?
No thanks. Just go ahead and book a table for 3 people at 14:30 on thursday.|I have made reservations at Bangkok City for you.  Your reference # is G8TQWL1A. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
I'm sorry to be a bother.  Instead of that reservation, I would be ok with British food.  Is there a British place in the centre?|I cancelled the previous booking for Bangkok city. I found 3 British restaurants in the centre. fitzbillies restaurant, the cambridge chop house, and midsummer house restaurant. Any preference?
Okay, can I please have a reservation for Midsummer House Restaurant? Thank you so much for your patience with me!|Ok, I was able to change the booking. Your new reference number is: FLG9ZMC2. Can I help with anything else?
i am also looking for a place to stay in the centre that offers free wifi.|Do you prefer a hotel or a guesthouse?
I would like a guesthouse in the expensive price range, please.|I'm sorry I didn't pull up any matches.
Are there any other options in the type of hotel, please?|I have two expensive hotels in the center offering wi-fi. Gonville is a 3-star hotel, and University Arms is listed as a four-star property. Both offer free parking as well.
Please book University Arms for 3 people 4 nights on thursday. Send the reference number too ok?|You got it. Your reference number is YUT2VZIR.
Great. Thank you so much.|Thank you for calling.
I am looking for a restaurant in the south part of town that is in the cheap price range.|I have two restaurants that meet your requirements.  Do you have a cuisine preference?
I would like Italian food.|I'm sorry, there are no restaurants matching your request.  Would you like to try something else?
I don't care.|Nandos is cheap restaurant in the south part of town serving Portuguese food. Would you like their phone number?
Yes, also I will need their address.|Their address is Cambridge Leisure Park Clifton Way.  Would you also like the phone number?
Yes, please give me their number.|The phone number for Nandos is 01223 327908. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, thanks.  I'll head to Nandos now.  Goodbye.|Have a nice day!
Please find a park in the north.|Sure, there is Milton Country Park in the north.  What would you like to know about it?
Could I get the postcode, address and entrance fee for that location, please?|The address is milton country park, milton, the postcode is cb46az and it is totally free to enter.  Can I assist you further today?
Thanks.  I also need an expensive restaurant.  Do you know of any Asian Oriental places?|We have two such places in the center and North of town. Do you have a preference?
I'd like the one in the north, please?|okay, would you like me to book that for you
no, just their phone number and address please|Kymmoy's phone number is 01223311911 and the address is 52 Mill Road City Centre.
Now I would like to book a taxi to commute between those two locations.|Sure, I can help you with that. When would you like to leave the park?
I'd like to leave at 21:30. I'll need the contact number and car type, please?|Your Booking is complete the car type is a blue volkswagen and Contact number is 07433449642.
May i assist you with something else?
I'm looking for a cheap place to stay that offers free parking for guests.|sure i have 10 options for you
I would really love a 3 star guesthouse.|Sadly, I don't have anything that fits those requirements. Is there something else I can check for you?
What about something that is moderately priced?|I have 3 that are moderately priced. Would you like one on the south, north, or west end of the city?
Let's go with the north. Can you book me a room there for Thursday please?|I'd be happy to book you a room. How many people will be staying, and for how many nights?
3 people for 5 nights starting from this thursday or friday.|I was able to book you starting on Thursday, reference #Z1ENBDTH. Can I help you with anything else today?
I am also looking for a restaurant in the center in the same price range.|There are 31 moderately priced restaurants, any preferences for cuisine or area?
Yes, I would prefer Russian food.|I'm afraid I'm not showing any Russian restaurants in the area. Would you like to try a different cuisine?
Hmmm...how about a gastropub instead?|the cow pizza kitchen and bar is on Corn Exchange Street, would you like to book a table?
Sure, I need to make a reservation for Thursday.|Okay and for what time would you like your reservation to be?
It will be at 18:15. I'd like it booked for the same group of people.|Your table is booked, ref #QH14SHYY. Can I help you with anything else today?
I think that is all I need to know about the restaurant.|Ok great, have a wonderful day!
I'm looking for a hotel in the north part of town with free wifi.|There are no hotels in that area with free wifi, can I look up a different area or guesthouse?
Yes, I'd like a place in the north with a 4 star rating including free wifi please.|I'm sorry that area doesn't have anything matching those criteria. May I try another area?
Is there a guesthouse?|Yes, the Avalon is exactly what you're looking for. It offers internet (but no parking). Would you like me to book a room for you?
And the Avalon is in what part of town?|Avalon is in the north. Can I book you a room?
No thanks can I just have the address and postcode? I also need help finding a restaurant.|The address is 62 gilbert road and the post code is cb43pd.
Okay, thank you.|Can I help you with any thing else?
Yes I need a romanian place to eat in the same area, please make sure it's expensive.|There are no romanian places at any price range there, but we have 5 expensive restaurants, shalI run another search?
What about Indian food?|I'm sorry. I don't have any expensive Indian restaurants either. Would you be willing to try another price range or area?
No thank you that will be all|Your welcome. It has been a pleasure assisting you today. Have a wonderful day.
I'm looking for a restaurant in the centre of town that's in a moderate price range. Do you have any recommendations?|For which day would you like the reservation?
This sunday at 15:45.|For how many people would the reservation need?
I need it for 4 people and I would like a confirmation number. Also, can you help me find a guesthouse hotel in the area with free parking?|Alright your reservation is at Yippee Noodle Bar, 40428 King Street City. Confirmation number is 2BGIWWZ6. I'm also showing an opening at Alexander Bed and Breakfast. Is that okay?
Does the hotel include free parking and does it happen to have a 0 star rating?|It has free parking with a 4 star rating
I'm looking for a hotel with 0 stars|There are 2 guesthouses meeting your needs. One in the north and one in the centre of town. Which would you prefer?
I'd prefer the one in the centre of town .|That would be the El Shaddai, would you like to book there?
That works okay. Can I get the price range and address?|The price range is cheap, and the address is 41 warkworth street.
Yes, please book that room for me.|Will this just be for you?
Can you let me know if El Shaddai has free wifi?|Yes it does.
Great. That's actually all I need today. Thank you for your help!|You are welcome. Have a lovely day.
Hi there. Can you assist me in finding a park in Cambridge?|Yes. I have five parks. Is there a particular area you are looking in?
Are there any in the east part of town?|Cherry hinton water play is in the east area. Would you like the address?
I don't need the address, but could I get a phone number?|Yes their telephone number is 01223446100. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Yes could you make me a reservation there for 8 people at 13:45 on Sunday? I will need a reference number as well.|I'm sorry, there must be some confusion.  I am unable to make a reservation at a park.  Were you looking for something else?
Sorry, I'd like to make a reservation for 8 people at the Pizza Hut Cherry Hinton for 13:45 on Sunday.  I need a reference number, too.|I have confirmed your reservation for Sunday at 13:45. Your reference number is ECMLT2OE.  Do you need help with anything else?
That should be everything, thank you for your help today!|You are welcome. Thank you for contacting Cambridge Towninfo Centre.
Please find a place to eat that serves Korean in the west.|There are no korean restaurants in the west. Can I try another search for you?
really? it should be in the expensive price range.|Yes really, the machine never lies.  We have 9 expensive places to pick from, no korean but indian and thai are available, any preference?
I would definitely like some Indian food right about now.|There are 5 expensive restaurants in the west part of town serving indian food.
Can you recommend one and provide me with their address?|Of course! I'd recommend the Rice Boat restaurant. The phone number is 01223302800. Can I help you with anything else?
I also need a place to go near the restaurant.|There are 13 entries for attractions in the west. What kind are you interested in?
Are there any museums in the area?|Yes, there are 7 different museums in the west. If I may, might I suggest Kettle's Yard. They offer free admission as well.
I like free!  Do you have the address so I can find it on the map?|It's located on castle street. cb30aq is the postcode.
Thanks. May I also go backwards and get the postcode and address for the Rice Boat restaurant, before arranging for a taxi?|Not a problem. The postcode is cb39ey.
I would also like a taxi that leaves the attraction by 9:00.|Your car type is a yellow bmw and its contact number is 07512121849. Is there anything else?
There is nothing else. That is all for today.|Thank you for calling. Please reach out if you have anything else we can assist with. Have a great day. Goodbye.
Can you help me look up a particular hotel that I have in mind?|I am happy to help, what was the name of the place?
Its the huntingdon marriot. I'd like to book it for 8 people on 2 nights starting on wednesday, and I'll need a reference number.|Your booking was successful reference number is 1QVLVD25
Great, thanks for that. I'm also looking for information about a restaurant called mahal of cambridge.|Okay, the Mahal of Cambridge serves indian food and is located in the centre. Would you like me to make a reservation for you?
Yes please book a table on Wednesday for 8 people at 17:15, I'll need a reference number.|I was able to book it, reference number is T2SNWPJA
Thank you. That's all I need.|It was my pleasure to help. Have a wonderful night. Take care. Bye.
do you have information about attractions in the west?|I have 13 entries for attractions in the west. Do you have a type of attraction you're interested in?
I don't care as long as it is in the west.|I recommend queens' college that is located in the West. Their address is silver street.
What attraction type is that? I am also interested in finding a restaurant in the west as well.|It is a college, the admission fee is 2.50 pounds.  What type of cuisine would you like to dine on in the west?
i would love indian food, preferable in the expensive price range.|I have many in that price range. Would you like me to choose for you?
yes reserve a table for 1 at 19:30 on sunday please|I booked you at the Tandoori Palace and your reference is LP0O0N8L.
That's everything I need. Thank you for helping me.|Thank you for using our service today.
I am looking for a restaurant please.|Okay! What kind of restaurant would you like to dine at?
One that serves modern American food.|I'm sorry there are no matches. Would you like me to try a different food type?
I guess I can do Spanish food, try to find something in the Centre area, please.|There are two options for Spanish food in the centre. One is moderately priced while the other is considered cheap. Which would you prefer?
I'd like the moderately priced one please.|It's called la tasca. I'll need more information if you'd like to book a table.
Can I get a table for 3 at 11:30 on Thursday?|it is booked here is your ref number  3OUG57S3.
I also looking for a train to Cambridge, arriving by 8:45.|Sure, and what day would you like to travel?
The train should be on the same day as the restaurant booking and should depart from leicester.|The TR7583 leaves at 6:09. Do you want to book it?
Does that arrive before 8:45?|yes it arrives at 07:54. is that fine with you?
Yes, that will work out just fine. thank you|How many tickets do you need?
I don't need to book it, actually. But how long is the ride?|It's a 105 minute ride.
What is the departure time?|It departs at 06:09. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Nope. That's everything I need today.|I am glad to help you from Cambridge TownInfo centre. Have a delightful visit. Goodbye.
There aren't any Polish restaurants in the centre, are there?|Sorry there is not. How about another choice of food ?
how about chinese?|We have many Chinese restaurants! What's your price range?
I'm not fussy about price, pick one for me and give me the address please, I'm starving!|Rice house is located at 88 Mill Road City Centre. Would you like for me to book a reservation?
Just the address is all I needed for now. But could you also help me find a train?|Definitely! Can you give me some more specifics so I can help?
I am going to London kings cross.|And what is your arrival destination and time of travel?
Leaving Cambridge to  London kings cross and arrive by 19:45.|Ok, on what day will that be?
I need to leave on Tuesday.|TR0315 arrives at 13:51. is that fine with you?
what is its departure time?|It leaves Cambridge at 13:00.
Time I leave does not matter I just need it to arrive by 19:45.|I have a train departing Cambridge at 17:00 and arriving at London Kings Cross at 17:51. I don't have a later arrival time on Tuesday, unfortunately.
Alright. Could you please provide me with the train ID and the travel time?|That is TR0945. The train departs cambridge at 17:00 and arrives in London Kings Cross at 17:51. The travel time is 51 minutes. Can I book it for you?
No. thanks. I don't need to book it right now.|Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No, thank you. I have everything I need. Goodbye.|Great! Thank you for calling and have a great trip! Goodbye.
I am looking for an international restaurant in the east part of town.|I have found one called The Missing Sock. Would you like the information for it?
Yes, please. What is its phone number and price range?|The phone number is 01223 812660 and it is a cheap restaurant.
Thank you good bye.|thank you. goodbye.
I am trying to find a restaurant in the south of the city that serves modern American food.|I didn't find any modern American restaurants in the south end.  Are you open to other areas?
What about a restaurant there that serves mexican food?|There is one Mexican restaurant in the south. The Chiquito Restaurant Bar. Would you like me to book it for you?
Could you tell me more about it?  What is its price range?  Where is it located in the south?|It is in the expensive price range and is located at 2G Cambridge Leisure Park Cherry Hinton Road Cherry Hinton cb17dy
Sounds delicious, could you book a table for 1 at 17:30 on Tuesday?|I'm sorry that date and time slot is already full. Would you like to try a different date/time?
what about 4:30 on tuesday?|I was able to book a table for 1 at 16:30. Your reference number is P62404I5.
Great! Can you also tell me the address and price range for the Express by Holiday Inn Cambridge?|It is expensive and the address is 15-17 norman way, coldhams business park
Thank you, that is all I need today.|You are welcome. Goodbye.
I'm looking for a chinese restaurant in city centre.|How does Charlie Chan's sound?
Is that in the expensive price range?|No, Charlin Chan is a cheap place. The Ugly Duckling is an expensive Chinese restaurant though, is that what you would like?
Could I have their phone number and address?|I'm sorry, the Ugly Duckling does not have any phone number listed but is located at 12 St. Johns Street City Centre.
Do you have any other options for expensive Chinese, and can you make sure that have a number and address listed as well.|Sure, the Tang Chinese is also an expensive Chinese restaurant in the centre of town. Their phone number is 01223357187. Is there anything else that I can help you with?
I'd like their address please.|They are located at Napier Street City Centre
Okay, thanks. That's all I need.|Thank you. Have a nice day, goodbye.
I wanted to find out about local restaurants in Cambridge.|kindly be more specific
it is called parkside pools. find me their post code.|I cannot locate the restaurant you are speaking of.
I am sorry, i'm looking for a attraction called parkside pools not a restaurant. Do you have their postcode?|their post code is cb11ly
I also need an expensive place to dine in the mid of town.|There are 33 restaurants with your requirements. What type of food do you feel like eating?
I would like Italian food, if possible.|I'd recommend clowns cafe. Would you like reservations?
that will be ok once you find the restaurant book a table for 6 people|I would be more than elated to book a table for you, but what day and time would you like it for?
I need the table for Tuesday at 14:45, but if for some reason Tuesday doesn't work Sunday is also acceptable.  I will need the reference number as well.|01223355711 is your reference number. May i help you with anything else?
No, that was everything. Thank you!|Thank you for contacting us. Have a great day!
What fancy restaurants are there on the east side of town?|Not sure about fancy, but if you are looking for expensive we have grafton hotel restaurant, yu garden, royal standard, pipasha restaurant, and sitar tandoori.
Do any of them serve Chinese food? That's what I'm in the mood for.|Yes! Yu Garden is a wonderful Chinese restaurant that will meet your needs. Would you like a table there, or perhaps just the address?
Yes, the address, postcode and phone number would help.|Yu Garden is located at 529 Newmarket Road Fen Ditton. The post code is cb58pa and the phone number is 01223248882.
Thank you very much for your help!|You're welcome, is there anything else I can do for you?
No, that's all I need. Thanks.|You are welcome! Have a great day! Goodbye!
I am looking for a chinese restaurant. I want a place that is expensive and classy.|I have 9 expensive chinese restaurants. Is there a certain area of town you would like?
Nope. Pick the place with the most stars, and give me the address and postcode.|Yu Garden is an expensive Chinese restaurant located on the east side of town. Would you like the address for this one?
Yes I would like the address and the postcode please.|The address for yu garden is 529 Newmarket Road Fen Ditton, postcode cb58pa. Would you like me to book this restaurant for you?
Not right now. Could you please pick an attraction in the centre of town and give me the name and type of attraction?|Sure! Hughes Hall is an excellent free college attraction. Would you like more information?
Great, can I get a taxi from Hughes Hall at 15:30 going to yu garden  please.|yes I will order that for you.
I want to find a restaurant serving gastropub food in the centre of town.|I have 3 results for gastropubs in the centre of town. Would you prefer expensive or moderately priced?
Moderately priced, please.|Okay, I have the cow pizza kitchen and bar listed, would you like to try that one?
That sounds great! Could you book me a table for 8 people at 14:45 on Tuesday, please?|Unfortunately, that day and time are unavailable. Would you like to try a different day or time, or perhaps a different restaurant?
How about at 13:45 for 8 people on Tuesday?|I was able to book for 13:45. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Your reference number is HKMRSI6F. Is there anything else I can help with?
I'm also looking for a train to Birmingham New Street leaving after 13:15.|I have 70 trains going to birmingham new street. Could you be more specific on where you're departing from and what day you'd like to leave?
Oh yes, of course, I'm leaving from Cambridge on Wednesday.|I have 10 trains leaving hourly on the :01 from 14:01 to 23:01, with a duration of 163 minutes. Would you like to book one?
Yes, book the 14:01 for the same group of people. I'll need a reference number, please.|Booking was successful for TR8860, the total fee is 600.79 GBP payable at the station. Reference number is : H9Y9X5HY.
Thank you very much for you help. Have a great day.|Thank you! Let me know if I can help with anything else.
I want to find a restaurant in the east part of town. It serves chinese food. What is the address, phone number, and postcode?|Yu Garden is a Chinese restaurant in the east part of town. Their address is 529 Newmarket Road Fen Ditton, phone number 01223 248882 and postcode C.B 5, 8 P.A.
Thank you goodbye.|You're welcome, goodbye.
I'm looking for a very nice place to dine. Something expensive.|We have many excellent and expensive restaurants. Is there a type of cuisine you'd prefer?
Not exactly. However I would like to have the phone number, address, and postal codes for the top 5 restaurants in the north.|We have Saigon City, offering Asian Oriental cuisine. Phone: 01223356555 address: 169 High Street Chesterton, and postcode: cb41nl.
Great I also am looking for an attraction called club salsa.|I found the place you are looking for! Club Salsa is located at 1 station road. Would you like help with anything else?
Yes I also will need the entrance fee for Club Salsa, and what type of attraction is that?|Club Salsa is a nightclub, entrance fee is 5 pounds. Anything else I can assist you with?
Great, thank you!  I also need a taxi that can take me from the restaurant to the nightclub. I want to leave by 11:30.|Taxi has been booked, a white audi will be picking you up at the restaurant, contact number is 0735045835.  Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, that's all I need, you've been a great help!|Thank you for calling Cambridge TownInfo Centre.  Please call us back if you have any other questions!
Can you help me find a cheap restaurant in the south that serves Chinese?|Yes, there's a restaurant called The Lucky Star and is on Cambridge Leisure Park Clifton Way Cherry Hinton. Their phone number is 01223244277.
Thanks so much for your help do you know if I need to make a reservation?|I can make a reservation for you. Do you know what day?
Can you reserve a table for just 1 person on Saturday at 13:45?|Yes I can, your reference number for that booking is IIRB479M. Is there anything else I can do?
i'm also looking for some places to go in town.|Byard Art is a great place. They are located at 14 King's Parade and their number is 01223464646. Their is no entrance fee.
Is this a theatre or museum?|Byard Art is a museum. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Actually, can we see if there are any theaters to visit in the area?|yes, there's a theater called The Junction on Clifton Way.
Great! Can I have the postcode please?|The postcode is cb17gx. Do you need help with anything else?
That is all I needed thank you for your help.|Glad to have been of help. We're here if you need anything else. Thanks for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Have a great day.
Hello, I am traveling to cambridge and would like to find a place to eat. I want it in the centre of town, in the cheap range.|We have 15 inexpensive places to dine in the center of town. Is there any particular cuisine you'd like?
That's great! Can you see if one of them serves portuguese food, please?|The nandos city centre serves portuguese. Would you like me to book a table for you?
Yes, please. Book it for 8 people on saturday 14:30.|cBooking was unsuccessful. Can we try another day or time slot?
Sure how about a booking at 13:30?|You are all set for 13:30, the reference number is 0AH6HXGL and the table will be reserved for 15 minutes, anything else that I can assist with?
Yes, I am also looking for places to go in town in the same area as the restaurant.|How about castle galleries? It's a museum in the centre of town.
Yes, may I have the address and the phone number?|The address is unit su43,grande arcade, saint andrews street
I will also need to book a taxi for commuting between the restaurant and museum.|Okay, what time would you like to depart or arrive?
I would like the taxi arrives at the restaurant by 13:30. Also could you provide me with the phone number for Castle Galleries?|Yes, it is 01223307402. Anything else today?
I need the contact number and car type for the taxi please.|Sure. The car is a red volkswagen and the contact number is 07422508366
Excellent. Thank you for your help.|No problem.  Is there anything else you need?
I think I'm good, thanks!|You're welcome! Have a good day!
No, that should be all.  Goodbye!|Thank you for using Cambridge TownInfo centre! Goodbye!
I am looking for a british restaurant please.|I have many different options I can recommend to you, but could you tell me what area or price range you prefer?
I would like it to be in the West and be expensive.|Graffiti is in the west part of town and the expensive price range.
That sounds good. What is the postal code there?|The postalcode for Graffiti is cb30lx and it is located at Hotel Felix Whitehouse Lane Huntingdon Road. Would you like me to book that for you?
No, I can book it later, thanks.  Can you help me find a train that leaves Cambridge on Wednesday?|Certainly.  What is your desired destination?
My destination is stansted airport.|Sure, trains leave hourly staring at 05:40 and cost 10.10 pounds per ticket.  Can I book a seat for you?
I need to leave after 15:45.|Ok, I have train TR2912 departing at 16:40.  Would you like me to book this for you?
No need to book it. But, can I get the travel time and what time it will get me to the airport?|The travel time is 28 minutes and you will arrive at the airport by 17:08.  Is there anything else I can help with?
That is all, thank you very much.|You're welcome!  Enjoy your tacos! Goodbye
I'm looking for an expensive restaurant that serves malaysian food.|There are no expensive Malaysian restaurants. Would you like to try a different type of food?
No, I was really hoping for Malaysian.|I am very sorry, there are no malaysian restaurant results at all.  Would you like help finding a hotel or attraction?
Maybe later. What about a restaurant that serves indian food with the same specifications?|There are many different Indian options. I can narrow it down for you if you tell me what area you would prefer.
West side would be great.|The 5 indian restaurants are: tandoori palace, cocum, rice boat, maharajah tandoori restaurant and india house. Would you like to book a table at one of these places?
Go ahead and book rice boat. Please also give me the postcode and phone number as well.|Great, I'll book a table at rice boat, how many people will be dining and do you have a date and time preference?
I just need the phone number and postcode.|No problem. The postcode is cb39ey and the phone number is 01223302800.
I'll also need a place to stay. A hotel, please, in the same area as the restaurant.|I have two four star hotels that meet your criteria, huntingdon marriott hotel and the cambridge belfry. Woul you like me to book a room at the huntingdon marriott hotel?
Yes, can I get the address? Oh, and do they have internet?|the address is kingfisher way, hinchinbrook business park, huntingdo and they do have internet.
Excellent. I'd better also book a taxi.|What is the departure site for the taxi and what is your destination?
I'll just need a taxi from the restaurant at 9:00 to the hotel .  Can you provide their contact number and the car type?|Yes! They'll pick you up in a black skoda. Their contact number is 07619432519. How else may I assist you?
That was everything. Thank you very much!|You're welcome. I hope you enjoy your visit.
Can you find me a good moderately priced hotel in cambridge?  No guesthouses please.|the cityroomz is located downtown. would you like more info?
Thank you! I am looking for a place in the West part of town, though. Are there any available?|No, I'm sorry. Not in the moderate price range. I do have a cheap 4 star though. Would you like to check it out?
How about any guesthouses that are moderately priced in the west with free parking?|What about the hobsons house with internet and parking?
that sounds good. there will be 7 persons for 3 nights starting on sunday|I was able to book that for you successfully. our reference number is CW5RJ5HB. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Yes please, I need to find a restaurant in the same area as my hotel. I don't care about the type of food.|There are 14 options to choose from, is there a particular cuisine you are wanting to try?
I don't care what cuisine, but i'd like one in the moderate price range.|Okay, I see three options here, which are british, indian, or italian food types. I recommend prezzo. Would you like a reservation?
Yes. Please book that restaurant for 7 people on sunday at 11:00|Okay I have that booked for you. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Can I get the reference number please?|Reference number: D7277SMZ.
I need a taxi to get me to the restaurant please.|And what time would you like the taxi?
I want to arrive at the restaurant in time for my reservation at 11:00.|A yellow volvo is booked. contact number: 07514653314
Thanks for all your help!|My pleasure.  Is that all
Yes that should be everything that I need thank you very much for your help.|You are quite welcome! Goodbye!
I'd like to find an expensive restaurant in the center of town.|There are many options for expensive dieting in Centre.
Can you find me one that serves European cuisine?|Yes, Eraina serves European food and is located at Free School Lane City Centre.  Will this work?
Yes. Please book for 6 people on Monday at 11:30.|Will you be needing a reference number?
Yes please. I will also need a train.|Where is the departure and arrival? What time and day would you like? How many passengers?
The train should leave on tuesday and should arrive by 21:15.|where are you leaving from and where is your destination?
I am departing Cambridge and going to Kings Lynn.|I can help you with that, however how many tickets do you need please?
Just myself is traveling.|The TR9926 will arrived at 20:58.  Shall I go ahead and book a ticket for you? Or do you want an earlier time?
Can you give me the price on tickets for that?|A ticket will cost you 9.80 pounds
Cool, I need the length of time for the travel as well.|47 minutes is the travel time
That is all I need today thank you.|Alrighty then thank you and have a nice day!
Can you help me find some european food in Cambridge?|There are 11 European style restaurants. What price ranges are you looking for?
Expensive price range. Please book it for 4 people at 18:15 on Monday|Will you be needing a reference number?
Yes I will definitely need that.|Your table will be reserved for 15 minutes.  Your reference number is GDZZ5T1Y.  Can I assist you further?
I also need a place to stay?|There are 33 hotels to choose from. Can we narrow this down? Are you interested in a particular part of town or specific price range?
I do not care about the area but I would like it to be expensive.|I have many to choose from. Do you have a preference for internet or parking?
Yes, I would like it to have internet.|I found 5 hotels matching your request.  I would recommend Huntingdon Marriott Hotel located in the west.  It has a 4 star rating.
How about price range? The hotel should also be very expensive. I won't settle for less and neither will Fi-Fi.|How about the Gonville Hotel which is centrally located? It has internet and is expensive.
That sounds perfect. Let's book it.|Alright! How many people will be staying starting what day?
4 people will be staying|On what day will you be checking in?
I will be staying on Monday.|Booking was successful.
Reference number is : M6FRXJOV.
That is all, thanks.|Great. If you need help in the future, please contact us. Enjoy your stay.
Hi! I'm searching for a Panasian restaurant in the south part of town.|There are no restaurants matching your request.  Would you like to find another restaurant?
Are there any Indian restaurants in the south part of town?|taj tandoori is an indian one in the south part of town.
What is the phone number of Taj Tandoori?|The phone number is 01223 412299.
Thank you.  Goodbye.|Thank you. Goodbye.
I am looking for restaurants in the north part of town|Which price range are you looking in?
I'd like a cheap restaurant. What types of food are available with those parameters?|Italian and Indian food can be found for cheap in the north part of town.  Would you like more information?
Can you give me the name and phone number of a cheap Indian restaurant in the north?|Royal Spice is a cheap Indian restaurant in the north. It's phone number is 017-335-3355
How much is the average dish?|I am sorry sir, this information is not available to us. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Thank you goodbye.|Have a good evening.
I need a train to Ely on Monday.|I can help you with that.  Can you please tell me what station you would like to depart from?
I need to depart from cambridge after 21:45.|There are 2 trains making that trip. One leaves at 21:50, the next at 23:50. Would you like to book one of those trains?
Yes, I'd like to book the train that leaves at 21:50.|I would like to book the train leaving at 21:50.
Did the booking go through?|yes Booking was successful, the total fee is 4.4 GBP payable at the station .
Reference number is : T5GD6FIT
Great! Can you also help me find a place to dine in the centre area?|Sure thing!  What kind of food are you looking for?  What is the price you'd like to pay - Cheap, Moderate, or Expensive?
I'm looking for European food in the city's centre and in the expensive range.  I need the address, postcode and the phone number.|How about darrys cookhouse and wine shop? Their address is 40270 King Street City Centre. Postcode is cb11ln and phone number is 01223505015.
Thank you, that was quick expedient service.  I am all set, hope you have a great day.|You're so welcome, enjoy your visit!
I'm looking for a restaurant called graffiti.|Graffiti is an expensive British restaurant in the west.  Would you like me to book it for you?
Yes book for 7 people on tuesday for 15:30 please.|I'm sorry, that booking was unsuccessful. Shall I try for another day or time?
That's too bad.  Please book any other restaurant that is in the west and expensive.|Okay, I've booked you at Travellers Rest, which also serves british food. Your reference number is FOEJZBZI. Anything else I can help with?
That is all, thanks.|Have a good day
Thank you, you, too.|Thank you and enjoy your meal.
I'm looking for an expensive indian restaurant.|I have many. Is there a certain area you are looking for?
Yes it can be in centre. I would like to book it for 1 person at 20:00 on Saturday.|OK, I booked a table for you at Saffron Brasserie. Your reference number is 65G14AF2. Can I help with anything else?
No thanks, that will everything.|Thank you for using our service today.
You're welcome, thanks.|Are you sure there is nothing else I can do for you today?
I'd like to find a guesthouse in the north.  I want it to have 2 stars.|There are no guesthouses that meet your criteria, can I check something else for you?
Are there any hotels in that area instead of guesthouses?|There is the ashley hotel or the lovell lodge. Would you like me to make a reservation?
Is there a room at the Lovell Lodge available for 1 person on Saturday for 3 nights?|You are all booked! Reference number is 6O4VAAHM.
Great, thanks! Now I'd just like a taxi to take me from Lovell Lodge to Saffron Brasserie by 20:00. Please give me the car and contact info|Booking completed!
Booked car type	:	red skoda
Contact number	:	07515009678
Thanks that will be all. Goodbye|I hope you enjoy your stay. Contact us anytime. Good bye.
Good afternoon! I'd like to visit an expensive european restaurant. Will you help me find one?|Yes there are 5 restaurants that meet your requirements. Do you have a part of town or type of food you prefer?
No, surprise me. I will need the address and the area, though.|Eraina is a very nice restaurant in the centre. How many in your party? And what day and time should I make your reservation for?
I don't need a reservation, I just need the address and the area.|It is the centre area and its address is Free School Lane City Centre
Great,I also need information on getting a train.|Where would you like to depart and arrive?
I'll need one from leicester to cambridge on saturday, leaving after 16:30|I have a train for you that leaves at 17:09. Would you like me to book it?
What time does it arrive and the price?|The train arrives at 18:54 and costs 30.24 pounds.
Okay. Thank you.|Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No thanks, that will be all.|Alright. Thanks for using our service and have a nice day. Goodbye.
I'm looking for a cheap restaurant in the city centre.|I show up to fifteen possibilities. Will you tell me your food preference? This will limit our search slightly.
I like Greek food.|I see several cheap restaurants in the area, one is mediterranean.   It is called the Gardenia.
Just book a table for 1 please on wednesday at 17:15.|Okay I have booked a table for 1 on Wednesday at 1715 at Gardenia.
Can you find an expensive restaurant that serves venetian food?|Sorry, looks like there aren't any venetian restaurants that are expensive. Would you like something else?
Yes, I would be interested in one that serves chinese food. Where would you recommend?|The "yu garden" is a nice place
Find me an expensive place to stay on the south side, please.|There is only one expensive hotel on the south side. Would you like to book at The Lensfield Hotel?
Could you tell me if The Lensfield Hotel has at least a 4 star rating?|It has a 3 star rating.
I see, are there any cheap 4 star hotels on the south side?|No, The only hotel I see has a 3 star rating.
How about a hotel in the cheap price range?|Rosa's bed and breakfast is a guesthouse is a 4 star.
Yes I would like to make a booking.|Okay, how many guests and how many nights would you like me to book?
You know I also need someplace to eat in that is also cheap, and also in the south area.|You have your choice of The Lucky Star, with Chinese cuisine, or Nandos, a portuguese restaurant.
Lets go with The Lucky Star. I need a table for 8 people at 13:45 on Friday.|Great it's all booked the reference number is MXDZ66IK
I would also like a taxi to arrive by my booked time. can i have the taxi contact number and car type|Sure, the car will be a blue lexus and the contact number is 07235433780. Anything else I can help you with?
Nope, that is all. Thank you very much.|You're welcome. Have a great day!
I want to eat at an expensive gastropub restaurant|There are two gastropub's in the centre of town in the expensive price range, would you like me to book one?
Yeah, I need a reservation for 4 people on saturday at 12:30 please|Would you like me to book your reservation in the centre of town or east?
The center of town would be best.|Your reservations are complete at the Backstreet Bistro. Your reference number is 7H01DZW5.
Thank you so much. I don't think I need anything further.|You're welcome, I hope you enjoy your meal. Feel free to call us again if you need anything else. Goodbye.
Hi, I'm looking for cheap places to eat in the city centre?|Yes I have several Chinese and Asian restaurants. Do any of these interest you?
Yes. I would like to book a reservation for 3 at 16:45 on Saturday.|OK, I was able to get you a table at Dojo Noodle Bar. The reference number is T5AAEPL9 and they'll hold the table for 15 minutes. Is that good?
Yes thank you.|Will you be needing anything else today?
No thank you.|Glad that I could help.  Enjoy your visit.  Don't hesitate to contact me if you need anything else.  Goodbye.
Hi, can you help me find a train leaving Cambridge?|I would be happy to help you find a train leaving Cambridge. In order to better help you, can you please let me know where you are traveling to and what day you would like to leave.
I would like to go to Cambridge on Sunday.|Just to clarify, are you leaving Cambridge, or coming into Cambridge?
I am leaving birmingham new street, coming into Cambridge.|There are 19 trains departing Birmingham New Street for Cambridge on Sunday. What's your preferred departure time?
I can depart any time after 17:15. What's the first train that leaves after this time?|The TR5797 leaves Birmingham New Street at 17:40. Would you like me to book you a seat on that train?
At what time will that train arrive?|That train will arrive at 20:23.
i need a train that leaves before 17:15 if possible.|There are no trains that leave before 07:15. TR 5797 is the earliest train there is that day. Would you like to book this one?
No, thank you. I will have to verify with a friend if we can make TR5797.  Can you help with finding an Indian restaurant in the east area of town?|Would you prefer moderate or expensive price range?
Any is fine, I just need the postcode and address of it.|Curry prince is the first listed. It's located at 451 Newmarket Road Fen Ditton. cb58jj is the postcode.
Thank you for your help. That is all I need for now.|Thank you for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Goodbye.
I'm looking for a place called soul tree nightclub.|Soul Tree Nightclub is found in the center of town.The entrance fee is 4 Pounds and their phone number is 01223477900
What type of attraction is it?|It's classified as a nightclub type of attraction.
I also need a place to eat that serves Indian food.|Fantastic. I have 22 restaurants for you to choose from!
I want to book a table for 6 at 18:45 on Thursday|Curry Garden in the centre of town was available. Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Reference number is : OTACG9MV.
Thank you good bye.|Thank you for allowing me to assist you. Have a great night.
Find me a place to dine on some cheap foods from the americas please.|I am sorry but I am not finding any results for the Americas. Is there another food type you would be interested in?
How about spanish food?|It seems there are no cheap Spanish restaurants either. Can I help you with anything else today?
you can help me to book a table for 8 people at 16:45 on friday.
Make sure you get the reference number with moderate price range|Your booking is successful, reference number is WLB1869A
Great, thanks! Can you also help me find a train to get me to Cambridge from Leicester?|which day will you want to travel?
I would like Friday|I have a few options on Friday with departures starting at 5:09 and recurring every hour. What time would you like to depart?
Can you pick one and get me 8 tickets please?|Booking was successful, the total fee is 302.39 GBP payable at the station .
Reference number is : I0W8XGUW.
Thanks, that's all I needed today!|enjoy your stay in cambridge
Could you recommend an expensive restaurant that serves Mediterranean food?|Sure thing! Where are you located?
I don't care what part of town the restaurant is in.|How about shiraz restaurant?
What is their phone number and post code?|Their postcode is C.B 2, 1 D.P and their phone number is 01223307581.
Thank you, goodbye.|enjoy your meal .
Looking for a restaurant in the east side that serves basque food.|I did not find any restaurants with that criteria. Do you want to change the area?
Will you look for indian food in the east?|How about Curry prince? It is indian food.
Perfect! I would like a table for 2 at 16:00 on Tuesday|I was unable to complete your booking. Would you like to try another day or time slot?
Would 15:00 on the same day work?|The booking was successful for Tuesday at 15:00 for a party of 2. Your reference number is H2VOXSP6. Is there anything else I can help you with?
thanks!|You are welcome!
I need to find a place to eat and would prefer Indian food.|It would be my pleasure to assist you in your restaurant search. Do you have a preference on price point and/or area of the city?
I would love for it to be in the east and be moderately priced.|There are two indian restaurants in the east, curry price and rajmahal. Would you like me to book you a table at one?
Yes please. Could you make a reservation for 8 at 18:15 on Wednesday?|I'm sorry sir, neither restaurant is available at that moment.  Do you want to try a different day or time?
how about 17:15. Get me a reference number for that.|I have booked you at the curry prince. Reference number is  MRQELLG2. May I help you with anything else today?
Yes, I could use a suggestion on a great museum to visit after we eat at the restaurant.|I recommend Cambridge Artworks, which is a free museum in the same part of town as your restaurant.
Could I get the address, postcode and entrance fee?|Cambridge Artworks is located at 5 Greens Road in postcode cb13ef, and it's free to enter.
Cool.  Can you help me book a taxi?  I need it to get to the restaurant from the museum by my reservation time.|Booking is complete, look for a grey ford, the phone number is 07959689504, may I assist with anything else?
That's all, you've been a great help!|Happy to help! Enjoy your stay.
Hello! What is your favorite museum in town?|Cambridge artworks is a good choice
Can I have the address, entrance fee, and the area it is in?|They are located in the east. The address is 5 Greens Road. And, they offer free entrance.
I'm also looking for a Moroccan restaurant in the center of town. Is there anything like that in Cambridge?|sorry, I couldnt find any of that food type.
Aww shucks. Can you recommend another restaurant in the centre that's cheap?|Might I recommend La Raza. They offer cheap Mexican food but it is delicious. They are located in the centre.
I think I'd prefer Mediterranean food.  Can you look again?|Yes, I found the Gardenia in the centre of town.  It's Mediterranean food that is in the cheap pricerange.  Would you like me to book a table for you?
Yes, I will like a table for 5 people on Monday at 15:45.|Your reservations have been made and your reference number is  851LQWR4.
Beautiful, thank you for everything, that will be all.|excellent, have a great day!
I am looking for the address and phone number of an expensive restaurant serving Thai food.|there are two Thai locations. Would you prefer a restaurant in the centre or west part of town?
I don't care.|Sala Thong is an expensive Thai restaurant in the west. Would you like their information?
Yes, please. May I have their address and phone number?|Sala Thong is located at 35 Newnham Road Newnham and their phone number is 01223 323178. Is there anything else I can do for you today?
That is all, thank you, goodbye.|You are welcome Good Bye
I want to find a moderately priced restaurant in the south part of town.|There are two choices in the south part of town with moderate price. One is Pizza Hut Cherry Hinton, which is Italian food. and the other is restaurant alimentum, which is modern european food.
What is the address and phone number of Alimentum?|restaurant Alimentum is located at 152 - 154 Hills Road and the phone number is 01223 413000.
Thank you very much good bye|You're very welcome.  Good bye.
I don't care about price range, find me an european food restaurant, please.|Cambridge lodge restaurant is a restaurant that serves european food. Would you like more information?
What ids the address and phone number?|Thier phone number is 01223 355166 and address is Cambridge Lodge Hotel 139 Huntingdon Road City Centre
Great!  Thank you very much.|Thank you bye
Good bye|Good day!
Good bye.|Thank you for using the Cambridge restaurant system. Goodbye.
I am looking for a restaurant in the centre of town.|There are many restaurants in the centre of town. Is there a specific food type and pricerange you are looking for?
No particular type of food, but something moderately priced please.|Would you like to try the copper kettle? It serves British food.
That sounds good. Could you book a table for 4 people at 19:15 on Wednesday?|Hi, I've booked a table for 4 at the Copper Kettle! Will that be all?
Could I get the reference number? Also looking for place to go in town. What museum do you recommend? Please send address.|Your restaurant reference number is AVOXTSPM. For a museum, I recommend the broughton house gallery at 98 king street.
Alright, that seems like it will be perfect! Could I have the address for it, please?|The address is 98 king street.
OK great, that's all I needed thank you!|You're welcome. Goodbye.
I have a taste for British food tonight, can you find me a place to eat?|There are 11 restaurants that serve british food, do you have a price range?
No I do not have a price range but it does need to be located in the centre.|I have found seven restaurants available in the moderate to expensive price range. Is there a street you would like to be near?
No, which one is your favorite?|When it comes to British food, my absolute favorite is Restaurant One Seven. It is moderately priced. Would you like more info about them?
I would like to try your recommendation. Would you book for Thursday, at 11:00 for 6 people?|I was not able to book you there, anything else that I can look up for you?
Are you able to book 10:00 instead?|Yes. Your reference number is 56MJKUW1.
I am also looking for a theater in the same area.|I would suggest the ADC Theatre.  It is in the centre area.
That sound good. Could I have their postcode and address please?|The postcode for Restaurant One Seven is cb21ab, and the address is De Vere University Arms Regent Street City Centre. Do you require further assistance?
No thanks, that is everything.|Glad to have helped, have a great day.
I am going to be on the north side of town and would like a recommendation to a high end restaurant for dinner.|I have several high end options available. Did you have a preference on the type of cuisine?
No, I don't have a preference.|Then may I recommend Restaurant Two Two. It is French and tre manufique! Would you like to make reservations?
Have you eaten there?|Yes. Would you like to book a table?
Sure, can you please book a table for four in the evening|I would be happy to make you a reservation, first I will need to know what day and time you'd like to reserve for.
For 4 people at 13:45 on Saturday. I'd also like the booking reference number, please.|Ok. I have booked your reservation. The reference number is RBBHGYRV.
Great, thanks a lot!|Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
No, that's all. Thank you.|You're welcome. Enjoy your meal!
I am looking for a restaurant that is in the moderate price range and in the west part of town.|Do you have a particular food type in mind today?
any type of food will be fine as long as it is moderately priced and in the west part of town.|Meghna is an Indian restaurant in the west part of town and is in the moderate price range.
Great, can I please have their address and postcode?|Meghna is at 205 Victoria Road Chesterton, and the postal code is  C.B 4, 3 L.F.  Can I help you with anything else?
Thank you good bye.|thank you good bye.
I want a jamaican food restaurant in the centre part of town.|There are no jamaican restaurants in the center part of town. Do you have another cuisine or area preference?
Are there any International restaurants in the centre?|There are two international restaurants in the centre area, both moderately priced.  Would you like their addresses?
I don't care.|May I recommend Bloomsbury Restaurant which is an International restaurant in the centre and is moderately priced?
What is the phone number and price range?|Bloomsbury Restaurant is moderately priced, and you can reach them at 0871 942 9180.
Thank you. That sounds good.|Thank you for using our system. Would you like anything else?
Thank you goodbye.|Good bye.
I'm going on a date and need an expensive restaurant on the north side of town.|There are 5 restaurants that meet your criteria. Can I interest you in Asia, Chinese, European, or French cuisine?
No, I really prefer Indian if possible.|I'm sorry, there are no expensive Indian restaurants on the north side.
Aww, that's too bad. Hmm, can you see if there is an expensive Asian Oriental restaurant on the north side?|There is Saigon City.  Would you like me to book a table for 2?
That sounds good. I want to book a table for 5 people on Saturday at 17:45.|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : HNO7WYMG. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No that was all I needed, thank you so much, goodbye!|Have a great time.  Good bye.
Hi I am looking for the attraction Corpus Christi can you find it for me?|Corpus Christi is located at king's parade in the centre of the town.
Super, I'm right by there... what kind of an attraction is Corpus Christi?|it is a college located on king's parade
Okay. I'm also looking for a restaurant called Restaurant Alimentum.|Sure, I've located that for you.  What information would you like?
I need to reserve a table for 8 at 17:30 wednesday and the reference # too|Your reservation for 8 people at the restaurant alimentum for this wednesday at 17:30 was successful. Your Reference number is : PJH9SVZE.
Thank you.  You have provided everything I needed.|Thank you, have a good day.
I'm looking for an expensive restaurant in the city centre.|I can most definitely help with that. Is there a certain type of food you would like to try?
Yes, I think I would like to try French food.|Cote is a French restaurant in the centre of town. It is expensive. Would you like me to book you a reservation?
Yes.  Please send be the phone number, address and postcode.|Their number is 01223311053, postcard is cb21uf and they are located on Bridge Street City Centre.
Great, thanks. I also need a train. I need to leave cambridge after 12:15.|I have over 800 possible matches for that request. Where will you be departing from?
I am leaving from Kings Lynn on Saturday.|I have a train TR4003 leaving cambride at 13:00 and arriving at london kings cross at 13:51. Would you like me to make reservations?
Yes, can you book that train for 2 people please?|Your train has been booked. Reference number CYW95CE2. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, thank you. That is all I need today.|I am happy to be able to help. Have a nice day. Goodbye.
I'm looking for a museum to visit in the centre.|The Broughton House Gallery is located in the centre of town and has free admission. Would you like the address and postcode?
Yes, please, that would be useful.|Their postcode is cb11ln	 and their address is 98 king street.
I also need a restaurant in the same area? Crossover food sounds good.|I'm sorry, there are no crossover restaurants in that area. Is there another type or area where you'd like me to search?
What else do you have that is cheap?|What type of food?
Hmmm, I'm hungry for some portuguese food... Have anything like that?|nandos city centre would fit your needs. can I book a table for you?
Thank you! Please book a table for 8 people at 14:00 on Thursday.|Okay, I have you booked.  Your reservation number is KUGMVJ5D.  Is there anything else I can do for you?
Thank you goodbye|Thank you for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Have a great day.
i am looking for a place to dine. The restaurant should be in the west and should serve thai food.|Sala Thong is the only Thai restaurant in the west. It's expensive, but worth it. Would you like a reservation?
Yes, please. I would like a reservation for 2 at 19:00 on Tuesday. Please provide a reference number.|Fantastic! Your reservation went through smoothly. Here is your reference number JJWEO8ZH. They will keep the table reserved for 15 minutes for you. Can I help with anything else?
Gosh, I'm so sorry! I don't want the reservation for the evening, I want Thai food for lunch. Do you have a table for 2 at 12:30 on Tuesday?|Yes, there is a table open for 12:30 on Tuesday. Would you like me to book it for you?
Yes.  Please book a table for two.|Great News booking was successful they will hold the table for 15 mins and your reference number is JJWEO8ZH. Is there anything else i can help you with?
Thanks! Could you help me find a swimmingpool please that is also in the west?|I'm sorry.  There are no swimming pools in the west part of town. Would you like to try a different area or attraction type?
Can you try an entertainment attraction instead?  Thanks.|Whale of a Time is a nice place they are in the west.
That sounds great, what is the postcode?|Whale of a time has a postcode of cb238el.  Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No, I think that is all I need today. Thank you for your help.|And thank you for calling in, please take care and call if you need anything else.
I'm seeking an attraction! A boat one will be nice.|Great! I have four for you. Two are in the centre. Any location you'd like in particular?
No, I'd like the name of one in the centre please.|Sure, I can get tickets for the cambridge punter in the city centre. If that sounds okay, what day and time would you like?
Yes please! Thank you so much!|I am sorry but you will have to get ticket there and here is the address 251a chesterton road.
I am also looking for the Oak Bistro, a place to eat.|Do you want me to make a booking?
I am looking for a restaurant in the center of town that serves Russian food.|There are no Russian restaurants in the centre of town. Would you like something else?
yes please, is there any restaurant serve british food?|There is one moderately priced British restaurant and one expensive restaurant. Do you have a preference?
No. What is the address and phone number?|fitzbillies restaurant's phone number is 01223 352500. Their address is 51 Trumpington Street City Centre
thank you, good bye|Thank you good bye
I'm looking for a restaurant on the north side of town that serves tuscan food.|I'm sorry there are no locations serving Tuscan food on the north side town.
How about chinese type of food?|yes, there are 3 chinese restaurants in the north. what price range would you prefer?
Price doesn't matter. Suggest one please.|Golden wok serves chinese food and is located in the north part of town.
Thank you, goodbye!|thank you for choosing our system. Good bye
I need a train for this Friday that leaves anytime after 2:15 that afternoon.|There are a total of 204 trains leaving after 2:15 in the afternoon on Friday. Where would you like to go?
I would like to go to Stevenage please and depart from Cambridge.|There are 5 such trains. Do you want to set an arrival time?
I don't care about when it arrives.|Train TR0217 leaves at 5:21 in the afternoon, would you like me to book it?
Not right now, but I was wondering if you could tell me about expensive restaurants in the center of town.|There are 33 options. What food type do you prefer?
I don't care about the food type.|How does bedouin sound, they serve african food.
That sounds great.  What is their price range?|The bedouin is expensive.
Let's go ahead and book that for 8 people at 10:30 on Friday, and I will need that reference number, please.|I have booked your table at the bedouin.  Your reference number is 52CPSY3C and we hope you have a great day!
Hello, I am looking for a cheap place to dine in the centre.|There are few places that are cheap in the Center. You can make your choice from our list based on the Kind of food you prefer.
Um, I don't see any sort of list. Could you recommend something?|What type of food would you like?
I would like Indian food.|There are three cheap Indian restaurants in the centre of town. I have heard great things about the chef at Kohinoor. Would you like me to make a reservation?
Yes. Book that one for 3 people on Friday at 18:45.|Done. You have a reservation for 3 at kohinoor on Friday at 18:45. Your reference is 37R6X4JS and the table will be held for 15 minutes. Will that be all today?
I'm also looking for someplace to go in the same area as the restaurant.  Can you help with that?|There are several in the area. Do you have a preference of the type of attraction?
Old churches would be nice thank you|Okay, there are 5. I recommend All Saint's Church on Jesus Lane.
great. can i get the address and entry fee?|46 Jesus Ln, Cambridge CB5 8BW. No entrance fee. Anything else I can assist you with?
That is all I need today, thank you.|Thank you for using our system today!
Are there any Asian restaurants in the centre of town?|Yes, I have 4 places ranging from cheap to expensive. Do you have a preference?
I would like an expensive price range|There is one, the Kymmoy. It is at 52 Mill Road City Centre, would you like to make a reservation?
Yes, please. 3 people at 20:00 on Friday.|Your booking was successful, your reference number is 8JYOL10R. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I also need a train leaving from Norwich and arriving at 08:30.|What is your destination and what day would you be traveling?
I would be going to Cambridge and traveling on Friday.|the TR9900 arrives at 06:35 on friday from norwich to cambridge.
That sounds great, can you book us tickets for the same group of people, please?|Booking was successful, the total fee is 52.8 GBP payable at the station. Reference number is : 46D44UUR. Is there anything else that I can do for you?
No, that's it. Thank you for your help.|Thank you for choosing the help desk. Have a wonderful day.
I am looking for a place to dine in the moderate price range and serves European food.|Sure, I have located several European restaurants, is there a particular area you're looking for?
Yes, I would prefer the north.|I'm not seeing any in the north. Would you like to try another area, or another cuisine?
That's fine. Can you find me a chinese restaurant in the same area?|Yes, we have the Golden Wok  Would you like to make a reservation there?
Sure, I need to book it for 6 people, please.|What day and time would you prefer?
I would like it to be on Friday at 18:15.|Your table is booked and will be reserved for 15 minutes.  Your reference number is GS2CO4IV. May I help you with anything else today?
Yes, I'm also looking for an attraction in the same area as the restaurant.|There are 4 attractions in the north: 1 boat, 1 park, and 2 swimming pools. Do you have a preference?
Yes the boat attraction, can I get the address and do the charge a fee, what is it?|Riverboat Georgina is at Cambridge Passenger Cruisers, Jubilee House. I don't have a listing for their entrance fee, but their phone number is 01223902091. I'm sure they'd be happy to help.
Thanks. I would like to book a taxi between the two places and have it arrive to the restaurant by the booked time please.|I have booked you a car. It is a red Toyota and the contact number is 07486387305. Do you need any further assistance?
Thank you, I won't be needing anything else. Goodbye.|Goodbye, hope you have a lovely day.
Hi, I'm looking for a 4 star place that offers free wifi.|There are 21 hotels that meet the description. Are you looking for one in a particular area?
No particular area but it should have free parking too.|Okay.  I would recommend Archway House, which is at 52 Gilbert Road and has everything you're looking for.  Does that sound good?
Yes, that does sound good. Can you book a room for 7 people for me for 3 nights starting from Sunday?|Booking was successful.
Reference number is : 40N5I5FN. anything else i could help you with?
great, thanks. I need also a chinese restaurant in moderate price range?|There are some excellent chinese restaurants in that price range. Do you have a location preference?
The location doesn't matter. I just need a Chinese restaurant that is moderately priced. Thanks.|The Jinling Noodle Bar meets your criteria, should I book it for you?
Please do. I want it for 7 people on sunday at 16:00. Please provide the reference number|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Reference number is : RQHOVD73. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
That is all for today.  Thanks for all your help.  Have a great day!|thank you and enjoy your stay in our lovely city!
Hi, I am looking for a place to eat in the centre of town.|I've found a lot of restaurants in the centre. Is there a specific type of food you're looking for?
It should serve portuguese food in the cheap price range.|Nandos City Centre is your place. Would you like to book?
Yes, I need a table for two on Wednesday.|What time on Wednesday would you like?
Book it for 15:30 please.|That time is not available.Would you like a different time ?
I would love to go to some place that has boats.|Sure, what part of town will you be in?
It doesn't matter.|I would recommend the cambridge punter, located in the centre of town at 251a chesterton road. Do you need anything else?
Could I get the postcode, area and phone number? I also need information on a restaurant called Sitar Tandoori.|They are in the centre. Postcode is cb41as. Phone number is 07807718591. Sitar Tandoori is an expensive indian restaurant in the east.
Can you book a table for me?|Yes, I can. Can you tell me what day for the reservation, how many guests and the time?
Actually don't book the table. just give me the phone number and the food type please.|it is 07807718591 and serves indin food
Thank you for booking that.|anything else I can assist you with today?
No, I'm good.  Thank you for your time and don't work too hard.  Bye!|It was a pleasure to help. Have a good night. Goodbye.
need a place to eat european food, expensive too.|We have several options that would meet your criteria, is there a specific area you are looking for?
Yes, the centre of town please.|Okay, I'd recommend eraina. It's a fantastic place at Free School Lane City Centre. Would you like to try it?
Yes book it for 6 people at 19:45 on friday.|Your Reference number is : QVCSAJFU. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Excellent. I'm also interested in the train schedule. Are there any that leave Cambridge in the morning and arrive at their destination by 8:15?|I have severail trains departing from Cambridge. Where would the destination be?
I am going to bishops storford|I would recommend the TR3847 train that leaves at 05:29. Would that work/
What's the price and travel time?|It costs 10.10 pounds and the travel time is 38 minutes. Should I book it for you?
That would great , and please get me the train ID, price, and travel time|The train id is TR3847, the price is 10.10 pounds, it leaves at 05:29 and arrives by 06:07, would you like me to book this for you?
No, I don't need a reservation at this time. Thank you, you've given me all the help I need today.|You're quite welcome. I hope you enjoy your trip. Bye!
I'd like to take a train from Cambridge at quarter to 2.|There are trains departing from Cambridge going to ely at 1350 daily.
Great I need to get a ticket on Thursday going to birmingham new street|Great your booking is all set!
Can I get the Arrival Time and Train Please?|Train TR9360 arrives at 16:44.
Thank you for your help!|Have a great day, thank you for using our service.
Also, do you have a listing of any expensive restaurants that serve halal or italian dishes?|There are 5 expensive restaurants serving italian food, would you prefer town centre or in the south area?
Any area is fine, but can I get the phone number and address of one of your recommendations?|The number for Clowns Cafe is 01223355711 and the address is 54 King Street City Centre. Would you like the reference number for your train ticket?
I would like the area for this cafe please.|Clowns Cafe is located in the centre part of town. Was there any other information you needed. Or a reservation perhaps?
Great, that's all I needed for today. thank you very much.|You're welcome. Have a great day!
I want english food.|Please tell me the price range you would like today.
I don't care.|I'm sorry. There are no restaurants serving English food near your area.
How about Italian food then. Please give me phone number and postcode please.|Ask serves Italian food, is in the center of town and in the cheap price range. Their phone number is 01223 364917 and their postcode is C.B 2, 1 U.F.
thank you good bye|Thank you and good bye
Can you help me find somewhere to eat in the centre?|Sure! Are you looking for any particular type of food such as African, British, Chinese, etc?
No type of food but I'd like it to be in the moderate range please|Great, I have Yippee Noodle Bar that meets your criteria. Would you like me to make a reservation for you?
Yes. There are five of us for Monday at 19:45, please.|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Reference number is : SOPGGCUP.
thank you for your help|You are more than welcome!
Great TownInfo service. Goodbye.|You're more than welcome. Have a great day.
I'm looking for a restaurant that serves international food.|There are three international restaurants in Cambridge. Do you have a price preference?
I would like to find a moderately priced place and I need a reservation for 4 people at 12:15 on a Thursday.|Okay I have the Bloomsbury and the Varsity restaurants. But I was unable to reserve either. Is there another time that would suit you?
Yes, could you make it for 11:15, and can you give me the reference number?|Alright, I have booked you a table for 11:15 at the varsity restaurant. Your reference number is HM90EAET. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I am looking for some entertainment, do you know anywhere I could go in the centre of town?|Unfortunately I don't see anything entertainment related in the centre of town. How about another area of the city?
That's fine. I'd like to know about museums in the area instead.|Fantastic, there are 11 museums in the centre. Can I recommend the Fitzwilliam Museum, if you don't have a preference?
Fitzwilliam Museum sounds great. What is the postcode?|The postcode is cb21rb.
Great.  Now can you book a taxi for me between the two places? From The Varsity Restaurant to Fitzwilliam Museum?|At what time would you like the taxi to arrive?
Actually it's from Fitzwilliam Museum to The Varsity Restaurant I want to arrive by the 11:15 booking please.|Certainly. What time would you like to leave?
It doesn't matter, at long as I arrive at the restaurant by 11:15.|OK, a yellow Lexus will pick you up at the Varsity and get you to the Fitzwilliam by 11:15. The contact number is 07462272535. Can I help with anything else?
No thank you, that will do for now!  Thanks for helping me today!|Have a fantastic day!
Thank you for all your help.|Glad I could be of assistance.
Hey, I'm trying to find a restaurant called Taj Tandoori. What do you know about that?|I show the Taj Tandoori located in the south. They serve Indian style cuisine and are in the expensive price range. May I book a table for you?
Yes please. I would like a reservation for 4 people at 15:00 on tuesday.|I'm sorry but there wasn't a table available at that time. Would you like to try another restaurant?
Yes, please.  If you could find one similar to Taj Tandoori, that would be perfect.|I'm sorry Taj Tandoori is the only Indian Cuisine available in the south, would you like to try a different cuisine?
Sure, but let's try to keep it in the same area and price range please.|I booked a table for you at peking restaurant. Reference number is XPE4EOGJ. Anything else today?
Okay that is all I need at the moment.|Okay. Enjoy your dining experience.
Hello, please find me a place to dine in the north area that serves polish food.|There are no restaurants that meet that criteria. Would you like me to look for Polish food in another area?
Yes please. I would just need it to be in the cheap price range.|I do not have any polish restaurants in the cheap price range. Would you like a different restaurant or cuisine?
Yes, let's try italian food.|Great.  Da vinci pizzeria is a cheap italian restaurant in the north.  Would you like me to make a reservation there?
Book a table for 1 person at 16:00 on Saturday.|I'm sorry the booking was unsuccessful. Would you like me to try another cuisine or different area?
I'd like a restaurant in the same area and price range. It doesn't matter what cuisine.|Booking was successful at royal spice. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : KEJQJLSS.
Thank you, that was all I needed.|You're welcome. Good-bye.
I am looking for an expensive Korean restaurant. Can you tell me my options please?|Little Seoul is the only one - it's an expensive korean place in the centre. Would you like me to book it for you?
Yes, save me a table for one at 11:15 on Monday. Thanks!|I was able to make that reservation for you. Reference Number: 3GQAM8LN. Anything more I can help with?
Yes, I am also looking for a museum in the west side of the city.|We have several. May I suggest lynne strover gallery.
That sounds great, can I get the phone number and postcode please?|Sure thing! Their number is 01223295264. The post code is cb30aq. Anything else dear?
No,and thank you kind person for helping me!|Excellent, please feel free to contact us with any other questions you might have! Thanks and have a great day!
I'm looking for an inexpensive restaurant in the west section of Cambridge.|I have an Italian place and a Vietnamese, which would you prefer?
I would actually prefer some cheap Lebanese food if possible?|I am sorry I have no results for restaurants serving lebanese food in the west.  Would you like to find another type of cuisine?
Ok, maybe we can try the Vietnamese one you mentioned.|Okay would you like me to make a reservation?
Um, I think I'll just take the postcode and the name for now thanks.|The Vietnamese restaurant is called Thanh Binh and is located in the CB30AF postcode. Is there anything else I can do for you?
Nope, that is all I needed. Thank you so much!|Thank you for choosing Cambridge TownInfo centre. Have a wonderful day!
I need to find an expensive british place to dine.|There are 6 results. Is there a certain area you'd like?
6 british restaurants, wow! I need a table for 2 at 12:00 on wednesday. No particular area|I have booked a table for you at Graffiti on the west side of town. They are located at Hotel Felix Whitehouse Lane Huntingdon Road and phone number 01223277977.
Could you please provide me with the reference number for the reservation?|Absolutely. Your reference number is NS4A5CJT. Your table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Anything else I can help you with?
I need a train too.  I will be leaving from London Liverpool Street, can you help with that?|Sure- where are you traveling to?
I'm heading to Cambridge, I would like to make it to London Liverpool Street by 8:00 if possible.|TR7020 departs Liverpool Street at 05:39, arriving in Cambridge at 07:07. Would you like a ticket?
What is the ticket price?|The fare is 16.60 pounds.  Need a booking?
Yes, I require the booking, as well as the reference number emailed or faxed to me.|Fantastic, how many people do you need tickets for?
I don't think I want to book it just yet, I am still getting a head count.|Is there anything else I may do for you right now?
That was all that I needed thanks.|Have a wonderful trip.
I look forward to my visit. Thanks, again.|Thank you again, good day to you.
I need the phone number to a restaurant located in the north part of town that is moderately priced, thank you|Golden Wok is a moderately priced Chinese food restaurant in the north part of town. Their number is 01223 350688.
Thank you, goodbye.|You're welcome. Goodbye.
Thank you, goodbye.|good day!
Can you help me find a theatre in the centre please?|May I recommend Mumford theatre located at anglia ruskin enterprise, east road. Do you need any more information?
Can I have the phone number?|Absolutely! The phone number is 08451962320.
Thanks!  I am also looking for information on a restaurant named the Ian hong house.|that is a chinese restaurant in the center.
Is it possible for you to make a reservation for me? It would be for Monday.|For how many people please
Book for 4 people on Monday at 18:15.|your all set! reservation # is XJ3DII6Y. Anything else for you  today?
That's all I need. Thank you for your help!|You are very welcome happy to help.
Thanks, I appreciate it.  Goodbye.|Thanks again and please enjoy your visit!
I need a train from leicester that leaves after 14:30.|ok thank you. I would like to book a ticket on TR4351 since that is the closest time you guys have.
Does that train leave on Wednesday and go to Cambridge?|The earliest train that day leaves at 15:09. Do you want to book it?
What time will it arrive?  How many minutes does it take to get there?  Can you tell me the price?|It arrives at 16:54 and is 37.80 pounds. Is there anything else you need?
Can you tell me what the total travel time is for the entire ride?|The travel time is 105 minutes. Is there anything else you need?
I'm also looking for a expensive indian restaurant.|What area would you like the indian restaurant to be in?
I would like it in the west please.|I found 5 restaurants that are expensive Indian restaurants in the west area. Do you want information on all of them?
No, just pick one and book it and provide me with the reference number please.|What day, time, and party size would you like to book?
Just a table for 1 at 18:45 on Wednesday please|I have booked your table for 1 on Wednesday at 18:45 at Cocum. They will hold your table for 15 minutes. Your Reference number is : JZ2XD42N.
That's great you've been a big help.|Glad I could help, have a great day.
Are there any good polish restaurants in the city?|I'm sorry, I don't have any Polish restaurants in the area. Is there anything else you'd be interested in?
Hm, how about we try the centre area for the polish food.|There are no Polish restaurants in the city. Would you like to try something else?
i will try british food|There are 7 British restaurants in the centre to choose from. Would you prefer a moderate or an expensive price range?
i'd like an expensive, please.|I have 3 listings for fitzbillies restaurant,the cambridge chop house and midsummer house restaurant.
Can I get a table for 8 at Fitzbillies? Thursday at 12:15, please.|Your booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
The reference number is : YONTCHWD. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
I also need a train from peterborough on thursday. I'd like to arrive in cambridge by 09:30.|There are 7 trains that can get you there, the earliest is levaing at 05:19, the latest at 08:19. Do you have a time you'd like to leave the station?
No, I do not care what time it leaves as long as it arrives in Cambridge by 9:30.|Let's get you on the TR9303, it leaves Peterborough at 8:19 and gets to Cambridge at 9:09. Would you like a reservation?
Yes, I'll need tickets for my entire party.|If i remember right, I had you as a party of 8, I booked 8 tickets for TR9303.  Cost is a total of 132, total reference # 011FPABG.
Yes, that was correct. Thanks for all your help. My ride is here. I've got to go. Bye.|Have a nice day.
Hello! I am about to go to Cambridge and I would like some information about local restaurants.  I also need to see if I can book a train to Cambridge that gets there before 15:45.|We have many options for restaurants. What food type are you interested in eating today?
I would like Italian please.|What area of town do you prefer?
It doesn't matter the part of town.|help me narrow down the choices by giving me the price range
Actually, let's look for the train first, please. I'll be traveling from London Kings Cross to Cambridge on Tuesday and I'd like to arrive by 15:45.|The TR3456 from London Kings Cross on Tuesday departs at 13:17 and arrives at 14:08. Shall I book that for  you?
I don't need to book just yet.  But could you help me located a New Zealand restaurant?|Unfortunately, we no longer have any new zealand restaurants in the city. Can I search for something else for you?
I's sorry, but could you give me the actual train travel time between the two cities? I'm not good at math.|It takes 51minutes.
Thanks, could you also recommend could you help you help me find a place with japanese food?|Wagamama is an expensive Japanese restaurant in the centre of town.
Okay please book a table for five people on tuesday at 18:00 and give me the reference number|I am unable to book it at this time.
Is there another Japanese restaurant in the center of town?|There are no other Japenese Restaurants in that area.
Could you try to book that again for 5 people at 18:00 on Tuesday?|Great news, the booking system is back up and I made your reservation! The Ref. # is ETUL1R4O. Anything else I can do?
Thank you very much. That is all for today.|Thank you and enjoy your stay in Cambridge!
I want to find a place to stay with free wifi.  It doesn't have to have free parking though.|The acorn guest house will meet your needs. Would you like to book a room there?
Is that a 4-star hotel? I do prefer a 4-star place.|Yes, the acorn guest house is a 4-star place
Ok, that sounds good, lets book a room please.|Sure thing! I just need to know what day you'll be arriving, how many nights you'll be staying, and how many people are in your party to be able to book.
First, I need the price, phone number, and postcode there.|The acorn guest house is located at 154 chesterton road postcode cb41da, phone 01223353888. The price is in the moderate range. Shall I book a room for you?
Thank you! I am also searching for The Good Luck Chinese Food Takeaway.|Certainly, the good luck chinese food takeaway is in the south part of town. Can I book at table for you, if so how many will be dining.
I want to book a table for 2 people at 12:30 on sunday.|The restaurant has been booked for two people Sunday at 12:30. Your reference code is COB6X9IP.
Great, thanks! That is all I needed for today.|It has been my pleasure. We hope you enjoy your time here in Cambridge and feel free to contact us if you need any further assistance.
Please list all moderately priced restaurants in the centre of Cambridge.|There are 21 restaurants to choose from. Would you like me to narrow this search down by choosing a type of food you would like to eat?
I would really like some good Turkish food.|There are two Turkish restaurants listed. Anatolia and Efes Restaurant. Would you like to make a reservation for either of these?
I'll try the Anatolia. Please see if you can get me a table for 2 at 13:45 on Saturday|Your reference number is P5C22QW2. May I help you with anything else today?
I also need a train to Broxbourne.|Certainly! What day and time would you like to travel?
I want to arrive in broxbourne by 17:15. I am leaving from Cambridge, of course.|ok there is one leaving at 1600 i will book it for you
I am looking for a restaurant serving Spanish food.|There are two restaurants serving Spanish food in the cheap and moderate price range. Which price range would you prefer?
I am looking for a restaurant in any area that serves Lebanese food.|Ali Baba serves Lebanese food. Would you like the location information?
Yes please, I would like the address and phone number.|The phone number for ali baba is 01462 432565 and their address is 59 Hills Road City Centre. Can I help you with anything else today?
Thank you.  No, that's all I need.  Goodbye!|Thanks for using Cambridge Restaurant System, goodbye.
Where can I get Swiss food in town?|There are no venues serving Swiss food.
How about Indian food? Can I have the address and phone number?|cocum serves indian food. its address is 71 castle street city centre and the phone number is 01223 366668, is there anything else I can help you with?
No.  Thank you, goodbye.|Thank you, goodbye.
I am looking for a restaurant in Cambridge that serves Indian food and is in the higher price range. Could you give me information on this kind of restaurant?|I have about 14 different options. Did you prefer a certain area of town to dine in?
I would like one in the west.|Tandoori Palace is an expensive Indian restaurant located in the west. Would you like to book a table?
Yes, I would like to make a reservation for 5 people at 18:15 on Wednesday. I would also like the reference number.|You're booking is all set. Your reference number is 5DFJFXLC. Can I help you with anything else?
Would it be possible to book a train from cambridge?|Can you tell me where you're departing from so I can look into the train schedule?
I am departing from Cambridge.|Where would you like to travel to, and at what time and day?
I'm going to Peterborough on Thursday, I'd like to leave after 10:30.|I have train TR5159 leaving cambridge at 11:06 arriving in peterborough at 11:56 on thursday. Would you like me to make reservations for that?
Let me think about it please.|Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Could you tell me the travel time on that train?|The travel time on that train from Cambridge to Peterborough is 50 minutes.
Ok, thanks. Can you also tell me the price per ticket?|It's 16.50 pounds per ticket.
I would like 5 tickets please. Can you give me a total price?|Okay, the total fee is 82.5 GBP and your reference number is MJUGFPX5.
Thank you. Goodbye.|Thank you good bye.
Can you give me information on a restaurant called graffiti?|Graffiti is a British restaurant on Hotel Felix Whitehouse Lane Huntingdon Road. Would you like more information or a reservation?
I would like to book a table for 2 for Wednesday, please.|I can absolutely do that for you, what time would you like me to make that reservation for?
At 14:00 please.|I am sorry they do not have a table at that time, perhaps another restaurant?
Are there any other restaurants in that area in the same price range?|I booked Travellers Rest for you.  It is also an expensive British restaurant.  Reference number 1JYRFRT0.  Will that be all for today?
If Travellers Rest is in the same area as Grafitti then that will be all. Thank you for your help!|Enjoy the rest fo your day
I am planning a trip in Cambridge|Is there a certain type of restaurant you are looking for?
I have heard of gastropub food but never tried it before. Would you have anything like that in the east?|There is only 1 and its called the royal standard would you like to reserve a table?
Sure can you book a table for 4 at 14:45 on friday?|Done! Your reference number is N8IPCZJP. Do you need help with anything else?
Yes, I need to book a train to cambridge on that same day.|Okay and where will you be departing from?
I'm departing from Kings Lynn. I'll need to arrive by 9:15.|The train that arrives closest to 09:15 is TR1797. It arrives by 08:58 will that work for you?
Yeah that works. Can you book train reservations on that train for the same group of 4 people?|Booking was successful, the total fee is 39.2 GBP payable at the station, your reference number is JB48YR5T. Will that be all for today?
No that will be all. Thank you.|Have a great trip.
I would like a restaurant in the south part of town that serves greek food|I am sorry there no restaurants matching what you want. Is there anything else?
How about Chinese food?|Would you like something in the expensive or cheap price range?
Cheap, I think.|the lucky star serves chinese food, is located in the south part of town and is in the cheap price range.  Would you like more information for them?
What is the address?|Cambridge Leisure Park Clifton Way Cherry Hinton
Thank you goodbye.|You're welcome. Goodbye.
Goodbye.|Good bye.
Hi, Have you heard of the J Restaurant?  I'd like some information about it.|It's a cheap Asian Oriental restaurant located in the centre area of town. Would you like to book a table?
No thanks. That's all I needed to know.|Sure. Is there anything else I can do for you before we go?
No, that should do it. Later.|Have a wonderful day!
I would like to find a cheap restaurant in the east part of town.|The Missing Sock serves International cuisine at a cheap price.  They are in the east part of town at Finders Corner Newmarket Road.
What is the phone number and postcode?|The missing sock's phone number is 01223 812660 and the post code is C B 25, 9 A Q. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Thank You|Thank you for using our system. Is that all you need today?
That's it. Thank you, goodbye|Thank  you for using the Cambridge restaurant system. Good bye.
Can you help me find a restaurant in the south that doesn't cost a lot of money. In fact, I need one that's quite inexpensive.|nandos is a nice place, it serves Portuguese food and it is in the cheap price range and the south part of town, is there anything else?
yes what is there address|Nandos's address is Cambridge Leisure Park Clifton Way C.B 1, 7 D.Y
Thank you good bye.|Goodbye.
Can you tell me what's interesting to do on the south side?|Byard art	is an art museum that is available.
That sounds like fun. Can you tell me the phone number?|01223464646 is their phone number. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I also want to find an Italian restaurant in the same area.|they are two. do you need the cheap or expensive one?
I'll take the cheap one. I don't need to book, but could you give me the postcode?|I have a moderate priced one, not cheap. It is pizza hut cherry hinton. Would you still like the phone number?
Yes please. I also need to postcode. I need to book a taxi from the restaurant to the museum. I'd like to leave the restaurant by 17:30.|The post code is cb17dy. I've booked your cab - it's a blue tesla.
Can I have the contact number for the taxi?|I'm sorry, it's 07086024268.  Can I help you with anything else today?
No, that's all I needed today. Thanks for your help. Goodbye!|Thank you for contacting the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Goodbye
Please find a place called Club Salsa.|Club Salsa Is located at 1 station road. Do you need any more information?
Wonderful. The address was exactly what I wanted. You're so efficient.|Great I am glad I could be of help.
I am also looking for a moroccan restaurant in the centre.|I'm sorry there are no moroccan restaurants in the centre of town.
Boo.  I guess I would be able to try a modern european food restaurant?|I recommend De Luca Cucina and Bar on 83 Regent Street. It is moderately priced and in the centre of town. Would you like me to book a reservation?
Sounds good! Please book a table for 3 on Friday at 13:00 and be sure to provide me with the reference number.|Your table has been successfully booked! Your reference number is GVN0GC4A. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
I also need a taxi to get me between the two places|I need some more information please.  When would you like to leave and when would you like to arrive?
Can you get me from Club Salsa to De Luca Cucina by 13:00 please?|Absolutely!  Your taxi has been booked.  It's a blue ford and the contact number is 07118061422.  Is there anything else that I can help you with?
No not that I can think of you have done everything for me. Thank you so much for your help.|No problem, have a wonderful day!
Hello, I'd like to get some info about a restaurant in Cambridge!|OK, do you need information on a specific restaurant or do you want me to run a search?
I want an expensive indian restaurant, please.|I have 14 entries showing. Would you like a certain area of town or I could recommend the cocum in the west area?
I'll give the Cocum a try. Please book a table for 6 for 12:45 on Thursday.|Reference number is : HEBFPW6J. Is there anything else?
I'm looking for a 3 star hotel to stay at.|I have one in the south and one in the centre.  They are both expensive, with free parking and wifi.  Can I help you make a booking at one?
I'll go with the one in the south. I need a room for 6 people, 5 nights from thursday.|gonville hotel is a nice place ,I will book it for you
Yes please.|Our reservation system seems to be having trouble. In the meantime let me double check on the amenities. The Gonville is a hotel rather than a guesthouse - is that okay?
Can you try that booking now and see if it will go through this time?|Unfortunately, the booking system is still down.
Can you find a taxi for me?|What time will you need a taxi?
I need to leave the hotel and arrive at the reestaurant by 12:45|Booking was successful. Reference number is : F5HL5G1J.  is for your hotel.
Thats it thanks|Glad I can help. Do you need anything else ?
I'm sorry, what did you say? Is that reference number for the hotel or taxi?|That's the reference number for the hotel.
Okay can you do the taxi now please?|Yes, a red skoda is booked now. The number is 07003213138
Great, that's all I need. Ta ta.|Have a wonderful day and enjoy your trip. Goodbye.
Hi, can you please give me information on theatres in town?|I have 5 theaters located in the centre and south which area would you like?
There is no specific area.|I see. What sort of information can I help you with?
I am looking to get an address and entrance fee for a theatre. Can you search for one for me using the criteria I mentioned earlier?|The address for adc theatre is park street.
Is there a entrance fee? I am also looking for a cheap north american restaurant to dine at on the east side. Any recommendations?|Entrance fee is not mentioned. There are no restaurants in that area that fit your criteria. Is there something else I can look up for you?
Are there any serving international cuisine in the same area and price range?|The Missing Sock is an international restaurant in the East and has a cheap price range. Would you like a reservation?
Yes, get me a table for 3 at 15:30 on Saturday.|I have made those reservations and the reference number is Y40MJDC0.
Great, thanks for your help!|Can I help you with anything else today?
No that will be all! Thank you!|Fantastic, have a great day!
I want to visit a sports centre that allows for multiple different sports.|There is a mutliple sports attraction called the Cherry Hinton Village centre in the east, would you like the address?
I am looking for something in town centre, is there a place for multiple sports in that area?|The only multiple sports center is in the east.  Would you like to try a different attraction in the centre?
I there a college instead?|There are 13 colleges in the centre. If you are looking for a recommendation, I would definitely suggest Hughes Hall. They have free admission and are located on Wollaston Road.
Could you give the the phone number for that one?|The phone number for Hughes Hall is 01223334898. Is there anything else I can help with?
I am also looking for an expensive Chinese restaurant in the same area.|The Ugly Ducking is in the expensive price range in the town of Centre.  Would you like more information or for me to book for you?
I just need the phone number please.|There is no phone number listed for them I would suggest sending them an email.
Can you help me book a taxi from Hughes Hall to the Ugly Ducking by 11:30?|I have booked your taxi. Be expecting a yellow Tesla. If you need to reach them, please call 07795998512.
Thanks so much you've been a huge help|You are welcome it is my goal to provide great service!  Enjoy your stay.
Thanks! Looking forward to it!|You're welcome. Have a great day.
I am looking for a cheap restaurant in the north part of town.|There are two restaurants that fit your criteria, would you prefer italian or indian food?
Let's try indian, please|royal spice serves indian food in the cheap price range and in the north part of town. is there anything else i can help you with?
What is the name of the Italian restaurant?|da vinci pizzeria
What is the address and phone number?|The address for Da Vinci Pizzeria is 20 Milton Road Chesterton and the phone number is 01223 351707.
Thanks so much!|Thank you. Good bye
I am looking for a place to eat in the moderate price range serving Indian food.|There are 4 places serving indian food in the moderate price range. Do you have a preferred area to dine at?
The west.|I have narrowed it down to Meghna which serves Indian Food. Would you like me to book this for you?
Yes. could you please make a reservation for Saturday for 7 people at 15:00?|Sorry, that time slot doesn't work for what you would like. Would you like to change the day or time?
How about 14:00 then?|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Reference number is : NR6VPA82.
Excellent, that's all I need. Thank you!|Thank you so much have a great day!
Could you repeat the reference number please.|Reference number is : NR6VPA82.
Thanks again for all your help.|You are very welcome. Feel free to call again in the future. Have a great morning.
I would like a moderately priced Indian food please.|I have 4 different indian restaurants all over the city. Is there a certain area you prefer?
How about the west? I will need a table for 4 on Friday at 13:15.|The only moderate Indian restaurant in that area is Meghna, and they are not available for that time. Can I try something else?
Is there anything available for 12:15 on Friday?|Yes, that worked. You are set for 12:15 and the reference number is ABC08P2A.  Can I be of further assistance?
I will need a taxi to take me there.|Can you please tell me where you will be leaving from so I can book your taxi?
Nevermind, I'm sorry. I think I'm all set.|Alrighty. Have a good day!
Hello.  I'm trying to find a restaurant that serves Swiss food.  Can you recommend anything to me?|Unfortunately there are no restaurants that serve Swiss food in this area. Would you consider trying a different cuisine?
Oh okay. What are my choices for British food then?|There are several restaurants that serve British food in this area. Cotto has great food in a moderate price range. It is located at 183 East Road City Centre.
What is the phone number?|Their phone number is 01223 302010.
Thank you, goodbye.|Thank you. Good bye
I would like to find a restaurant that serves Turkish food in the centre please.|There are 3 Turkish restaurants in the centre, did you have a price range?
I'd like someplace expensive, please.|Great, I have found Meze Bar Restaurant, they are located in the area of Centre, serve Turkish food and is expensive, how many can I book for and what time please?
I need a table for five at 18:30 on Friday, and I need the reference number too.|I've successfully booked your table. Your Reference number is : AD41BY5A. Can I help you with anything else today?
Yes, I need a train to Kings Lynn on Saturday.|Certainly, there are 19 trains to Kings Lynn saturday, do you have an arrival or departure time preference?
How about 15:00?|I'm sorry. Was that an arrival time or a departure time?
It should leave after 9:45.|How about train TR9680? It leaves at 10:11 and will arrive at 10:58. Would you like me to book?
Yes I would like you to book that.|How many tickets do you need for that train?
I would need 5 tickets. Can you provide me with the reference number once it is booked? Thanks.|Your booking request was successful! the total fee is 39.2GBP and your reference number is FILYRUYS. Can I help you with anything else?
That should be all, thank you.|Thank you. Have a great day.
I'm looking for a restaurant in the centre that serves seafood. Can you help?|I have one, Loch Fyne. Would you like to make a booking?
Yes please, do you know how much it costs?|The restaurant is expensive.
I would like to book somewhere with moderate prices. What other options do I have?|I have 21 restaurants in the moderate price range but none serve seafood, would you like to try another type of food?
How about one that serves modern european.|I have the riverside brasserie located at doubletree by Hilton Cambridge Granta Place Mill Lane. Would you like reservations?
yeah, i need reservations for 6|When would you like those reservations?
I'd like them for Friday at 18:15, please. Table for 6.|Would you like a reference number?
Of course I'd like the reference number.|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Reference number is : BLM7RVCW.
thank you that will be all|Have a great day!
Hi, I need to locate a particular restaurant please.|I can help with that. What's the name?
It is the Pizza Hut City Centre.  I'd like to eat there on Monday if you could reserve a table for me.|sure, how many people will be in your party?
We'll need a table for 4, please. I'd love it if we can get the 15:15 time slot.|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Reference number is : N0LQRA43.
I also need to find a train that leaves on the same day as my reservation and would allow to arrive by  10:00.|I'll be glad to help with that. Where would you like to depart from and arrive at?
I need to depart from london kings cross and go to cambridge.|the TR9276 arrives by 8:08, will that be alright?
Yes, I will need 4 tickets.|OK, you have 4 seats reserved on TR9276. The total fee is 94.4 GBP payable at the station. Reference number is : Z3HYLOYM.
Thats great thanks so much for all the help.|thank you and enjoy your stay in Cambridge!
Please find an expensive restaurant in the centre.|There are many to choose from.  What kind of food are you interested in?  Asian, gastropub, indian, eupopean?  Any idea?
A gastropub sounds great.|I suggest the slug and lettuce on Green Street. Would you like me to make a booking?
Yes, please, I need a table for 8 on Tuesday at 17:45.|I got your table all booked, your reference # is: O33823V4.  Can I help with anything else today?
I'd like to find a place to go in town|Anything in particular you like to do?
How about a multiple sports place near that restaurant.|the cherry hinton village center is in the east, would you like the address?
No thanks, I just need the phone number please.|01223576412 is the phone number.  What else can I assist you with today?
I also need a taxi to go between the two.|Sure, where and when would you like to be picked up?
I will need to be picked up by 5.|Which place do you want to be picked up from?
From the Cherry Hinton Village Center, please.|Okay, I have booked your taxi. It will be a black Volkswagen and your contact number is: 07019317320. Is there anything else?
Nope.  I am all done. Thanks.|You're welcome, have a great day.
I want British food that is moderately priced.|There are several restaurants serving british food.  Would you prefer the centre or west part of town?
How about the West part of town.|Saint Johns Chop House matches your request.  It is located at 21-24 Northampton Street c.b 3, 0 A.D, the phone number is 01223 353110.
Thank you goodbye.|Thank you, goodbye.
Can you find me a train leaving from London Liverpool Street?|Of course! When would you like to travel?
I'd like to leave cambridge after 18:15 on Wednesday.|No train at that time do you want to change the time to 09:39?
That is fine.|TR2823 is leaving london liverpool street to cambridge at 19:39, would you like me to book you passage?
Yes, please. I'll be needing tickets for 3 people.|I have booked 3 tickets for you at on TR2823. The total fee will be 49.8GBP.
I also need the reference number.|Ah, yes. Your reference number is D7RN1KYW. Is there anything else I can do for you?
There is a restaurant called Eraina, I would like to book a table for 3 at 21:00?|Which day would you like the reservation for?
For Wednesday, please.|It is booked up then, another time perhaps?
How about 20:00?|You are booked. Remember the restaurant will only hold the table for 15 minutes. Your reference number is KFYPO6NQ. Can I assist you with anything else?
No, that's all. Thank you very much.|Thank you! Have a wonderful day!
Tell me a good nightclub.|Sure, there are 6 fantastic nightclubs in Cambridge. They're located in the centre or south. Would you like more information?
Yes, please may I have the postcode for the first one listed?|Sure. Ballare is in the centre, postcode cb23na. Anything else I can do?
Yes. I would like an expensive restaurant in the same area.|There are 33 expensive restaurants in the centre of cambridge - are you looking for a particular type of cuisine?
Yes. I would like a French restaurant please.|There is a delicious french restaurant called Cote.  Would you like a reservation?
I actually need a place serving modern european food, please.|There is one expensive restaurant in the centre of town that serves modern european food. Would you like me to book you a table at Darrys Cookhouse and Wine Shop?
Yes, please book at table for 4 at 19:15 on Saturday.|I have your reservation all set. Your reference number is X0TX9LWM. Your table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Anything else I can do for you?
That's everything I needed. Thanks!|Glad I could help! Thanks for using Cambridge TownInfo Centre today.
I need to find a restaurant in Cambridge called the Golden Wok please.|I have found a Golden Wok at 191 Histon Road Chesterton.
Great, can you please book a table for 2 at 19:30 on Monday?|Yes, I will book your table for 2 at the Golden Wok on Monday at 19:30, would you like a reference number?
Great, thank you, yes I would like a reference number. If the booking fails, I would like to try for 18:30 instead.|I was able to book a reservation for 18:30 on Monday. Your reference number is YT9NB9YW. Can I help you with anything else?
Yes I need a train for Tuesday that arrives by 19:15.|Where do you need this train to pick you up?
I'll be going from cambridge to broxbourne.|I have 14 trains that match your preferences, leaving one minute after the hour every hour starting at 05:01 and ending at 18:01.  Which train would you like to book?
I need on that arrives by 19:15 please|The TR7656 leaves at 09:01 and arrives by 10:01. Is that okay?
Yes that should be fine, thank you for your help.|Is there anything else I can do for you today?
Yes, I need the travel time and departure time of the train.|The train departs Cambridge at 09:01 and the travel time is 60 minutes.  Your train will arrive in Broxbourne at 10:01.  Can I help you with anything else?
Actually, could you check to see if there is a train that will arrive by 19:15 rather than 10:01. I'd really prefer the earlier arrival.|10:01 is 9 hours,14 minutes before 19:15, so it's definitely an earlier train. If you would like to arrive closer to 19:15, though, there is a train that arrives at 19:01.
I think that could be okay|TR5484 is the train that arrives by 19:01. Would you like to book it?
No thank you. I just need the the departure time and the travel time, please.|TR 5484 departs Cambridge at 18:01 and take 60 minutes to get to Broxbourne.
Thank you very much.|Is there anything else you need?
No, I think that covers everything. Thanks for all of your help.|You're welcome. Have a nice day.
I am looking for a restaurant in the moderate price range that serves bistro type food.|I apologize but I was not able to find a moderately priced bistro.  Would you be interested in a different type of restaurant?
How about one that serves british food then?|I have found a few British restaurants in  your price range. Do you want a specific part of town?
No, could you recommend me a place? I'm looking for to book a table for 2 on Thursday at 11:30.|Okay, I've booked you at the Oak Bistro with reference number ANAMHNOW. May I help with anything else?
No thank you. It's perfect. Thank you for your help.|Have a great day
I need to take a train that goes to Cambridge and arrives by 16:45.|Where will you be going?
I'll be leaving from London Liverpool Street. Oh, and I'd like to travel on Saturday, please.|There are 6 trains to choose from that day, do you have a specific time you'd like to leave?
I need it to arrive by 6:30 and I need it for 3 people.|Ok. TR7909 leaving at 23:39 and arriving at 01:07 is booked for 3 people. Reference 00PENVQG. 39.83 payable at the station
Thanks. Can you also tell me some information on the Maharajah Tandoori restaurant?|The maharajah tandoori restaurant serves indian foodon the west side. It is in the expensive price range. Their address is 41518 Castle Street City Centre. Anything else?
That's all. Thank you.|Have a nice train trip!
Hi, I'd like some info on where to eat in Cambridge!|I would love to help! What kind of food do you prefer?
I like expensive Chinese food.|I have results for 9 expensive Chinese restaurants, what area are you looking to dine in?
I would be interested in dining in the North.|There are 2 in the north. One is Hakka and the other is The Hotpot. Which would you prefer?
I will take a table for 6 at Hakka for 13:30 on Wednesday, please.|I was able to book you for a table for 6 on Wednesday at 13:30.  Your Reference number is : 5PTMTL2C.  Is there anything else you need?
Would alike a hotel in the East with free WiFi and free parking that is a 3 star.|Sorry, no records found. Would you care to try a different area or star rating?
Okay could you try the north then instead?|I have found the Hamilton Lodge which meets your criteria. Would you like me to book it for you?
Yes. Please book the lodge for 6 people for 3 nights starting on Wednesday.|Booking was successful, your reference number is BCUQ481V, is there anything else?
Great, that's perfect. Are you able to find us a taxi, too? That would be awesome if you can.|I sure can, what time would you like to be picked up and where are you leaving from?
I need to be picked up from the hotel and get to the restaurant by the booked time.|I was able to get you a taxi it is a white tesla contact number is 07305303624. Is there anything else I can assist with today?
That will be all, thanks. Have a good day|Have a wonderful night and best wishes on your trip.
Hi, I am traveling to Cambridge and am looking forward to trying some local restaurants.  Can you help me with a great place to dine?|What area and what price range would you be interested in ?
I am looking for an expensive place in any area.|What type of food would you like?
British food. And some where in the Centre.|I have 3 places to choose from. All are expensive. I have Fitzbillies, The Cambridge Chop House and Midsummer House Restaurant. Can I reserve a table for you?
Fitzbillies sounds unique, can you book me for 5 people at 17:00 on tuesday?|I have your reservation for tuesday at 17:00 with 5 people, your reference number is UAZUXKIR.  Can I help you with anything else?
Since I'll already be in town, I'd like to check out some colleges in the same area as the Fitzbillies|I have many,does it matter if there an entrance fee?
No, as long as it is in the same area as the restaurant.|Can I recommend king's college,it is a beautiful college in the centre of town.
What is the postcode and phone number?|The phone number is 01223331100 and the postcode is cb21st.  Is there anything else I can help you with?
no, that will be all. goodbye.|Thank you for using our system today.
I'm looking for a restaurant named Panahar.|Ok. Would you like me to make a reservation at panahar?
Yes, for five people.|Ok for what day and time please?
That information is at 13:45 on sunday.|The booking was unsuccessful.  Is there another time you would like me to look for?
Is there another restaurant in the area for us at this time within the same price range?|There are 33 restaurants that satisfy your preferences. Are you keen on eating a particular cuisine?
I don't have any preferences. Pick one you like.|I booked you a table in kymmoy. They serve asian oriental cuisine. Your reference number is W8M1HZ59.
Thank you! Have a nice day!|You are welcome. Enjoy your evening!
I am looking for a hot nightclub around the centre.|There are five nightclubs in the centre. Is there another way I can narrow it down?
Please recommend one that sounds interesting, and give me the entrance fee, address, and postcode.|The club salsa is located on 1 station road. The postcode is cb12jb and the entrance fee is 5 pounds. Is there anything else I could help you with?
I'd like to find somewhere to eat, preferably on the cheap side and serving eritrean.|I am unable to find anything that matches is there something else you would like to eat
How about Chinese food?|There are a few to choose from. Charlie Chan could be good, it's also in the centre. Would you like me to book you a table?
Yes please. Book it for 6 people on Monday at 15:15.|I'm so sorry, but they were unable to accommodate that day and time. Would you like to try for a different time slot or another day?
Yes,what is another good time available for Tuesday night?|I have tried different restaurants and different times for Monday, but there doesn't seem to be availability.  Would you like another day or maybe a different food type?
Could you try it for 14:15? Any cheap Chinese place will do, it doesn't have to be in the centre.|No problem, I have you booked for 6 people at The Lucky Star on Monday, at 14:15. Your reference number is VU6VN1X4. Anything more?
I would also like to book a taxi to go from the nightclub to the restaurant, arriving by the reservation time.|Alright, I have booked your taxi to go between the two destinations. You will be riding in a Black Toyota. Is there anything else I can do for you?
Could I get the contact number for the taxi company as well please?|The contact number of the taxi is 07791994031. Anything else I can help with?
No, that's all. Thank you.|You're are very welcome. Have a great day.
Yeah, could you recommend a good gastropub?|Backstreet Bistro. It's expensive though. There is a moderately priced one called The Cow Pizza Kitchen and Bar if preferred.
I would like to book a table at the Backstreet Bistro for 5 people at 16:00 on Thursday.|No problem.  That is booked for you and your reference number is 2VE84YC5.  Is there anything else I can book for you?
Yes, any suggestions of museums found in the east area of town?|Yes, Gallery at Twelve a High Street is excellent, and has free admission.  Would you like more information?
Can I please have the phone number and address for that place?|Certainly! The address for gallery at twelve a high street is fulbourn and the phone number is 01223295264. Can I help you with anything else?
Great that's all the information I needed today, thank you!|You are very welcome.  Have a nice day.  Good bye.
I am looking for a train going to Cambridge after 12:15|Where will you be departing from and what time do you want to arrive in Cambridge?
I will be leaving on Sunday from london liverpool street. I just need to leave after 12:15.|The train closest to the time when you can depart leaves London Liverpool Street on Sunday that 13:39.  Would you like to book it?
What is the price?  I'd like to book.|It is 13.28 per seat. How many tickets did you need?
Just 1 ticket please, and I am also looking for a cheap restaurant located in the west, can you help me find one?|I have successfully booked you a train on train #TR6578. Would you like a reference number?
No, I need a cheap restaurant located in the west that serves Vietnamese food.|The thanh binh restaurant is in the west and serves vietnamese food. They are in the cheap price range. Would you like to make a reservation?
Yes, I'd like to make a reservation that evening at 8:00 p.m.|Great! How many people will you need to book the reservation for at Thanh Binh?
I would like you to book it for 1 person. Thank you.|I am having a problem booking your reservation.  There phone number is 01223362456.  If you call back in awhile, we can try booking the reservation again.
Could you find another cheap Vietnamese restaurant on the west side of town?|I'm sorry thanh binh	 is the only restaurant serving vietnamese food in the west in the cheap price range. Would you like to try a different time?
I don't need a reservation. Just the postcode, address, and phone number for Thanh Binh, please. Thank you.|The postcode is cb30af, the address is 17 Magdalene Street City Centre, and the phone number is 01223362456. Anything else I can help you with today?
No, I'm all set. Thanks!|Thank you for using our service. Have a great day!
Can you suggest any museums?|There are a wide variety of museums, do you know which area you'd like to visit?
What do you think is the best museum in the city?  Just let me know the name, phone number and area of city.|I would highly recommend Cambridge Artworks, the gallery is stunning. It is located at 5 Greens Road in the East.
I am also looking for a place to eat, are there any that serve european food in the cheap price range?|I have the river bar and steakhouse on Quayside Off Bridge Street
Is this a restaurant or a bar?|This is a restaurant, anything listed under restaurant is a restaurant and not a bar.  Would you like me to book you?
Sure, let's book it for 7 people on sunday, let's say around 19:45 please.|I am sorry but I was unable to book you at that time.  Would you like to try another time or day?
Can you try the same day and number of people at 18:45?|The booking was successful. Please remember the table is only reserved for 15 minutes. Your reference number is SC7WR3PE.
Thanks. I would also like to book a taxi between the two places.|Would you like to specify a departure or arrival time?
I need to arrive by 18:45|I was able to book your taxi. It is a grey bmw and contact number is 07373540182
Thats all I needed, thanks|You're welcome. Let us know if we can be of anymore assistance. Enjoy your stay.
Hi there, I'm hungry. Please help me find a cheap place that serves the americas food|Oh no!  We don't have anywhere that matches that description.  Is there something else I can do for you?
What kind of food is offered in the centre?|There is asian oriental, chinese, indian, italian, mediterranean, modern european, portuguese, and spanish. Which would would you like?
Ooh, mediterranean, please.|You'll love the gardenia. Can I book you a table?
Yes please book a table for 4 at 19:15 on wednesday|Your reservation is all set! Your reference number is RD7BJGH1. Is there anything else I can do for you?
I am also looking for a train to Cambridge.|What location will you be departing from?
Which location is best?|Any location is great there are many trains. Also what day and time do you need the train?
Actually, I need to depart from Bishops Stortford. I need to arrive by 12:30 on Wednesday, please.|Okay! The latest train you can take leaves at 11:29. Would you like to take that one?
It depends on what the travel time is. Do you have the travel time please?|The train will take 38 minutes between the two places.
Ok great that will work.  Can you book it for me?|How many people will be taking the train?
I need 4 tickets please.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 40.4 GBP payable at the station .
Reference number is : RQ2ETGPC.
Thank you, that's all I need today.|you are welcome. enjoy your day.
Hi, would you be able to recommend a museum?|Sure.  There are 23 different museums in the city.  Is there an area of town or type of museum you were most interested in?
I don't have a preference. Can you please recommend one?|I would recommend the byard art. Will that work?
That would be perfect. May I get the area, phone number and address?|Yes, the address is 14 King's Parade.  Was there anything else you would like to know?
What about the area and phone number?|The Byart Museum is located in the South area and the phone number is: 01223464646.
I am also looking for a restaurant.|What type of cuisine you looking for so I can narrow my search ?
A Swiss restaurant in the West.|I'm sorry, I'm not finding any Swiss restaurants in the West. Would you like to try a different type of cuisine?
Can you please try Indian food instead.|There are 6 Indian restaurants in the west. They are all expensive. I recommend cocum.
Alright, can you book that for me? 2 people for monday at 19:15. I will need a reference number as well|I am sorry, but it appears that the restaurant booking system is down right now.  Can I help you with something else?
Can you help me get a taxi?|Certain, do you want that to or from the restaurant?
I will be going from the museum to the restaurant.|Do you know what time you would like to arrive since our system is down for booking the restaurant?
Can you try to book at 18:15 instead first, no sense in setting a taxi time to the restaurant without a reservation|I was able to book that for you. Your reference number is SSCJDA5F.
Great! I want to make sure the taxi arrives at the restaurant by the booked time.|You taxi booking has been completed! Lookout for a blue skoda, contact number 07784289735. Can I help with something else?
I have the museum, restaurant and taxi lined up. That's everything. Thank you for your assistance. Goodbye.|Have a wonderful trip and thank you for calling Cambridge TownInfo centre.
I want a moderate priced restaurant in the west part of town.|There are three moderately priced restaurants in the west part of town.  What type of food would you like?
I don't care. can i also have the postcode and phone number ?|meghna is in the west part of town and serving indian food, the phone number is 01223727410 and postcode is CB43LF.  Is there anything I can help you with?
No that is all. Thank you, goodbye.|Have a good evening.
Cheap restaurant in the north. address and phone number, please.|There are two restaurants in the cheap category in that area. Would you prefer Italian or Indian?
I would prefer Italian.|da vinci pizzeria is located at 20 milton road chesterton and they can be reached at 01223 351707
Thank you goodbye.|Thank you for using Cambridge restaurant system. Good bye.
I am looking for a pricey place to stay.  Please help me if you can.|I have several options what area do you want to stay in?
I want to stay on the south side of town in a 3 star hotel that also has free wifi. Do you have any suggestions?|The lensfield hotel fits your needs, would you like info or a booking?
Can you please book it for me?|Sure, but I'll need some additional information.  How many days shall I book for?  When would you like to check in?
I want to book it for 4 nights on a Thursday for 7 people. Can I have the reference number?|Booking was successful. your Reference number is : 2AGDQCL1. is there anything else i can help you with?
I am also looking for a place to dine near the hotel.|Sure thing what kind of food are you wanting?
I'd like an indian restaurant in the expensive range in the south please.|Taj tandoori fits all your criteria. Would you like me to book you a table?
Yes, please.  It'll be for the same seven people at 12:45 on the same day.|Your booking for the restaurant was successful. Your reference number is LOM2SXEF.  It is on the same day. Is there anything else?
Yes, I'll also need a taxi to commute between the two places. I'll need to arrive at the restaurant by the booked time.|Okay, I've reserved your taxi, a red toyota that will pick you up at the hotel. Please call 07100946060 to confirm pick up time.
thanks. i didnt realize the time. i need to go. but thanks for everything. bye.|Have a lovely day, goodbye!
I need help finding a very cheap restaurant located in the centre, can you help me?|What type of food are you looking to eat?
I am looking for a restaurant in the centre area in the cheap range. I would like a table for 7 people at 12:30 on Wednesday.|There are 15 such restaurants. I'd suggest the Dojo Noodle Bar which serves Asian Oriental food. Would that work for you?
Yes, the Dojo Noodle Bar sounds perfect.|Booking was unsuccessful. Want to try another restaurant?
Sure, find me something else.|I was able to book a table for you at Charlie Chan Chinese restaurant on Regent Street.  Reference number Z3FWSA48.  Will that be all?
Yes thank you for your help.|Yes. Thank you very much!
I am looking for a greek restaurant on the east side of town.|we dont have any by your choice. maybe if you can choose another location
tang chinese.
Once you find the restaurant you want to book a table for 6 people at 16:45 on tuesday|I am unable to locate this specific restaurant. Would you consider a different Chinese restaurant?
Are you sure? Could you please remove my eastern Greek preference and look by name for Tang Chinese?|our records don't have that specific restaurant. any other preference?
Are you sure? I really need to find a place called tang chinese.|Yes, I have found Tang Chinese.  It is located in the centre with an expensive price range, shall I book you a table?
Yes, for 6 on Tuesday at 16:45.|Okay, the booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Your reference number is LEZO9G3L.
I'm looking for a train from stansted airport to cambridge and should arrive by 09:30, the same day as the restaurant booking.|TR5077 leaves at 08:24 and arrives by 8:52.  Would that work for you?
yes. can i get the travel time please?|The travel time is 28 minutes, do you need a booking?
Actually I just needed the trains information. Thatll be everything thanks for the help|Thank you for calling. I hope you enjoy your trip. Goodbye.
I am looking for a restaurant in the centre in the cheap price range|We have 15 restaurants that fit that price range. Is there a specific type of food that you are looking for so I can narrow it down a bit more?
How about an Indian or Thai place?|There are no Thai restaurants. There are three Indian restaurants called Kohinoor, the Gandhi, and mahal of Cambridge. Which one do you prefer?
Are there any spanish food restaurants?|Yes, there is one called La Raza that fits your requests. Would you like me to book a table for you?
Are there any that serve Catalan cuisine specifically?|I'm afraid we don't have any Catalan restaurants.
Then go ahead and book La Raza for me. We have 4 people at 17:00 on Monday.|That restaurant is not available at that time. Do you want me to try another time?
Can you look for a restaurant in the same area and price range?|I got you booked at the Kohinoor, your reference number is: 7Q9M2VYF. Is there anything else I can do for you?
Okay great! Thank you so much.|Enjoy the rest of your day
Hello are there any cheap European restaurants in town?|Yes, I found one located in the centre of town called The River Bar Steakhouse and Grill. Would you like more information?
Is there anything in the north part of town?|Nothing of that criteria in the area. Shall I try again with another criteria?
Can you look for Italian food instead?|I have the Da Vinci Pizzeria in the north. It is a cheap restaurant. Can I reserve you a table?
Yes I would like to reserve a table there. May I have the address please?|Yes.  The address is 20 Milton Road, Chesterton.  So that I can reserve a table, how many will be in your party?
One in my party.  I'm also looking for a train to get to bishops stortford, can you help me with that too?|I'd be happy to reserve your table; what day and time will you be dining?
I will be leaving cambridge on wednesday after 20:00 to bishops stortford.|What time would you like your reservation to be?
I don't need a reservation for the restaurant.  I need to find a train from cambridge to bishops stortford.|What day and time would you like travel?
I would like to leave Wednesday after 20:00.|Is there a time you would like to arrive by?
No. Please send me the Train ID and arrival time.|There is one leaving at 	21:29 and arriving at 22:07, TR4863. Would you like me to book it?
No, I got all that I need. Goodbye.|Thank you for contacting Cambridge TownInfo centre.  I hope you have a pleasant trip!  Goodbye!
Are there any casual restaurants in the south?|Yes. Would you like an expensive, cheap or moderately priced restaurant?
I would like it to be in the moderate price range.|I found 2 moderately priced restaurants in the south. One serves Italian and the other Modern European food. Would you like me to book at one of these?
Modern European sounds wonderful.  Yes, please book a table for 1 at 14:45 on Friday.|That wasn't available.  I did book you in the other one though.  The Pizza Hut in Cherry Hinton is located on Clifton Way.  Reference number P2O7ES3D.  Will that be acceptable?
Yes, that would be fine.  Thank you for your help today.  Bye.|You're welcome. Good-bye.
Hi, I can't wait to get to Cambridge and am especially excited about seeing some local tourist attractions.  I could definitely use some help with the rest of my trip.|Cambridge has many important and historic sites to visit, can you tell me what types of attractions interest you most?
Actually, skip that. Let's see if there's a great restaurant to try instead. I am open as far as cuisine but want something expensive in the centre of town.|There are 33 restaurants including Bedouin which is African cuisine.
Sounds good, could you book me a table for 5 on Monday at 17:00?|Congradulatoions your reservation was successful. Your reference number is 4H8L8VFA
After dinner we would like to visit a park.  Can you find one for me.  Please let  me know the entrance fee, postcode, and area.  Thank you!|Sure, there are a number of parks.  Was there a specific area of town you were looking for?
I don't have a preference for the area.|I recommend Wandlebury Country Park on the south side of town.  Entrance is free and the postcode is cb223ae.
Thank you.  Could you also book a taxi to commute between the two places?|Definitely! What time would you like to leave Bedouin?
No, I need a taxi to Bedouin. I want to arrive by the booked time.|Your taxi reservation was successful. The contact number is 07420542713. Is there anything else I can do for you?
Great. what kind of car will I be riding in so I don't get into the wrong one?|Red toyota, they can be reached at 07420542713 if there are issues, any other questions today?
Thank you so much for your help.|You're welcome.  Have a wonderful day!
I need a place to stay and I want it to be a guesthouse.|There are 24 guesthouse listings. What area would you like to stay in?
I like the south part of town and should include free wifi|I have the aylesbray lodge, bridge guest house or rosa's bed and breakfast. Would you like to book one today?
Does either have free parking?|Yes, they both do. Shall I book one?
Yes, please book for Thursday for 2 nights and 3 people.|I was able to book it for you. Your reference number is NIFUTFQF.
Thank you. Can you also help me find a restaurant that is expensive and in the same area as the hotel?|There are 5 expensive restaurants on the south side. You can pick from Chinese, Indian, Italian, or Mexican. Or, can I find something else for you in another area or pricerange?
Mexican sounds good. Please book it for the same day --Thursday and for the same three people at 17:30.|Your booking was successful they will hold your table for 15mins. Your reservation number is YOLN1H2G. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Perfect, thanks! Can you also find me a taxi to commute between the two places? I'd like to get to the restaurant in time for that reservation.|aylesbray lodge guest house to chiquito restaurant bar                                                                                                                            Booking completed!
Booked car type	:	yellow bmw
Contact number	:	07430668137
Thanks a lot goodbye|Would that be all?
I want to find a restaurant in any area and servings persian food.|Sorry, there are no restaurants serving Persian food available.  May I help you find a different sort of food?
vietnamese, please. Give me their address and phone number as well.|Yes, the restaurant name is Thanh Binh, the phone number is 01223 362456. The address is 17 Magdalene Street City Centre
Hi, I'm actually looking to stay at a luxury guesthouse.|The Arbury lodge guesthouse should work out for you.
does it have a rating of 4 stars?|The arbury does have 4 stars. It is moderate priced. Would you like that one?
Yes please that sounds good.|I need booking information,how many people,what day,and how many days you would like to stay.
I am looking to stay for 1 person, 4 nights, starting wednesday.|I'm sorry, but they don't have a room for that long. Would you like to shorten your stay?
Sure, let's try 2 nights instead.|Great! That worked and your confirmation code is 4MI69WKV.
Excellent! Now, what can you tell me about the Da Vinci Pizzeria?|It is located at 20 Milton Road Chesterton and offers Italian food at low cost. Would you like me to make a booking?
Sure and I would like the address also. Thanks|Absolutely, I have made the booking and the address is 20 Milton Road in Chesterton. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, that's all I need today. Thanks for all your help!|Oh, wait, I don't think I completed the booking at Da Vinci Pizzeria we were talking about. If you'd still like it I'll need a time, day, and number of people.
No that's ok. I just needed the address, no booking. Thank you!|You are welcome.  If you need anything in the future, please let us know.
Have a great day! Thank you for your help!|Your very welcome! Enjoy your stay!
Yes, I'm looking for a restaurant in the east part of town serving international food.|The Missing Sock is in the east part of town and it serves International food.
May I have their phone number, please?|The phone number for The Missing Sock is 01223 812660.
Okay, thank you|Is there anything else I can do for you?
Thank you for using our system and please return with any other inquiries.|You're welcome. Good bye.
Goodbye!|Have a nice day.
I'd like some information on a restaurant called Kymmoy, please.|Kymmoy is an asian oriental restaurant located at 52 Mill Road City Centre. It is in the expensive price range. Would you also like their phone number?
sure, and could you book a table for 3 at 12:45 on sunday. I would also like the reference number as well, thank you|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Your Reference number is : 4M02K9XY.
Thank you! Would you also be able to book a train for me?|Absolutely. Can you provide me with more specifics to narrow down your search?
I am looking for a train going to Cambridge departing from Norwich.|There are two trains you can take, one leaves at 10:16 and arrives at 11:35, or there is one that leaves at 11:16 and arrives at 12:35.
I would like this train to be on the same day of the restaurant booking and arrive by 8:00.|I can book passage for you on TR5163, arriving in cambridge at 7:35 on Sunday. How many tickets do you need?
I would like to know the approximate travel time and price per ticket for this particular train.|It costs 14.08 pounds per ticket, and the travel time is 79 minutes.
Thanks. Looks like that's all I need today. I appreciate your help.|I'm glad I could help. Have a wonderful day!
I'm looking for a 4 star hotel in the east.|My system is not pulling up any 4 star hotels in East.  Would you like to try a guesthouse or another area perhaps?
Can you check for ones with a cheap price range?|There are no cheap four star hotels in the area. Another criteria maybe?
In that case, how about just a hotel in the east that has free parking?|With those requirements, I do have one hotel in the east. It is expensive 2 star rated with both free parking and wifi. It is the Express by Holiday Inn Cambridge.
Oh man, I can't do expensive.  Is there a 4 star guesthouse that is cheap in the east perhaps?|I am sorry I have no cheap 4 star hotels, maybe a more realistic star rating?
Are you saying that there isn't even a cheap 4 star guesthouse on the east side? What kind of city is this?|My mistake. There are three cheap guesthouses. The Allenbell, Autumn House, and Leverton House all offer free parking. Would you like to make a booking?
I think you need to pay more attention, it's your job to be alert. Do they all have free internet?|Yes, all three of the guesthouses have free internet and free parking. Is there one that you would prefer?
Pick the most popular one,  I need their phone number as well and hotel type. If they have area and postal code , I will need it.|Leverton House is lovely. It's a guesthouse in the centre of town. The phone number is 01223292094, and the postcode is cb58rs. Would you like me to book that?
I'm also looking for a place to dine. The restaurant should serve Asian oriental food and should be in the same price range as the hotel.|I dont have any in the east. can I check another location?
The area is not important. I just need it to be asian oriental food and something cheap.|there is no restaurant in that side of  town serving your kind of food. can we change the cuisine?
How about Chinese in the east? It should still be in the same price range as the hotel.|I do not have anything. Can I try something else?
Can you check for asian oriental? I don't care what area it is in.|I can recommend dojo noodle bar in the centre.
Great, I just need the area and postcode please.|It is located in the centre and the postcode is CB21RQ.
I would like a taxi going to dojo noodle bar. I want to leave my hotel (Leverton House) by 07:30.|I was able to book your taxi per your request.  It will be a black tesla and the contact number is 07433186357.  Is there anything else today?
That is all for now. Thank you for all your help.|Okay. Thank you for calling.
Hello, I'd like some information on a train going to london liverpool street that arrives by 16:00|There are multiple trains. Where will you departing from and what day will you be traveling?
I'm departing on sunday.|The TR2141 leaves Cambridge at 13:59 on Sunday and arrives at London Liverpool Street at 15:27. Is that the train you need?
What is the total travel time?|The trip will take 88 minutes. Would you like me to make a reservation?
No,I am  also looking for a place to dine. The restaurant should serve British food and should be in the moderate price range|There are several restaurants that serve british food.  Would you prefer a restaurant in the centre or the west?
I just need it to be moderately priced so I can make a reservation.|Restaurant One Seven is moderately priced. Would you like me to make a reservation?
I'm looking for a restaurant in the cheap price range and in the north side of town.|We have an Italian and an Indian restaurant that are both inexpensive in the north part of town. Would you like the addresses of those?
I am really looking for  italian food.|Well here is Da Vinci Pizzeria in the north. It's cheap. 20 Milton Road Chesterton.
Yes, that would be fine. Can you book a table for 4 at 16:00 on Wednesday?|Absolutely. You're booked for 16:00 and the reference number is I3WAD456. Can I help you with anything else today?
Great! Yes, I'll also need to find a hotel with free parking and free wifi.|I would recommend the ashley hotel.
Actually, I apologize for not being more specific, I want to stay in a guesthouse|Is there a price range or area you prefer?
Yes I am looking for hotel that  is cheap have free wifi and free parking.|There are 9 cheaply priced guesthouses with free parking and Wifi. Is there are certain area of the city you'd like to stay in?
No, as long as it has free wifi and parking.|Alexander bed and breakfast is in the cheap price range and has both free parking and wifi, would you like a reservation?
No, just the address, area please.|alexander bed and breakfast address is 56 saint barnabas road in centre.
Great, thanks for the help!|Glad I could help. Do you need assistance with anything else today?
What area is that in|It is located in the city centre, anything else?
That is all. Thanks for the help! Bye!|I'm happy to be of service, and I hope you enjoy your stay in Cambridge!
I need a train to Kings Lynn.|What day would you be wanting to travel?
Friday please. From Cambridge leaving after 17:00|The earliest train leaving after 17:00 on Friday leaves at 17:11. Would you like me to book this train for you?
Can you give me the train ID on that one please?|That would be TR9226
Book it, please. I need a single ticket.|You have been booked for the train. Your reference number is 0UIC4MX9. Can I help you with anything else?
I am looking for a restaurant in the east that serves international food.|The the missing sock fits that criteria and is in the cheap price range. How else can I assist you?
Is there one in the expensive?|No. There are two moderately priced restaurants with international cuisine in the centre of town. Would you like to hear about those?
Hmmm....how about an expensive restaurant serving gastropub food in the east?|There's one restaurant that fits your requests, would you like me to book a reservation?
No thank you. Can I have to phone number and postcode for that restaurant?|The phone number is 01223247877. It's located in the cb13nl postcode.
Thank you so much. Have a nice day!|Have a great day as well.  I think you'll love the Royal Standard.
Thanks again for the information!|Have a great time.
Thank you, goodbye.|Thank you for using our service.
I am looking for a restaurant that serves British food and in the east part of town.|grafton hotel restaurant serves british food in the east area.
What is the address, phone number, and price range of the grafton hotel restaurant?|grafton hotel restaurant's address is 619 Newmarket Road Fen Ditton their phone number is 01223 241387 and it is listed in the expensive price range
Thank you, goodbye.|Thank you for using our system!  Have a great day!
Can I get some information on the Ali Baba restaurant?|Sure. Would you like to make a reservation?
Yes, for 3 people on Sunday at 14:00.|Will you be needing a reference number?
Yes, a reference number would be great! Could i also get information on the Ashley hotel?|Yes the Ashley hotel is moderately priced, 2 stars and on the north side.
That sounds great please make reservations for 3 people for 2 nights on sunday.|Your reference number is O39NTCEE. May I help you with anything else today?
I think you answered all my questions. Thanks so much. Have a great day. Goodbye.|You're very welcome! Thank you! Have a great day!
I want a place to stay in the east.|I have 6 guesthouses and 1 hotel on the east side. What's your price range?
Doesn't matter too much. I'd like a 4 star property, though, and would prefer one of the guesthouses.|I'd recommend allenbell on 517a coldham lane. Would you like me to book a room?
Could you give me their phone number?  I would like to verify that they have free parking.|Allenbell does have parking and the phone is 01223210353.  Can I help with anything else?
yeah, i need something to eat. i'm starving.|In what area of town?
I'm looking for australian food in the moderate price range, any area is fine.|I'm sorry, we do not have any Australian restaurants in the moderate price range. Would you like to choose an alternate food type?
I'd also like to try a Turkish restaurant. Is that possible?|I'm sorry but the only restaurants in that part of town serve either Asian food or African food.
I don't mind changing the area. I just need moderate pricing and want something that serves Turkish food.|i have 2 choices for you. anatolia is one and the other is efes restaurant. which do you prefer?
Lets try anatolia.|Ok great and when would you like a table booked?
For 4 people at 17:45 on friday please.|Ok, you have a table for 4 on thursday at 17:45. Reference number is : G684TD29. Can I help with anything else?
No that will be all. Thank you for your help! Goodbye|It's been a pleasure to help you.
Heya, can you find me an expensive restaurant with north african food?|I actually cannot find any expensive restaurants with north african food. There is however an expensive restaurant with african food. Would that be okay?
Are there any expensive restaurants with gastropub food?|Yes, I have 3. Two are located in the centre and one is located in the east. Do you have a preference?
Yes, the one in the east please.|One in the East is called Royal Standard. Can I book a table for you?
Yes, please book it for 2 people at 13:45 on monday.|I'm sorry that isn't available.  Can I try a different restaurant for you?
No thank you that will be all.|Is there anything else I can assist you with?
That was all thank you.|Thank you. Good bye
Can you find a place in town that serves Polynesian food?|Sorry, I couldn't find any of that food type.
Well, how about some other kind of food, in the cheap price range.  I think I'd like to stick to the north.|There is da vinci pizzeria, an Italian food place, and also royal spice, an Indian food place.
How about the Italian place, can you make a reservation?|I can definitely make a reservation. What day are you looking to book it?
Saturday at 13:00 please.  I need a table for 8.|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Reference number is : 93YHU8BN. anything else?
Nope, that is everything. Thanks!|I am glad I can help you. Have a wonderful day and thank you for using our services!
I'm looking for a restaurant called restaurant two two?|Restaurant Two Two is located at 22 Chesterton Road Chesterton. Would you like to book a reservation?
yeah i need a reservation for wednesday|for how many and what time please
I'd like to eat at 14:45. It will be three people.|your table has been reserved. The booking reference number is B1QT9YDW.
Hi. I'm looking for a particular hotel if you could help me with that?|Sure. Do you know the name of it?
It's called the A and B Guesthouse.  I'd like a 5 night stay for 4 starting on Monday.  Can I get a reference #?  Thanks!|I was able to book your party of four into A and B Guest House starting on Monday for 5 nights. Reference: CEREP94P. Can I assist further today?
Yes I would also like a place to dine in the north that serves asian oriental food.|There are a few options in the area.  Do you have a price range in mind?
No, just needs to be in the North and serve that food.|Saigon City will fit your needs do you need to book a table?
Yes.  I would like to book a table for four on Monday at 16:15.|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : Y7GC1VD7. Anything else I can help with?
That was all I needed today, thank you.|Thanks, please remember us for your future travel needs.
Hi I am looking for an entertainment venue in the centre of town.|Unfortunately, there is no such place in town. Could you like to consider other areas of town?
how about one that is in the type of cinema?|Vue cinema is available, they are at the grafton centre, east road, postal cb11ps, they can be reached at 08712240240, can I assist with anything else?
Yes, is there a restaurant also in that same area?|what price range do you want your restaurant.
I'd like to save some money for other things, so let's find one that's on the cheap, please.|There are 15 cheap restaurants in the centre. What type of food do you want to eat?
I don't care. What do you recommend out of those options?|The Dojo Noodle Bar is available, should I book it for you?
Yes. It'll be just me dining. I want to reserve thursday at 18:00 there. Give me the reference number too please|I am unable to book at this time.
Oh, that's too bad. How about Monday?|I am unable to make that booking for you. Would you like to make a reservation at another restaurant for Monday?
Try once more in case they fixed the system glitch, if not Ill try any other place that you recommend.|I am still unable to make that booking for you. Would you like to make a reservation at another restaurant for Monday?
Yes please that would be okay I guess.|How many people will be dining?
1 person at 18:00 on Monday, please.|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : XL39ZCSJ. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Can you have a taxi pick me up at vue cinema and bring me to the restaurant, arriving by 18:00?|A black toyota has been booked, and you can call 07409806592 to reach the driver if you need. Anything else today?
That's everything! thanks a bunch! bye!|I want to confirm your restaurant reservation is for Dojo Noodle Bar. Sorry for the previous delay. I am glad I was able to help you. Goodbye.
Can you help me find a 3-star hotel in the north of Cambridge?|I can book you at the Hamilton lodge if you would like.
I want a hotel that's in the moderate price range.|The Hamilton Lodge happens to be moderately priced and offers free wifi and parking, would you like me to book this hotel for you?
As long as it is a hotel and not any other type, then yes book it for me.|The Alpha Milton Guest House is of moderate price and located in the  north cambridge area.
Great can you book it for 2 people for 4 nights starting thursday?|Your booking was successful and your reference number is BOBT5BLT. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes. I also need to find a restaurant that serves chinese food.|There are 17 Chinese restaurants. Is there a particular price range or area you'd like?
I would like it also to be in the north and moderately priced.|I can recommend Golden Wok, would you like me to book a reservation there for you?
Yes, please book this.|What date, time, and party size would you like to book?
I don't need it booked. I just require the phone number. Thank you.|The phone number is 01223350688.  Is there anything else that I can do for you?
That is everything I needed for today. Thanks!|You're welcome!  You have a great day!
Hi, I'm looking for the Bridge Guest House.  Can you give the information about it please?|The Bridge guesthouse is in the south and is in the moderate price range, it has a 3 star rating. Would you like a reservation?
Yes.  I would like to book it for 3 nights for four people, starting on monday.|You are all set! The reference number is 8KYSNB3T. Do you need anything else?
I am also looking for a place to eat.  It should serve bistro food and be expensive.|I am sorry but there are no restaurants that match your request.  Would you like to try another type of food or price range?
Yes please, could you look for a chinese retaurant in the expensive range?|I have 9 Chinese restaurants available.  What part of town do you prefer?
It does not matter. Pick and book me at one on Monday, for four people at 13:00.|You are all booked for Yu Garden. Your reference number is WV60248M. They are located at 529 Newmarket Road Fen Ditton. Is there anything else you need?
I also need a taxi between the two places.|I'd be happy to help. Would you like to depart from the restaurant or the hotel?
The hotel please in a taxi|You're all set. A white ford has been reserved to take you to the yu garden by your 13:00 reservation. The number is 07050800030. Do you need anything else?
that's all! thank you!|It was my pleasure.
I'm looking for a 3-star hotel that offers free wifi|There are several options is there a specific area you are looking for?
I would prefer the North.|Okay, the Hamilton Lodge matches your specifications. Would you like me to book a reservation for you?
actually, is the hamilton lodge a guesthouse? I'd prefer a cheap guesthouse.|Hamilton Lodge is a guesthouse but it is in the moderate price range. There is a cheap guesthouse called Worth House that's rated 4 stars. Want more information on that one?
That sounds acceptable. Can you please book a room for me starting on Wednesday? It will only be me and I will be staying 5 nights.|Your reference number is ZJ0BD7WY. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
I am also looking to get some Italian food.|I have found several Italian restaurants. Is there a particular area or price range you are looking for?
Do you have one in the east, in the cheap price range?|Sorry, I don't see anything matching that query. Would you like to try a different price range or area?
Can you book it for Sunday and give me a reference number please..|Again, there are no restaurants matching your query. Please try a different price range, area, or food type.
Can you find one in the east with a different price range?|There is pizza hut fen ditton in the moderate price range in the east
Okay, I want to book that restaurant for 1 person|What time would you like the reservation for?
I would like the reservation on the same day at 11:00.|Sure, your booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : P8B1BVO7. Anything else I can help with?
No I am good to go now. Thanks, bye!|You're welcome and enjoy your stay.
I am looking to find a restaurant that serves swedish food and expensive.|I am sorry there are no restaurants that serve Swedish food in the expensive range.  Would you like to try another type of cuisine?
How about Indian or Italian then?|stazione restaurant and coffee bar is a nice place.Do you want the address ?
I am planning a trip to Cambridge|I am definitely assist with planning that trip.  Do you want to start with booking a train, or search a restaurant?
Let's book a train, I'll be departing from cambridge and going to broxbourne. Lets look for something on wednesday arriving in broxbourne by 19:00.|It seems there are thirteen trains to Broxbourne arriving by 19:00. What time would you like to leave?
We're not picky, please book any train arriving in Broxbourne by 19:00 for 4 people.|Okay, your booking was successful. Your total fee of 71.59 GBP is payable at the station. The reference number is B5E7R2LE.
Thanks! Now I need to find a Lebanese restaurant in the expensive price range. Can you help me find one?|I'm afraid there isn't an expensive Lebanese restaurant in the city.
Is there any in the East?|Unfortunately, the only Lebanese restaurant in town is moderately-priced. Would you like to book that restaurant or should I search for a different restaurant?
What about one that serves indian dood?|There are 4 indian restaurants in the east. Did you have a preference on price?
I'd like someplace expensive, please.|I have 2 that are expensive. May I suggest Sitar Tandoori? Would you like to book that?
Yes, I need a table for 4 people at 10:15 on Wednesday, if that day is not available then try Friday and provide the reference number.|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Reference number is : UYGNM1SV.
Thanks for all your help.  I think I'm good now.|You're welcome, have a great day!
I'm looking for a hotel in the south, and I'd like cheaper options please.|I've found the rosa's bed and breakfast which is a cheap guesthouse in the South. Would that work for you?
Does it have a star of 4?|Yes it does.
Great. Do they also offer free wifi?|They sure do. Would you like to make a reservation?
No, that's ok. Could you just give me the address and postcode and please let me know if they have free parking?|They're located at 53 Roseford Road in postcode cb22ha. And yes, they do offer free parking.
I am also looking for international food that is in the cheaper price range.|We have one restaurant that matches your needs, it's The Missing Rock in the east area. Would you like me to book for you?
No thank you- please just give me the address and phone number.|The address is Finders Corner Newmarket Road, and the phone number is 01223812660.
Do you see a Chinese restaurant in the same area as the hotel?|Sure!  I have three options for Chinese food in the south with both cheap and expensive price ranges.  What price range did you want for this restaurant?
There are going to be a lot of us, so something cheap would be best.|Your best choice would be The Lucky Star, which is on Cambridge Leisure Park. Would you like to make a reservation?
Yes for 7 people for 17:45 on a Monday.|I apologize but I was unable to book your party for that time.  Would you like to try a different time slot or a different day?
Can we make the reservation an hour later?|I'm sorry, that booking was unsuccessful, too. Would you like to try another time?
Yes how about for 16:45?|I have your table booked. The reference number is : GI0NB9LA. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, you have been very helpful thank you.|Let us know if we may help further. Thank you, good bye.
I am looking for a restaurant that serves gastropub food and is expensively priced.|I have 3 that match. One is in the east area and two are in the centre. Do you have a preference?
I have no preference, can you give me the postcode, phone number, and area for the closest one?|The backstreet bistro phone number is 01223306306 and the post code is cb12qa.
And what part of town is that in?|The Backstreet Bistro is in the town Centre. Do you want me to book you a table?
No I will just go there. Can you help me find some museums in the centre of town?|There are several museums in the center of town.  Is there anything in particular you are interested in seeing?
Is there one you would recommend and the address please?|I would recommend the Backstreet Bistro. Their address is 2 Sturton Street City Centre
Great, that's all I needed to know.|Great, enjoy your trip!
Thank you, goodbye again.|Thanks for using our system
Hello, I am looking for a restaurant that serves halal food.|I cannot find any restaurants serving halal food. Do you have any other preferences?
How about indian food?|The Cocum serves Indian food.
What is their address and phone number?|Their address is 71 Castle Street City Centre, their phone number is 01223 366668.
Is Cocum located in the east part of town?|No, the Cocum is located on the West part of town. Would you like me to find an Indian restaurant on the east part of town?
Correct|I have 4 Indian restaurants showing for the east part of town. They are Curry Prince, Pipasha Resteraunt, Rajmahal, and Sitar Tandoori.
Hey there.  I am trying to plan my trip for Cambridge and am trying to find this particular restaurant. It's called the Sesame Restaurant and Bar.|The Sesame Restaurant and Bar is in the centre. The address is 17 Hills Road City Centre.
I want to book a table for one for Tuesday 12:00.|I can do that, would you like anything else?
i need a train which goes to  birmingham new street and should arrive by 09:00|What day would you like to leave and what would your departure location be?
I need to leave on Wednesday and depart from Cambridge.|Would you like me to book that for you?
Um sorry but can we actually go back to the restaurant again really quick. Did you even really book that for me? I never got a reference number from you...|Booking is confirmed. Reference number is : WBI1HK2O. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Anything else I can assist you with?
That's it for now, thank you!|please contact us again in the future. goodbye.
Can you help me find a restaurant please?|Certainly, to narrow it down, do you have a preference for what part of the city it is in or what type of food is served?
I want one in the certre area and in the moderate price range.|I have found some restaurants. They serve asian oriental, british, chinese, european, gastropub, international, italian, lebanese, modern european, spanish, and turkish.
I don't care what type of food they serve.  What would you recommend?|I've heard good things about Riverside Brasserie, they serve Modern European cuisine. Would you like to see if they have tables available?
That sounds good, I have a group of seven and we want to eat at 20:00 on Friday.|Unfortunately I wasn't able to get the reservation for you. Would you like me to try somewhere else?
Can you recommend another moderately priced restaurant located in the centre?|What about the Copper Kettle? They serve British cuisine.
That would work, please book that.|Good news! Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Reference number is : ZXIRY17R.
Thanks for all your help. Good bye.|Thank you goodbye.
I've heard of your Museum of Classical Archaeology, and I'd like to know more about it.|The Museum of Classical Archaeology is in the west part of town. Would you like the address or phone number?
The west part of town? Sure, give me more info about it?|It's address is at sidgwick avenue and it is free to enter. Would you like their phone number as well?
No, but I need a cheap chinese restaurant nearby as well.|There aren't any cheap Chinese restaurants nearby but there are 4 in town. Would you be interested in any of those?
Yes, please.  I need it for 8 people at 14:00 Thursday and a reference number.|I have that booked for you at Charlie Chan's in the centre of town. Reference number E41S2AFE
I'll need a taxi to commute between the two.|I have you booked at charlie chan on thursday at 14:00 here is your Reference number is : E41S2AFE.
Can I please also book a taxi between the museum and the restaurant?|When would you like the leave and arrive by?
I don't mind what time we leave, but I need to arrive at the restaurant by 14:00.|I was able to book that taxi for you. Be looking for a black Skoda. Should you need to contact them, their phone number is 07389012325. Anything else?
What time did you book the taxi to pick me up at the museum?|They did not mention what time that would be, only that you'd be arriving at the restaurant by 14:00. Perhaps you can give them a ring at that contact number?
I'll do that. Could you please tell me once more the contact number and the car type?|The car type is a black skoda and the contact number is 07389012325. Is there anything else I can do?
That is all. Thank you.|Thank you and enjoy your visit. Have a great day.
Thank you once again for your help.|Please have a nice day.
I am  traveling to Cambridge and looking forward to try local restaurants.|sure, what can i help you find?
I'm looking for a place to eat in the centere of town in the expensive price range serving hungarian food.|There are no hungarian restaurant located in the centre of town. How about another food type?
Sure, let's try British food, please?|Yes, there are 3. I recommend midsummer house restaurant.
That sounds great! Could you book a table there for Wednesday? There will be 7 of us, and we'd like to eat at 16:00.|I certainly can. Just let me call them and confirm the reservation. Can you hold please?
ok and get me the reference number please|Reference number is : TFUP32PH. Is there anything else?
I also need a train to Leicester.|Would you be leaving from Cambridge?
Yes, on Thursday.|What time would you like to leave?
I prefer to depart after 16:45. Just choose the first train you see listed and book tickets for 7 people. Then give me the reference number.|IKCBZMLX Is you confirmation number, have you booked for seven tickets.
Thank you for all of your help.|You're welcome. Do you need additional help with a taxi or attractions?
No that is everything I needed. Thank you.|You're welcome and enjoy your stay.
I'm looking for some cheap Chinese food. Got any restaurants that fit the bill?|Yes there are four. What area would you like to dine in, the centre or south?
I would like the centre.|There are 3 cheap chinese restaurants in the centre. charlie chan, rice house, and golden house. Would you like to make a reservation?
Yes, I'd like to make a reservation at the Rice House for one person at 11:00 on Sunday please.|I made a booking for you on that day. Your reference number is O2T3BYQU. What else can I do for you?
I am looking for any multiple sport attractions near the restaurant to visit.|We don't have any sports attractions in the centre.
Are there any museums in that area?|Yes, quite a few! There's the Museum of Archaeology and Anthropology, the Whipple Museum of the History of Science, and more. Would you like to hear about some of the others?
Please provide the entrance fees.|The entrance fees vary.  I can show you something with no entrance fee if you'd like?
I would like you to pick a nice on and give me more info on it please.|castle galleries has free entry. Their phone number is 01223307402, postcode cb23bj, and address unit su43, grande arcade, saint andrews street
Yes that one sounds nice. Can you tell me when they open and close also?|I'm sorry their hours aren't listed, you can call them at 01223307402 for that information.  Is there anything else you need help with today?
No that's everything for me today! Thank you!|Thank you for choosing Cambridge TownInfo centre. Have a nice day!
I need a train ticket to Cambridge, sometime after 15:45 if you can find one.|There are over 600 trains to Cambridge that leave after 15:45. Can you tell me the day you're traveling and your departure station?
departure is sunday from ely.|I found four trains, one leaves at 17:35, 19:35, 21:35 or 23:35. Which would you like to book?
I'll book the one that leaves at 17:35. What time does the train arrive?|It arrives at 17:52. Shall I go ahead and book it for you?
No. I'm looking for a a gastropub restaurant in the centre.|There are 3 gastropubs in the centre.  2 are expensive the other is moderate. Do you have a preference in the price range?
Yes, I need one in the cheap price range please.|There are no gastropubs in the centre part of town in the cheap price range. Would you like something else?
Ok, how about one serving italian food?|Pizza hut city centre, ask, and zizzi cambridge all are italian restaurants in the centre part of town in the cheap price range. Would you like me to book one?
Yes. Can you please book Zizzi Cambridge for 3 people at 21:00 on the same day, Sunday.|I have reserved a table for three at 21:00. The reference number is OUN5OI0K.
Finally. Thank you. Pizza Hut. I ate there when I was a kid. It's a long story. I wonder if this one has a jukebox.|That's an interesting question, but unfortunately I haven't that information. Is there anything else I can help you with, though?
No. Everything is perfect. Thank you for your time.|Thank you for using this system!
I am looking for an upscale restaurant with European food, please.|Eraina is an an upscale restaurant serving European food.
Is there anything else available?|Yes, the Cambridge Lodge restaurant is also an upscale restaurant serving European food.
What is there address and area?|The Cambridge Lodge Restaurant is located is the west part of town at Cambridge Lodge Hotel 139 Huntingdon Road City Centre. Is there anything else you need?
No thank you.  That is all the info I needed.|Thank you.
I am looking for a cantonese restaurant in the north part of town.|What price range are you looking for?
I don't care.|Unfortunately, there are no Cantonese restaurants in the north part of town.
Okay then, how about a restaurant that serves asian oriental type of food in the north part of town then?|Saigon city serves asian oriental food and is located in the north part of town.  Would you like their location?
What is the address and phone number?|The address for Saigon City is 169 High Street Chesterton Chesterton and the phone number is 01223 356555.
Thank you for the information. Bye now|Thank you.
I looking for an Italian restaurant that offers cheap food.|We've got about 5 to choose from. All of them are cheaper. Did you have a preference on the area?
I would prefer one on the west area.|The La Margherita meets your criteria. Would you like to book a table?
Yes. Please book a table for 2 at 16:45 on friday and please give me the reference number.|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Your reference number is OWGTR8M7. Will that be all?
No. I also need a train.|We have many trains I can book for you. Where are you departing from and going to?
Departing Peterborough on Friday.  Heading to Cambridge.  I need to arrive by 09:45.  Do you have anything?|TR1662 departs at 05:19 and arrives at 06:09.  Will that work for you or would you like to try a later train?
That one is perfect. Thanks for your help. Good bye|I hope you enjoy the rest of your day too!
I need to find a restaurant in the center of town. A place offering Vietnamese food, if possible.|There are no vietnamese locations in the centre of town.
really, it should be expensive.|There is a cheap vietnamese restaurant on the west side, but that is all.
How about turkish food?|There is one expensive Turkish eatery in city centre; Meze Bar Restaurant. Would you like to make reservations?
Yes and I need a confirmation number thank you|What day would you like to book for?
I'm not sure yet, can I have the phone number and postcode so I can book the table?|Meze Bar Restaurant is located in the cb13nf zip code, but there is no phone number listed. Would you like the address?
No, I would like to check out going to a boat.|What area would you like this in?
It doesn't matter to me.|I have 4 entries that fit.  Would you like a couple numbers, so you can call and get more info? Unfortunately, no entrance fees are listed.
No, thanks. Please just select one for me and then let me know the area and address.|riverboat georgina is in the north. The address is cambridge passenger cruisers, jubilee house. Can I get you anything else today?
I also need a taxi. Can you help with that?|Sure, where would you liked to be picked up?
I want to leave the Riverboat Georgina by 23:30, please.|What would be your destination please?
The acorn guest house please.|Your taxi has been booked. It is a grey Lexus. The contact number is 07308344442. Is there anything else that I can help you with today?
No, thank you. I have everything I need at this time.|Alright. Have a good day now.
Can I ask you for a restaurant suggestion in the north today?|Okay, there are 9 different available restaurants. What type of food would you like to eat?
What types of expensive restaurants are in that part of town?|I have Asian Oriental, Chinese, French, Italian and Indian. Any preference?
I would like to try French and I need a reservation for 2 people at 12:45 on Friday.|I have booked you for Restaurant Two Two.  The table will be reserved 15 minutes after 12:45.  Reference number is 6BD74VBB.  Is there anything else I can do?
I am looking for a train going to Cambridge and should depart from King Lynn arriving by 08:15|What day will you be traveling?
I need it on Friday.|There is a train arriving at 07:58 would you like me to book tickets for that one?
Yes, I need 2 tickets please.|Your booking was successful, the total fee is 19.6 GBP payable at the station .
Reference number is : SKG9JJLB.  What else can I help you with today?
that is it for today. have a god day|You're welcome! And thank you, likewise!
Hi, I need a place to stay on the northend.|Please be specific about the price range and hotel type you are interested in.
Type doesn't matter but I'd like it to be 4 star please.|There are eight in that area. Would you like to book one?
I'd also like it to have free wifi. But, it doesn't matter to me if there is free parking.|I found several will you be needing a reference number for this booking?
yes I need the reference number. I also want to find a restaurant.|Okay, how many people and for how many days do you need that hotel.
Just myself, 2 nights starting saturday.|I have the kirkwood guesthouse. Would you like me to book that for you?
Yes, please. I need the reference number for that as I said.|1 guest arriving at Kirkwood House on Saturday and staying 2 nights. Your Reference number is : 414YSUQO. Would you still like me to find a restaurant for you?
oh yes, and please book for two more persons|So for 3 people in total?
I'm sorry, I don't need a booking just yet. I would like to find a restaurant serving Chinese food, in the north.|Sure, how about the hotpot?
Is the hotpot expensive? I want the restaurant to be expensive, in addition to being chinese food and in the north.|Yes, The Hotpot is expensive and in the north.  Would you like me to book a table?
Can you give me the address and post code, please?|Yes, the address of The Hotpot is 66 Chesterton Road Chesterton, cb41ep. Can I be of further assistance?
No, I think that should be all I need for now. Thank you so much for your patience with me!|You're very welcome. If you need anything else, please let us know.
Hi I'm looking for a place to go in the centre of town.|Any more specifics?
I would really like to see a museum. Maybe get a little more culture under my belt.|There are 11 museums in the area, all free. Anything in particular you are interested in? There are art, architecture, archaeology, and historical museums.
Surprise me! Can you send me the address and postcode for the one you choose?|I'm a fan of wipple museum of the history of science.  They're at free school lane, post code cb23rh.  Can I help you with anything else today?
I'm also looking for a restaurant in the same area as the museum that serves north american food. Could you get me the number, postcode, and address please?|Certainly, Gourmet Burger Kitchen is an expensive north american restaurant , address Regent Street City Center, phone 01223312598.  Would you like a reservation?
That sounds nice.Sure, I like a reservation in the Gourmet Burger Kitchen, and I need the address.|The address is Regent Street City Centre, how many should I book for and what time?
Can I get the postcode for them please?|The postcode for the gourmet burger kitchen is cb21ab. May I assist you with anything else?
No, that will be all, thanks! Goodbye.|Excellent. Have a good night!
I am looking to find an expensive restaurant in the north area of town.|I have five restaurants matching your request.  Would you like Asian, Chinese, European, or French food?
European sounds good!|Would you like me to go ahead with booking at city stop restaurant?
Not right now. Can you give me their address and postcode?|Sure, city stop restaurant, Cambridge City Football Club Milton Road Chesterton cb41uy, phone 01223363270. Would you like to book a table?
No thank you. Are there any parks in town?|there is milton country park in the north, it's in the address milton country park, milton.
Okay, thank you. What is the entrance fee?|Entrance is free at Milton Country Park.
I also need a taxi to pick me up from Milton Country park  by 20:30.|I can book a taxi for you but will need to know your destination in order to book it for you.
My destination is City Stop Restaurant.|I have booked a taxi for you for 20:30. Look for a yellow bmw. Contact number is 07961088935
Wonderful. Thanks for help.|If you need anything else, we're always here and ready to help!
I want to eat someplace with unusual food. Price is no object. What can you suggest?|I'm sorry, there is nothing meeting your criteria. What other type of cuisine  would you like?
Hmm.  I'm not sure.  It needs to be expensive, and I really had my heart set on unusual.|There are no restaurants anywhere in Cambridge that describe their cuisine as "unusual." Would you like to broaden your search criteria?
Then find a European one.|I have 5 european restaurants to choose from. I have options in the centre, north and west. Which would you prefer to dine in?
I would like one in the centre area, please.|How about Eraina, which serves European food and is located in the centre of town and is in the expensive price range?
That sounds good! Can you book a table for 6 people at 12:45 on Wednesday?|That booking was successful, the table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Your reference number is 4OQDTI8C. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I think that is all I need. Thank you.|You're welcome, enjoy your meal.
I want a cheap, european restaurant please.|The River Bar Steakhouse and Grill is in the cheap price range and features a modern European menu.
What is the address and phone number?|It is located at  Quayside Off Bridge street.  The phone number is is 01223 301030.
Thank you good bye.|You're welcome.  Have a good evening and enjoy.
I need to find out information about a particular hotel called warkworth house|It has some great reviews.  It is a 4 star moderate located on Warkworth Terrace.  What else would you like to know?
book it for 3 people and 5 nights for monday.|I just booked it for you. Your reference number is 3P75NAMG. Is there anything else I can do for you?
Yes, I am looking for a restaurant that serves Eritrean food.|I'm afraid there are no eritrean restaurants in the area. Would you like to try a different cuisine?
Are there any Eritrean restaurants in the east instead?|I am sorry, there are no Eritrean restaurants in the East either. Would you care for another type of cuisine?
Let's try Italian food.|There is one Italian restaurant in the East. It is moderately priced. It is located in Cambridge Retail Park.
Ok great. Can you book a table for 3 at 16:00 on Monday?|I have booked a table for 3 for Monday at 16:00 at Pizza Hut Fen Ditton.
May I have the reference number please ?|I am not showing that you were booked and I am having trouble booking this for you. Do you have other choices ?
How about wednesday?|I do apologize, but it seems like I'm having trouble booking this for you at this time.
Okay, maybe try it again for Wednesday?|Unfortunately, the restaurant can't accomodate you.
Okay should we try a different restaurant then...? I've never had this problem before...|How about some Italian food in the West? There are two restaurants we can try.
That would work, I need to get a table the same day as my other booking.|Booking was successful.
Reference number is : 3P75NAMG.
Thank you for your help, have a great evening.|You are welcome and you do the same .Goodbye
Hello, I am looking for a restaurant that serves Mexican food.|chiquito restaurant bar serves mexican food in the south part of town.  Would you like their location?
Yes, I'd like the address, phone number and postcode please.|Chiquito Restaurant Bar is located at Cambridge Leisure Park Clifton Way Cherry Hinton. The postal code is CB17DY and the phone number is 01223400170.
Thank you, goodbye.|You're welcome! Goodbye.
Hey any suggestions for good food? I'd also love to find a train that leaves on Friday from Broxbourne.|First of all, there is a train leaving Broxbourne for Cambridge every hour on Friday.
I would like to leave after 08:15 that morning.|Is there a time you would like to arrive by?
No specific time, but I'd love the time and train ID.|First I need to verify if cambridge is your destination.
yes, i'm traveling to cambridge.|The TR3005 leaves at 8:32. It's travel time is 60 minutes. Would you like to book a seat?
yes please book it for me thank you|I will book it for you now.
No thank you. I'm also looking for an expensive french restaurant.|I found 2 restaurants located in the north and centre.  Do you care about the area?
the centre please. can you reserve a table for friday please.|And for how many people?
It will be for 2 people on friday at 15:30|Okay, I've booked you a table for 2 at Cote on Friday at 15:30. Your reservation number is 6C4FPXC9. Your table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
thats all i need for tonight. thanks for all the help. goodbye.|Thank you for calling and have a fantastic trip. Goodbye.
Hi, I'm looking for a nice play to stay in Cambridge that has free wifi.|There are many options; is there an area of the city that you would prefer?
Yes, someplace in the west part of town would be nice.|I have 4 hotels in the west side of town. How about the Hobsons House? It's moderately priced and has free wifi.
Yes, that sounds good!|Would you like me to make a reservation for you?
Yes, reserve it for me for 3 people and 3 nights starting monday.|You are all set for 3 nights at Hobsons House.  The reference number is UM6SFJM6.  Can I assist you with any other plans?
I am also looking for a moderately priced restaurant in the same area as the hotel.|I have a british, indian, and italian restaurant in that price range in that area of town. Which woud you prefer?
Are there any French restaurants?|I'm sorry, the only moderately priced restaurants in the west are British, Indian, and Italian.  Nothing serves french food.  Perhaps I can check another part of the city?
I would settle for Indian food.|It may not be exactly the cuisine you were hoping for, but I think you'll still have a fine meal at Meghna. Shall I book you a table?
Is Meghna Indian food?  If so, I'd like to book for the same group on the same day.|It is indeed Indian food.  To clarify you would like me to book you a table for 3 on Monday. What time would you prefer?
I want it to be at 13:00 please. I also need a taxi please|Yes, I need to make the reservation for 3 at 13:00 and I also am going to need a taxi.
I need the taxi to get me to the restaurant at my booked time. I also will need the taxis contact number and car type|Your taxi will be a white toyota, contact number 07573158248.
Great, thank you for very much!  That's everything I needed!|Thank you for contacting Cambridge TownInfo centre.  Have a great time!  Goodbye!
ok goodbye thanks for the help|You're welcome, have a great day.
Do you have any great places to visit in the centre?|Indeed we do! 44 of them, in fact. We have nightclubs and concerthalls as well as museums and theatres. What strikes your fancy?
Not really, what do you suggest, and can you provide address and phone number?|Primavera is a museum in the centre located at 10 king s parade. The phone number is 01223357708.
Great I'm also looking for a tuscan restaurant in the centre of town too|i dont have anything available. for that. Do you have another choice
Ok, what about mediterranean food?|Do you have a price range?  There are both cheap and expensive options.
Price range doesn't matter.|I would suggest la gardenia.
Can you book that for 2 people at 11:30 on friday?|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Reference number is : 3BCC8OGU.
Thank you. That was all I needed.|You're welcome, have a great day!
Hi, I'm looking for a cheap restaurant, please.|I have 22 results for cheap restaurants, are you looking for a particular type of cuisine?
I want a  restaurant that serves turkish food|Unfortunately, I do not see any results for cheap turkish restaurants, would you like to try a different type of cuisine?
How about Italian food instead?|I have 5 results that meet that criteria. Is there a particular area you want to be in?
No, just give me the phone number and address for your favorite, please!|My favorite is Zizzi cambridge.  Their phone number is 01223365599 and they are located in the centre at 47-53 Regent Street.  Anything else I can help with today?
I'm also looking for a train that leaves on Sunday and goes to Peterborough.|Ok, can you tell me your departure city and if you have a time you need to leave or arrive in Peterborough?
I need to arrive by 18:00 and depart from Cambridge.|I have about 20 possibilities for your arrival time. Do you have a preferred departure time?
No, just as close to 18:00 as possible. What is the price of the train?|Train TR5473 departs at 17:06 and arrives by 17:56. Would that work for you? The price of the ticket is 13.20 pounds.
Yes, thank you for the information.|Would you like me to book that train for you?
Yes, I'd like one ticket for that train.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 13.2 GBP payable at the station. Reference number is: 16VGQU3H. Anything else I can help with?
Thank you very much.|Is there anything else I can help you with today?
That is all.  Thank you.|Thank you.
I would like a European restaurant in the west part of town, please.|The cambridge lodge restaurant serves european food in the west part of town
phone number and address, please.|The Cambridge Lodge Restaurant is located at Cambridge Lodge Hotel 139 Huntingdon Road City Centre. Their number is 01223 355166. Is there anything else I can find for you?
Thank you goodbye.|Thank you for using the Cambridge restaurant system. Goodbye.
I am looking for a place to eat in town centre.|There are 69 different places to choose from. What type of food would you like?
It doesn't matter as long as it is cheap.|I have 15 restaurants that match your description? Is there a specific cuisine you would like?
I don't care about the cuisine. Would you book a table for 4 people at 16:00 on Wednesday?|I made a reservation for you at J Restaurant at 86 Regent Street.  Reference Number UWVRJC3M.  Can I help you further today?
That will be all. Thank you very much for your help.|Your welcome. Have a good day.
I am looking for a nightclub to visit while in town.|There are six nightclubs in town; 5 in the centre and 1 in the south. Do you have a location or other preference?
Yes i would like to be in the center.|I have 5 nightclubs in the centre area, my personal recommendation is the soul tree nightclub, would you like more information on the soul tree?
Sure, what's the soul tree's address and postcode?   I'm also looking for an expensive danish restaurant.|The address is 1-6 corn exchange street and the postcode is cb23qf. There are no danish restaurants in cambridge. Do you have another food type you would want to try?
Do you have any restaurants in the same area as the attraction?|There are 69 restaurants in that area. Do you have a preference for the pricerange?
Do you have some place that serves Danish food and it should be expensive?|I'm sorry there are no Danish restaurants in the centre. We do have others like Chinese, Italian, etc. Do you have another preference?
Indian, please.|There are 6 results. May I make a recommendation?
Yes, please. Although I would like it to be in the centre of town.|The curry garden is  a great indian restaurant in the centre.  Can I book a table for you?
Yes, please book a table for 8 people.|What time were you thinking?
At 20:00 for Tuesday please.|I have booked your table here is the information:Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Reference number is : LEW935DX.
Okay great. Thanks for your help.|Do you need any further help?
no, that will be all for now. thanks for your help. goodbye|Thank you Im glad I could help
I have to book a place to eat that serves irish food and is located in the centre, can you help me?|I am sorry there are no listings, would there be another area I can search for you?
How about a restaurant that serves gastropub food in the centre instead?|I have 3 restaurants. Two are expensive and one is moderate. Would you like me to book one for you?
Yes, can you see if the moderately priced one can accommodate a party of five at 16:45 on Sunday?|It can not, I am sorry. Shall I try another?
Can I get another restaurant in the centre that is moderately priced?|How about the Oak Bistro? It's a British restaurant in the centre, also moderately priced.
That sounds amazing. Please try to book that for me.|Your booking was successful. Your booking number was 13HISQU8. Can I assist you with anything else today?
No, that's all I needed. Have a nice day.|Thank you, you have a good day too.
I am looking for a restaurant. The restaurant should be in the centre and should be in the cheap price range|OK, I have 15 options for you, in many cuisines. Do you have a cuisine preference, or would you like me to recommend a restaurant?
I don't have a preference. What would you suggest and can you provide me with the address and phone number?|How about the Rice House? It is located at 88 Mill Road City Centre and their number is 01223367755.
Thanks, that's all. Good bye.|Thank you for using our services. Is there anything else we can help you with?
look for a hotel within the cambridge area that has an expensive price range|The university arms hotel is in the centre of town.  Would that work?
That sounds good, does it have a 4 star rating and wifi?|yes it does have wifi and its a  4-star.
Does it also have free parking?|Yes, it provides free parking for guests.
If that one is in the expensive price range, I'd like to book a room for 2 nights starting Sunday please.|How many people would you like to book the room for?
There will be two people for two nights.|I was able to book the room for 2 people for Sunday and Monday. Your reference number is 6IQ0O2LB. Is there anything else I can help with?
Yes, I am looking for an Indian restaurant in the east part of town.|how about curry prince or pipasha?
I would like one in the same price range as the hotel.|I have two options that are expensive. There is the Pipasha Restaurant and the Sitar Tandoori. Do you need a reservation to one of these?
Book Sitar Tandoori. 2 people, 14:45, Sunday.|Done! Your table will be reserved for 15 minutes. The reference number is 415MKPVK. Can I help you with anything else?
Great, that's all I need, thanks so much for your help! Have a great day!|You too, enjoy your stay in Cambridge.
Hi, I'd like to book a taxi. Could you help me find a reasonable price?|I would be happy to help you with your request, could you be more specific on where you're departing from and on what day?
I'm sorry, I would actually like a restaurant in the centre that serves Afghan food.|Unfortunately there are no restaurants in the centre that serve Afghan food. Would you like to look for one in other areas?
How about a Chinese restaurant?|There's ten chinese restaurants in the centre. Do you have a particular price range you'd like to stay in?
A cheap price range.|There are three restaurants that meet your requirements:  Charlie Chan, Rice House, and Golden House.  Does any of those sound interesting?
May I have the address for the Charlie Chan restaurant?|Yes, it's Regent Street City Centre, would you like to book it?
Yes, can you please book a table for four at 4pm.|I'd be happy to reserve your table for you. What day will the reservation be for?
Can you book me for Tuesday please?|Charlie chan is booked for tuesday at 4pm
Great, I am also looking for a train from Stevenage into Cambridge.|TR8306 leaves at 05:54
Do you have a train that leaves after 09:00 by chance?|TR2860 leaves at 09:54. Would you like to book your seats?
Not at this moment. Can you tell me the travel and arrival time?|The arrival time is 10:43 and the duration would be 49 minutes.
Thank you! That's all I needed today. Bye!|You are most welcome, have a nice day.
Yes I am looking to find a restaurant that is expensive in the south of town.|There are 5 options. What food type would you like?
What type of cuisine options do I have?|You can choose between Mexican, Italian, Indian, and Chinese.
I would like Mexican, I would need a table for 6 at 16:00 on Monday|I'm sorry, but they have no openings at that time. Care to try a different day or perhaps a different time?
How about 15:00 for 6 people on Monday?|Yes, I've successfully booked your reservation for 15:00. Anything else?
Could I get that reference number?|Yes. The reference number is SEI1ME8K. The Chiquito Restaurant Bar will reserve your table for 15 mins starting at 15:00. Can I help you with anything else?
Thanks!  That will be all for today.|You're welcome. Have a nice day.
I need a train leaving from Kings Lynn on Tuesday.|There are several trains leaving Kings Lynn on Tuesday. Where is your destination going to be?
I am going to Cambridge.|We have 19 trains that day starting at 05:11 and going every hour, any time preference?
Get me on one that leaves after 14:30|I have train TR8932 that leaves at 15:11 and arrives by 15:58. Would that work for you?
book for 3 people. also find me a restaurant in the central that serves traditional food|The booking number is 1MNBDNEH. Did you need to know anything else on the train?
Yes, I am looking for a restaurant in the centre that serves traditional food.|We don't have anything like that in the centre.  How about a different area or food type.
I would like a mexican food restaurant nearby also.|There are no Mexican restaurants in that area.
I like italian also. Are there any in that area?|Yes, there are 9! Do you have a preference on pricerange?
No. I don't. Can I book a table for the same 3 people at 18:45?|No I am sorry no mexican restaurants in that area. Another perhaps?
How about Italian food?|What day would you like that reservation?
Tuesday, 3 people, 18:45pm, italian, not mexican, please book and give me a name and confirmation number.|I have booked you at the stazione restaurant and coffee bar for tuesday. Your reference number is VBMXDETF.
Great!  Thanks for all your help!|Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
That's all I needed today. Thank you! Bye!|Thanks for using the Cambridge TownInfo Centre. Goodbye!
Hello, I'm looking for a hotel called eraina. Can you help?|Eraina is actually a European restaurant, not a hotel. Is that what you were looking for?
Sorry yes the restaurant named Eraina. I would like to book a reservation for Tuesday 15:15 for 1 person.|There appears to be no availability at that time.  Would you prefer a different restaurant?
How about a different restaurant in the same area and price range?|I am sorry there are no others in that area,do you want me to check on another area?
No, could you double check that? I want a restaurant in the same area and price range as the Eraina. Type of food doesn't matter.|I have an Asian restaurant called Kymmoy that is in the same price range. Would you be interested?
Yes, will you see if you can book a table for me? And give me the reference number if you can?|Booked! Reference number: PLEIL8MJ. Will be held for 15 minutes.
Wonderful. Thank you so much for your assistance.|Thank you and enjoy your meal at the kymmoy. Have a great day.
I need help finding train to Lodon Liverpool Street.|Thank you, I see there are several to choose from.
I need it to arrive by 19:45 on Sunday and I'm leaving from Cambridge.|Train TR1163 leaves at 05:59, is that okay?
Yes, I'd like to book it for 3 people. Could I get the reference number as well?|Booking was successful, the total fee is 39.83 GBP payable at the station. Your reference number is 121NE14K. Can I help with anything else today?
Can you find me an expensive restaurant in the centre, please?|There are 33 results.  Can we narrow down by type of food?
I would like a restaurant that serves venetian food, please.|There are no expensive venetian restaurants in the city centre. Is there another food type you want?
Sure, how about some British food?|There are 3: Fitzbillies Restaurant, the Cambridge Chop House, and Midsummer House Restaurant. Do any of these sound good to you?
Are all three of these expensive restaurants? If so I'd like to try the Midsummer House Restaurant. May I get their address please?|Yes Midsummer House Restaurant is expensive, it's located at Midsummer Common.  Would you like me to help you make a booking?
That was all the information I needed, thank you!|Thank you for using our system!
I need a train on wednesday .|I can find a train for you! What is your preferred point of departure and where would you be going?
I am going from Cambridge to Norwich.|There are 19 trains from Cambridge to Norwich on Wednesday. Is there a time you'd like to depart?
I want to leave some time after 15:30.|I have a train leaving at 15:36. Would that work for you?
Yes.  Please book for 7 people.  Please confirm with reference number.  We are also looking for a place to eat in the north that serves kosher food.|Your booking was successful and your reservation number is  R82TUJXN.
We are also looking for a place to eat in the north that serves kosher food.|There are none in that area. Another type perhaps?
Bummer.  I could try Chinese.  Is there anything in the north?|I am sorry there is none even in the North
Are there any Chinese restaurants in the North area?|I have found 3 chinese restaurants in the north, they are either expensive or moderate in price range. Do you have a preference?
I prefer an expensive one.|Okay, there are two options. I recommend hakka. Do you want me to book a table for you?
Yes, please book for 7 people on wednesday at 11:45|Sure thing, booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : 5MSHI9TK. May I assist with anything else?
No, I think that's it. Thanks for all your help today. Goodbye.|Thank you for allowing me to help you.
I am going to cambridge and I am looking for the cambridge book and print gallery|Okay! It is a museum in the West part of town at 49 Newnham Road. Admission is free.
What is their phone number?|Their phone number is 01223694264. Can I help you with anything else?
Thank you. I'm also looking for a moderate price range restaurant that serves turkish food.|I love Efes Restaurant on King Street City Centre. Would you like me to reserve a table for you?
Not right now, thank you for your assistance. Have a wonderful day.|Thank you goodbye
looking for a restaurant in the moderately priced range|There are several moderately priced restaurants.  Do you have a preference to the area of town?
I don't care about the area of town, but I'd like cuban food.|There are no results for moderately priced Cuban food restaurants. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Are there any international restaurants in the moderate range?|There is an international restaurant in the moderate range called The Varsity Restaurant in the centre area of town.
Can I get the address and postcode, please?|The address of The Varsity Restaurant is 35 Saint Andrews Street City Centre and the postcode is C.B 2, 3 A.R.
Thank you good bye.|You're welcome. Goodbye.
I'd like a restaurant with Korean food please.|Little Seoul is a Korean restaurant in the city centre, serving expensive food.
What is their address and phone number?|Little Seoul is located at 108 Regent Street City Centre and their telephone number is 01223 308681.
Thank you, goodbye|You're welcome, goodbye.
I am looking for a German restaurant in the west part of town.|There are no German restaurants in the west part of town. Would you like to make another query?
How about Italian?|There are several Italian restaurants in the west part of town.  La Margherita is cheap and Prezzo is moderate.  Would you like the address of one of those?
What is the phone number of one of them?|The phone number to Prezzo, which is moderately priced, is 01799 521260. Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
Thank you goodbye.|thank you. good bye
Can you help me find an expensive Chinese food restaurant?|What area would you like? There are nine results.
I'm interested in restaurants located in the East.|Okay, Yu Garden matches your specifications. Would you like me to book a reservation?
Yeah, could you book it for 8 people on Monday? I think 16:15 is when we want to be seated.|The booking went through, your table is reserved for 15 minutes starting at 16:15. Reference number is BT75STQI.
Thanks! I'm also looking for a hotel near that restaurant.|I would recommend the Express by Holiday Inn Cambridge, should I book it for you?
If that has free wifi that'll work.|Yes, there is internet there. Would you like a booking then?
Could you tell me the price, address and phone number?|They are expensive and can be reached at 01223866800. The address is 15-17 norman way, coldhams business park. Anything else?
No, that's all for me today! Thank you! Bye!|I hope you have a wonderful stay.
I'm looking for somewhere to eat in the centre.|The bedouin is a nice choice. Do you want to book ?
Is that a gastropub?|Yes. The Bedouin serves gastropub food and is in the centre of town.
That sounds good can you book it for 4 people at 16:30 on wednesday?|I apologize the Bedouin serves african food. Could I recommend the Slug and Lettuce, or backstreet bistro, if you would prefer something moderately priced the cow pizza kitchen and bar.
The Slug and Lettuce would be fine. It will need to be on Wednesday for 4 people. We'd like to eat at 16:30.|Okay, you're all booked.  Your table will be reserved for 15 minutes and your reference number is 32V8AA4N.  Is there anything else I can help you with today?
i am also looking for a place to stay. The hotel should be in the cheap price range and should include free wifi.|Cambridge has 10 options that meet your criteria. Is there a particular area in which you would like to stay?
Yes, I would prefer to stay in the south.|Rosa's bed and breakfast is a guesthouse in the south, with a 4 star rating, free wifi and cheap price range. Would you like a reservation?
Yes, please book a stay for 4 people, 3 nights, starting on Wednesday.|Okay, I've got it booked for you for 4 people for 3 nights starting on Wednesday.  The reference number is: HRT9EL5L.  Is there anything else I do for you?
Can you also book a taxi for me between the guesthouse and the restaurant?|Yes what time would you like to travel by taxi?
I would like to arrive in time for our booked time at the Slug and Lettuce.|You're all set. Your car will be a white toyota. If you need to contact the driver, you can call 07073603005.
That is all I need to know. Thanks.|You are welcome, just let me know if you need anything else.
I'd looking for a good restaurant on the east side.  I'd prefer the moderate price range, if possible.|Would you prefer Indian or Italian food?
I would like Indian please.|There is curry prince, and rajmahal, would either of those work for you?
I'd like to book curry prince for 6 people at 15:45 on saturday please.|Alright, I have you reservation made. The reference number is SMAMRCQ9.
Great, thanks for your help.|Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, that will be everything today. Thank you.|Thank you, goodbye.
I am looking for a cheap caribbean restaurant to eat at.|I'm sorry, I am unable to find any restaurants that serve Caribbean cuisine.
How about an Italian restaurant?|What area of town?
The area doesn't matter to me. It just has to be cheap.|Ok I hear good things about pizza hut city centre.  Would you like a table?
Yes. Book for 1 person on Tuesday at 16:45.|I have made those reservations your reference number is 5VEPJ46Z.
Thanks I also need a guesthouse that has free internet.|sure! do you want the hotel to be in a particular area?
No, that doesn't matter.|I'd recommend the allenbell in the east. Would you like a reservation?
Actually, I do need the hotel to be in the north. I'd also like it to be cheap.|Ok, I recommend the worth house. It's a guesthouse in the north. it's cheap but has 4 stars. Would that work for you?
Yes, please! I need a room there. Same group, same day as the restaurant, and we'll stay 4 nights.|Booking was successful.
Reference number is : UGEJ4902 Can I help you with anything else today?
I also need a taxi to get there please.|Just to confirm. You need a cab to take you to the Worth House? Where will you be departing from?
No, from worth house to the restaurant, please.|Your taxi has been booked. It will be a yellow Volvo and the contact number is 07887807220.
Thanks, that is all.|You're welcome, glad I could help.
African food in the cetre of town /|It seems there is one restaurant in the centre of town, Bedouin. Would you like to make a reservation?
Is it in the cheap price range?|No, it is in the expensive price range. Would you like me to book you a table?
no i need cheap. is there one that serves spanish food?|La raza serves cheap spanish food. Would you like me to book you a table?
Well, would you be able to give me the contact information, address and postcode? I want to be sure it's close to where we're going that night.|The address is 4 - 6 Rose Crescent, phone number is 01223464550, postcode is cb23ll
am also looking for a train. The train should leave after 15:00 and should leave on sunday|What is your destination?
I would like to arrive in Cambridge.|Excellent. And where are you coming from?
I will be departing from London Liverpool Street.|Ok, I have Train TR6946 leaving at 15:39 and arriving by 17:07, would you like me to book a ticket?
Yes please, just one ticket and I'll need the reference number.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 13.28 GBP payable at the station .
Reference number is : GSIGVNEW.
That is all I need. Thank you.|Thank you for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre service!
I am looking for a place to stay with a guesthouse set up and free parking.|Sure, I can assist you with that.  Was there an area of town you were looking for?
I am looking in the Cambridge area.|I'm sorry but I am unable to find anything with those specifications.  Would you like to try anything else?
ok no preference for area any guest house|Is there a price range you'd prefer?
No that doesn't matter. Please just recommend a guesthouse for me that has both parking and internet|There are quite a few choices available for guest houses with free parking and internet. May I suggest the acorn guest house in the north part of town?
Sure, 4 people for 5 nights beginning Sunday.|Okay I have that booked for you. Is there anything else you need?
Can you help me find a train to cambridge?|I sure can!  Where are you departing from?
I need to leave Kings Lynn on Tuesday after 15:15.|We have eight trains leaving for Cambridge that day after 15:15. Is there any time you prefer?
No, as long as it's after 15:15. What times are available?|Trains leave at the following times: 16:11, 17:11, 18:11, 19:11, 20:11, 21:11, 22:11, and 23:11. Which would you prefer?
The 16:11 train would be fine. I'll need the booking for four people. Can I also have the reference number please?|Booking was successful, the total fee is 39.2 GBP payable at the station. Reference number is : 86PRM3M8.
I also need reservations for thanh binh.|What day and time would you like the reservation for? Also, how any people?
I want to reserve a table for Tuesday for 4 people at 20:45.|Your reservation for 4 people at thanh binh this tuesday at 20:45 was successful. Your Reference number is : AB4V9SVP.
Thank you, that's all I needed for today.|Have a great day!
I'm looking for a guesthouse in the cheap price range|There are many,can I get what area you are looking for?
The area is flexible but we would like free parking.|Also have many to choose from,can I please get what area you are looking for it would really narrow it down.
Any area is fine, just something you'd recommend. I need to book 3 people for 4 nights starting Friday.|Okay, you're booked into the Allen Bell guesthouse in the east area of the city. Your reference number is 2ZJFZ6XT.
Great! Can you also tell me if there are any austrian restaurants in town, preferably in the center?|There are no Austrian restaurants in the centre of town. Perhaps a different cuisine?
How about something  just in the cheap price range?|There are a number of cheap options, though none of them serve Austrian food. There are Asian Oriental, Chinese, Indian, Italian, Mediterranean, Modern European, Portuguese, and Spanish.
Okay, how about Indian food?|Kohinoor, The Gandhi and Mahal of Cambridge all fit your criteria. Any preference?
Give me info about Kohinoor.  Need their address postcode and number, please.|The address is 74 Mill Road City Centre. The postal code is cb12as & the number is 01223323639. Anything else?
I need a taxi to pick me up at the restaurant.|Sure. What time would you like to leave?
I would like to leave the restaurant by 12:00.|And what will your destination be?
Allen Bell guesthouse|I have you booked with a grey tesla. The contact number is 07474877283. Is there anything else I can do for you?
No, that's all I needed. Have a nice day.|Thank you for using our system!
Yes. I would like a moderately priced restaurant in the east part of town.|curry prince serves indian food, in the moderate price range and in the east part of town.
Is there any other restaurant?|Pizza Hut Fen Ditton is in the east part of town and serves moderately priced Italian food.
What is the address?|Pizza Hut Fen Ditton phone number is jesus lane fen ditton, is there anything else I can help you with?
I'm looking for colleges in town centre, preferably free admission.|Christ college is lovely and is free admission.
What is their phone number?|It's 01223334900. Do you need anything else?
My girlfriend keeps mentioning wanting to try a great Turkish food place. Do you happen to have any in town?|I have 3 different turkish restaurants, all are located in the centre area.  Would you prefer moderate price or expensive?
Definitely expensive. We're going all out on this trip.|The meze bar restaurant meets that criteria, would you like me to book a table for you?
Just to make sure, the restaurant is in the same area as the attraction, correct?|Yes, they are both in the centre of town!
Great, can I have their number, address,and postcode?|Meze bar restaurant is located at 196 Mill Road City Centre, postcode cb13nf. I'm sorry there is not a phone listed for this restaurant.
I need a taxi going from Christ College and the Meze Bar restaurant. I want to leave Christ College at 06:30.|Okay. We have you booked. The car type will be blue Lexus. The contact number is 07645780776. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No thats all I needed. Thanks. Have a good one. Bye.|You're welcome.  Have a great day!
Hello!  I'm looking for a nice restaurant that serves Scottish food.  Can you recommend one?|Certainly.  Is there a certain area of town that you'd like to stay in?
No, any part of town is good.|I'm sorry, there aren't any Scottish food restaurants. Would you like something else?
How about a restaurant that serves British food?|The Cotto serves British food it is in the centre of town in the moderate price range.
May I get the restaurant phone number please?|cotto's phone number is 01223 302010.
Thank you, goodbye|Goodbye.
I am looking for an expensive restaurant in the city center|There are 33 entries that meet your request.  Is there a type of food you are looking for?
No, I really don't mind. Recommend one to me.|How about bedouin? It is an african cuisine that is in the expensive price range.
That sounds wonderful. Can you give me the address and postcode?|The Bedouin's address is 100 Mill Road City Centre, and the postcode is cb12bd. Can I help you with anything else?
No, that's all. Thank you.|Okay.  Have a great meal!
Hey, I'm looking for a cheap place to dine with indian cuisine preferably!|How about Royal Spice? That's in the north part of town.
Sure, I'd like to try it, can you help me book a table for 4 people?|I can. What day and time will you be dining? Also, how many people will be in your party?
4 people at 17:45 on Monday.  By the way, I need a hotel too, is that something you can help me out with?|i have reserved. Reference number is : TJ5MU21H.
Great, thanks! Can you also help me find somewhere to stay?|I can definitely help you with that! Do you have an area or price range in mind?
Please find me a htel in a moderate price range, no need for internet. The area doesn't matter.|I have many options available in the moderate price range.  Are looking for a hotel or guesthouse?
I would like a hotel please.|I have three to choose from. Two in the north and one in the center all moderately priced. Any preference?
How about the center. book it for 3 nights from Monday for 4 people.|There is a moderately priced place named CityRoomz in the centre.  Would you like me to book it for you?
No thank you that will be all|Ok thanks and enjoy your stay.
Actually I changed my mind.  I do want to book the hotel.|Booking was successful.
Reference number is : I1LK8VES.
Thank you very much.|You're welcome! Have a great day!
I want to find a restaurant in any part of town and serves malaysian food.|There are no Malaysian restaurants. Would you like something different?
north american, please. Give me their price range and their address and phone number, please.|gourmet burger kitchen is in the expensive price range their phone number is 01223 312598 and their address is Regent Street City Centre
Thank you, goodbye|Thank you for using Cambridge restaurant system. Enjoy your meal!
I'm taking a tour of colleges and I've heard that Cambridge is the place to go. Can you tell me about some you have there?|We have many nice ones.  What area of town are you interested in?
It doesn't matter. I'm interested in a college type attraction. I also need the entrance fee, address, and area info. Thanks.|christ's college is in the centre on saint andrew's street and its free
Thanks!  If it isn't too much trouble, could you also find me information on a restaurant called da vinci pizzeria?|Of course! They are a great italian restaurant in the north part of town. They are usually very cheap. It's located on 20 Milton Road Chesterton.
Thank you! Will you please book a table for 6 people at 18:30 on Wednesday?|I've reserved a table for six on Wednesday at 18:30. Your reference number is NT05QS6A. Please note that they will hold the table for 15 minutes after your reserved time.
Thank you. I will need a taxi to get from christ's college to the restaurant.|Your taxi has been booked and the car will be a yellow volkswagen and their contact number is 07597491842. Can I help you with anything else?
No, thank you. You've been quite helpful.|You're very welcome. Have a great day!
i need a place to dine in the center thats expensive|I have several options for you; do you prefer African, Asian, or British food?
Any sort of food would be fine, as long as it is a bit expensive. Could I get the phone number for your recommendation?|There is an Afrian place named Bedouin in the centre.  How does that sound?
Sounds good, could I get that phone number? Also, could you recommend me an expensive hotel?|Bedouin's phone is 01223367660. As far as hotels go, I recommend the University Arms Hotel in the center of town.
Yes. Can you book it for me?|Sure, when would you like that reservation?
i want to book it for 2 people and 2 nights starting from saturday.|Your booking was successful.  Your reference number is FRGZWQL2.  May I help you further?
That is all I need to know. Thanks, good bye.|Thank you so much for Cambridge TownInfo centre. Have a great day!
I'm looking for a restaurant in the north with in expensive range.|Sure, is there a type of cuisine you are looking for?
That does not matter, can you recommend one?|how about the city stop restaurant. it's european.
Can you get me their address and phone number?|Sure!  Their address is Cambridge City Football Club Milton Road Chesterton and the phone number is 01223363270.  Would you like to book a table?
I also need a room. Four stars, free wifi.|What area are you looking for?
i want one in the same area as the restaurant|There are a number of options in the north. Did you have a price range in mind?
Yes, I would want something moderately priced.|Okay, I recommend the acorn guest house.
Great! Please book a room for Thursday-- 3 nights, 3 people.|You are all booked for the acorn guesthouse. Your reference number is 8EXVDFF3. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Thank you that is all I needed today, good bye.|Thank you for contacting us and have a nice day.
I want a train leaving from stevenage|When would you be departing and where would you like to go?
I would like to leave on Friday, and arrive in Cambridge by 11:30.|There is a train leaving Stevenage at 9:54 on Friday arriving in Cambridge at 10:43.  Would you like me to book this for you?
Yes, that is perfect.  I need 5 seats please.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 64 GBP payable at the station .
Reference number is : 8NKI5WL2. is there anything else i can help you with?
Yes I also need information on a place to eat called the cow pizza kitchen and bar.|The phone number is 01223308871. It is located on corn exchange street.
Could I get a reservation for 5 people at 16:00 on friday?|Your booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Reference number is : GT4M0UVD.  What else can I help you with today?
Nothing, thank you. That's all I need. Goodbye.|I'm glad I could help. Have a wonderful trip. If you need anything else, don't hesitate to call us. Goodbye.
I need a train to cambridge for tuesday. Would you be able to help?|What time do you want to depart by and where from?
I need the train to leave after 9:30 from London Liverpool Street.|Are you leaving in the morning or the evening?
I am leaving at 9:30. That is in the morning.|There is a train leaving at 9:39. Would that work?
Do you have anything leaving after 9:30?|There is TR5691 leaving at 11:39 today. It is 88 minutes and costs 16.60 pounds.
When does that train arrive?|The train arrives by 13:07.
Could I have the phone number please?|I'm sorry there is no phone number for that train.
Oh! Right. I need a phone number for a restaurant. A Chinese place, in the south, and on the cheap if possible.|The Lucky Star is a cheap Chinese restaurant in the south.The phone number is 01223244277.  Would you like me to book you a reservation?
No, thank you. That was all I needed today.|Alright. I hope you have a great day!
Hello, I am looking for a restaurant that serves African food.|There is an African restaurant in the centre area called Bedouin.
What are the address and postcode, please?|Bedouin is located at 100 mill road city centre and the postcode is CB12BD. Is there anything else I can help with?
that's all, thanks!|Thank you for using our system. Goodbye.
I need some info on a restaurant called royal spice.|royal spice is an indian restaurant in the north, Victoria Avenue Chesterton
Could I book a table at 17:15 on Friday, please?|Sure, how many people will be dining?
I need a table for 7 people.|I managed to book you for Friday, table for 7 at 17:15.  Your reference number is 7BATDN36.  Is there anything else I can help you with?
I am looking for a place to stay. The hotel should be in the north and should include free parking|Do you have a certain price range you would like?
I would like something moderately priced and I think I would prefer a guesthouse instead of a hotel if possible.|I would suggest acorn guest house
Perfect. Could you tell me their phone number?|The phone number for acorn guest house is 01223353888. Is there anything further I can assist you with today?
what is the car type?|I'm sorry, I do not understand your question. Can I help with anything else?
I'm sorry, I need a taxi that will get us to the restaurant in time for our reservation.|your all set a black honda will be picking you up contact # is 07109811358
Thank you for the information and bookings. There's nothing more. Goodbye.|Thank you for contacting us and have a nice day.
I am looking for an attraction in the centre of Cambridge.|There are several attractions in the town centre. Are you looking for a particular type?
Yes, please find any museums in the town centre.|There is the Whipple Museum of the History of Science located in the town centre, on free school lane. Is there any thing else I can help you with?
I need the postcode. Also, is there any place in town serving barbeque?|The museum's post code is cb23rh. Sadly, there are no restaurants serving barbeque. Is there something else you might be interested in instead?
I am also interested in a moderately priced place I can get barbeque.|I do apologize there are no restaurants serving barbecue. Is there something else you might be interested in instead?
Are there any places that serve gastropub food?|Yes, The Cow Pizza Kitchen and Bar is a moderately priced gastropub in the center of town. Would you like a table there?
Sure! For 5 people at 13:45 on Sunday please. Thank you!|They are not available for that time, is there another day and or time that you would like me to check?
Sure, would 12:45 be available?|Alright, you're booked for 12:45. Your reference number is DXMY5V92.
I would also like to book a taxi that arrives by 12:45 to the restaurant. I would also like its contact number and car type.|I was able to get a blue lexus and their number is 07087322851
Perfect. Thank you very much for your help.|You're welcome! Enjoy your stay.
Can you help me find a place to go in the east?|We have 5 very nice attractions in the east, do you have an idea of type of activity that would best match your needs?
Is there a museum I could go to on that side of town? If so, please provide phone number, address, and postcode.|Yes, there are 4 museums. Three are free and one has a 5 pound entrance fee. Are you looking for a gallery?
What do you recommend?|Cambridge artworks is wonderful! They are located at 5 greens road cb13ef. There phone number is 01223902168.
I'm also looking for a place to eat. I don't mind where, but I want an expensive chinese place.|There are 9 options that fit your criteria. Would you like a recommendation or would you like to narrow it down further?
A recommendation would be fine. Can I get the area they're in and post code?|I recommend yu garden. It is located in the east. The address is 529 Newmarket Road Fen Ditton. Postcode cb58pa.
I'd also like to book a taxi between the two places. I'd like to leave the restaurant by 2:30|Ok.  I booked a taxi for you.  It is a blue audi and the contact number is 07155610417.
Thank you. That's all I needed.|You're welcome, goodbye!
Yes. I am looking for a moderately priced restaurant in the west part of town.|Would you prefer British, Indian, or Italian food?
Indian, please.|meghna is an indian restaurant.  Would you like the phone number?
Yes, please. And also the address.|The address is 205 Victoria Road Chesterton and the phone number is 01223 727410.
Thank you goodbye.|Thank you. Have a nice day!
I need to find a hotel in Cambridge with decent prices.|I found 33 places that will fit your preferences. Do you have preference as to the area?
The area is flexible. But, I would like something moderately priced and have a star rating of 0.|I see 2 hotels with a zero rating; north side and centre. Which one can I book for you?
I would like it in the centre.|What day would you like to book?  How many days will you be staying and how many people will be staying?
Friday, for 1 person and will stay for 2 days. Can you book it for me ?|el shaddai has been booked for you for Friday.
Oh I'm sorry I forgot to mention I must have a hotel that includes free parking.|El shaddai includes both free parking and wifi.
Perfect. I'll need help finding a restaurant called the Cambridge chop shop, too.|You might be thinking of The Cambridge Chop House, at 1 Kings Parade. Does that sound right? I can help you book a table if you like.
Yeah that's it, book it for me as well please.|What time would you like to book the restaurant for and how many people in your party.
I don't need a reservation at this moment. Can I have the postcode for the el shaddai hotel?|Sure the postcode is cb11eg. Can I help you with anything else?
No, I think that's everything I need. Thanks a bunch!|Okay, well thank you for calling!  You have a good day!
I would like to visit some parks while I  am in town. Can you please suggest me some to visit?|Sure, is there a certain part of town you'd like to be on?
I would like to find a park anywhere. I need the fees , postcode, and phone number.|Which side of town would you like to be on?
I am not particular. but I also need information on a restaurant called the Gardenia.|I have the wandlebury country park on the south side of town. It is free, the phone number is 01223243830 and post code is cb223ae.
Thank you, can you also look up The Gardenia for me? It is a restaurant I have wanted to try.|The Gardenia is a Mediterranean restaurant at the centre of town. The park I gave you the information for is not in the same part of town.
That's okay. Could you book a table for me there for two people. I'd like it to be on Sunday at 15:45.|I have your booking for 2 people, sunday at 15:45.  Your reference number is 0NG9XLAQ.
Thank you. I also need a taxi to pick me up from the Wandlebury Country Park to make it to my reservation.|Where will the taxi be picking you up from?
The taxi will be picking me up from the Wandlebury Country Park and I need to be at the restaurant by the time of my booking.|Okay the taxi has been reserved and will be a white honda. The phone number is 07229832090.
thanks so much sorry I have been such a pain. YOU need a raise!|No problem at all happy to assist.
i really have got to go. its late. thanks for your help. goodbye.|You're welcome!  Have a wonderful day.
I'm looking for a hotel in the south, I don't need a free parking option.|Sure, do you need a hotel room or would you like a guesthouse?
It doesn't really matter to me.|Are you looking for a particular price range?
I am looking for one in the expensive price range.|We have the Lensfield hotel in the south that is in the expensive price range. Would you like a reservation there?
Sure, I need 3 nights arriving on Saturday.  There are 7 of us.|I am sorry, I could not get that booked for you maybe another day or a shorter stay perhaps?
How about 1 night?|I was able to successfully book for 1 night. Your reference number is GS8AHUYB. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I am also looking for a restaurant in the same area that serves Italian food.|The pizza hut cherry hinton features italian food and is located in the south.
OK, can I get theie phone number and postal code?|The phone number is 01223323737 and the postcode is cb17dy.  Can I help you with anything else?
No, that's everything. Thanks!|You are welcome, have a great day!
I hope that you have a great day as well!|Thank you, if you need anything else just ask.
Hi, I need a train out of Cambridge, thanks!|Sure, where will you be traveling to?
I will be going to london liverpool street.|There are 70 trains available. Is there a specific day and time you would like to leave or arrive by?
I would like the train to leave on friday after 15:30.|TR9956 I believe would be my choice.  Thank you.
OK, can you book that for 8 people, please?|Booking was successful, the total fee is 132.8 GBP payable at the station .
Reference number is : SEJBN5KV.
Great, can't wait! Are you able to help us find a cheap Chinese restaurant somewhere near the city centre, also?|Certainly! There are 3: Charlie Chan, Rice House, and Golden House. Do any of these sound like they'd be to your liking?
Yes, all of them are.  Can you get a table for all 8 of us at Charlie Chan at 12:15 for the day we travel?|Unfortunately I wasn't able to make that reservation. Is there another date or time you would like me to try?
Could you try 11:15, please?|I was able to get you at table at charlie chan at 11:15 for all 8 guests.  Your reference number is YZERKJXH.  Anything else I can help with?
Nope, that'll be everything I need!|Have a nice visit
Hello, I'm looking for an expensive restaurant that serves british food please|I have 6 expensive British restaurants. Is there an area of town you'd like to be in?
No, there is no particular area I would like to be in.|I would recommend the grafton hotel restaurant, located at Grafton Hotel 619 Newmarket Road Fen Ditton on the east side of town. Do you need more information?
i would also need the phone number|01223241387 is the phone number. Can I help you with anything else today?
Yes, I'm looking for a train that's heading to Cambridge by 14:45.|OK, what is your departure station and what day are you traveling?
I'm departing Leicaster on Wednesday. I need a booking for 1 person with a reference number please.|I'm sorry, there are no trains that meet your criteria.  Do you have any alternative options?
I do not, thank you for the information|Okay, may I help you with anything else?
Are you sure there are no trains from leicester to cambridge on wednesday before 14:45? That seems odd to me.|sorry, there are no trains from leicester to cambridge on wednesday.
I really only need a train for that route. Thanks for your help.|Okay, sorry about that.  I hope we can help you in the future.
I'm looking for a place to eat christmas food|Unfortunately, I am not finding anything that serves christmas food. Would you like me to try another type of food?
Yes, how about a restaurant that serves Indian food.|Do you have a price range or area preference?
any range is fine.|Do you have an area preference?
I'm sorry, but the price range should be moderate. The area doesn't matter. I just need one that is available for 3 people at 13:00 on sunday.|I was able to get you a table at Rajmahal in the east part of town at 7 Barnwell Road Fen Ditton, reference number FRFMWN4U. Anything else I can help with?
Are there any good attractions in the centre of town?|There is Holy Trinity Church on market street
Okay great, could you give me the phone number and postcode?|Yes. Their postcode is cb23nz and you can call them at 01223355397. Is there anything else I can help you with?
That is all, thank you very much.|You're welcome, have a wonderful day! Goodbye.
Is there an expensive restaurant serving caribbean food?|I'm sorry but there aren't any venues offering Caribbean food in the expensive price range.
How about thai?|There's Bangkok City in the centre of town, and Sala Thong on the west side.
Great, what is the address and phone number for bangkok city?|their phone number is 01223 354382 and address is 24 Green Street City Centre.
Can you help me find a cheap place to eat?|There are 22 restarants serving cheap food. What type of food would you like?
Indian would be good as long as it's in the center. I need to book a table for 2 people at 18:15 on a Sunday.|The Gandhi has great food at an even better price! Should I book you a table here?
Yes, that would be fine.|Unfortunately there are no tables available for Sunday at 18:15. Would you like to try for a different day or time?
Yes can you try Sunday at 17:30 please|I'm sorry, but booking was unsuccessful. Could you try a different day or time?
do you have anything available for sunday?|No, could you try another day and time?
How about 17:15?|I was able to book the table for you for your party of 2 on Sunday at 17:15. The reference number is Z16ZTXKY.
Great. That'll be everything. Thank you!|Thank you, good bye.
I'm looking for a cheap restaurant that serves modern european food.|the river bar steakhouse and grill offers modern european food and their prices are cheap.
That sounds good, could I please have their phone number and postcode?|Their phone number is : 01223307030 and their postcode is cb58aq. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I also need to find information on University Arms Hotel, can you help me find it?|Sure! It's a 4-star, expensive hotel in the centre. It offers free internet and parking. Address: regent street cb21ad. Phone number 01223351241. Would you like me to book it for you?
No thank you, that's all the info I need, thanks!|Thank You, Goodbye
Thank you very much for the assistance, take care!|Thank you for contacting the Help Desk, have a wonderful day.
I need a italian restaurant in the centre.|what about pizza express? it's getting great reviews.
Is it an expensive restaurant?|No, Pizza Express is moderately priced. But I could find a cheaper option if you would like?
I would prefer an expensive price range and need a reservation for 1 at 13:30 on Monday.|I am sorry but there are no Italian restaurants in the expensive range in the centre.  Would you like to try another area or type of food?
What would you suggest?|There are two moderately priced italian restaurants in centre or would you like a different type of food?
so, nothing that is expensive?|no expensive with those specifications
Okay, let's just go with a moderately priced one. I need a table on Monday at 13:30 for one person.|Would you like to try pizza express?
okay why not. I need a table for 1 at 13:30 on monday. And I need the reference number too please|Okay. Your booking was successful! The reference number is YBCVLUXU. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Thanks, what places to go are available in that same area?|What kind of attraction are you looking for?
Anything will do.|How about holy trinity church.  The architecture there is quite impressive.
Sounds interesting.  What is the postcode?|The postcode is cb23nz. Can I help you with any other information?
I do not need more information.|Great. If you need help in the future, please contact us.
I am looking to visit the centre while I am here. What types of attractions are available for tourists?|There's a wide variety of attractions from architecture, museums, among others.
Can I get some information about the museums?|Sure thing, is there a certain area you are interested in?
The centre of town please.|There are 11 museums in the Centre area. An example is the museum of archaelogy and anthropology. Are you interested in this one or would you like some other choices?
Could I get the phone number of the museum of archaeology and anthropology?|Their phone number is 01223333516. Do you need anything else?
Yes please. I need a reservation for a particular restaurant called cocum.|Okay, I'm looking at the restaurant Cocum in the west, would you like me to book you a table?
Yes, Wednesday at 17:45. For 7 people.|success! reference number is 3JTL308P, anything else today?
Nope, that's it, thanks!|welcome and thanks for using our services
I am looking for a place to stay and I want it to be a guesthouse.|There are a few good guest houses to choose from, like a and b guest house, acorn guest house, alexander bed and breakfast, and allenbell are all 4 stars.
Are any of those 4 star?|Yes they are. What area would you prefer?
Please recommend one that is in the North. Wifi not a necessity.|i recommend home from home. can i book for you?
Yes book it for 5 people and 4 nights starting from sunday please.  Can you suggest good restaurants in the area as well?|Your booking was successful. Your reference number is LQS5D89F. What type of food would you like?
I would prefer Italian food and to be in the same area as the hotel. Thank you.|da vinci pizzeria is in the north. Would you like me to book it?
Yes, please. Again, there are 5 of us on Sunday. Book us for 11:00.|Booked! The reference number is 4JW5ITOL. Anything else today?
I would like a taxi to the restaurant.|For your taxi, I need to know your departure location and a time you want to leave after or arrive by
I want to depart from my hotel and arrive at the restaurant in time for my 11:00 reservation. Please tell me the car type and contact number for my taxi|Contact them at 07437768895, it is a red Honda.
Thanks for your help, goodbye!|You're welcome and enjoy your visit.
I'm trying to find a restaurant that serves crossover food.  Can you recommend anything?|What area were you looking for?
Anywhere really.|Which price range are you looking for?
I am looking for something in the expensive price range.|No restaurants match that request. Can I search for something different for you?
Can I get an Italian restaurant? address and phone number please.|An expensive Italian restaurant is found in the center of town, Caffe Uno. The address is 32 Bridge Street City Centre. The phone number is 01223 448620.
Thank you, goodbye|Thank you for using this system. Goodbye.
Can you find a restaurant that serves british food and is in the centre?|There are seven restaurants in the center of town serving British food. What price range are you looking for?
I am looking for something in the moderate price range. Can you also provide me addresses?|May i suggest the oak bistro? It has a moderate price range and excellent quality. Would you like me to book a table for you?
I don't need a booking, just an address.|The oak bistro is located at 6 Lensfield Road.
I'm also looking for a guesthouse with a 4 star rating.  I would prefer the same area with free wifi.|I've found the Alexander Bed and Breakfast that would meet your needs.
I will need to book the hotel for 2 nights, with 8 people starting on Sunday, May 7.|I'm sorry, but they have no vacancies for that stay. I could try a different day or perhaps just try booking one night for you.
Is there anything available for just 1 night?|Yes, I was able to book the alexander for one night! Your Reference number is : AWHCN41U
That's great! Thank you very much.|You are very welcome. Have a good day.
Hi. Can you help me find a restaurant?|Yes what part of town are you wanting to dine in?
The north part of town, please.|Can we narrow it down by what type of food and price range you are seeking?
North and moderate. Looking for Basque food.|I'm sorry there was nothing matching your requests.  Is there another type of food you would like to try?
How  about Chinese food?|I have one option for you. Would you like to make a booking?
Yes. I want a reservation for 7 people this friday at 17:15 please.|I'm sorry, I am unable to book a table at that time. Would you like to try a different time?
Is it available on Saturday?|That worked! Your reference number is 4STNZY3W.
Can I also have a train ticket?|What are your departure and arrival stations, and what day and time would you like to travel?
I will be leaving from kings lynn to cambridge and I want to arrive by 09:15.|What day will you be traveling?
I'll be traveling on saturday. Please choose a train and tell me the price, departure time, and train ID.|TR4257 Booking was successful, the total fee is 9.8 GBP payable at the station .
Reference number is : MZ8979PO. May i help with anything else ?
um what? I did not ask you to book it. I asked you to give me the price, departure time, and train ID!|I apologize, that was my mistake. The train ID is TR9102, departure time is 05:11, and a ticket is 9.80 pounds. Is that all today?
No that will be all I needed today. Thank you and goodbye.|Have a great trip. Thanks for contacting us. Goodbye.
Hi, I'm looking to book a ticket for a train departing on Sunday from Cambridge please?|What is your destination?
I want to arrive at London Kings Cross.|What time would you like to leave by?  It is a 51 minute trip for 18.88 pounds.
I don't have a departure time but I want to arrive by 21:30.|There is a train leaving Cambridge on Sunday at 19:00.  It arrives at London Kings Cross at 19:51.  May I book that for you?
No, I just needed the information, thanks.  Have you heard of the Meze Bar Restaurant?|I need more information on the restaurant because my system is not showing me anything on it.
I'm looking for a Korean restaurant that's expensive.|Little Seoul is exactly what you're looking for!
Is it in the centre of town?|Indeed it is. Would you like for me reserve you a table?
Yes, please! I need a table for 8 on Wednesday at 12:00.|Hmm.  I'm not able to book at that time.  Would you like to try another time or day?
How about 11:00 on Wednesday instead?|I was able to make your reservation for 8 at 11:00 on Wednesday. Your reference number is PMZ9SEZP. Do you need anything else?
No. That will be everything today. Thank you.|Have a great day.
I am looking for a restaurant in the moderate price range that serves Lebanese food.|The Ali baba restaraunt serves lebanese food and is in the moderate price range.
Tell me the address and phone number of Ali baba restaraunt.|Their address is 59 Hills Road City Centre and their phone number is 01462 432565.
Thank you bye bye|Thank you for using the Cambridge Restaurant Phone System. Enjoy your meal!
Hi, i'm looking for a local establishment that serves scottish cuisine. Could you recommend somewhere near the centre?|There are currently no available restaurants with scottish food in the centre. Would you me to look in another area?
No, let's stay in the centre. Are there any Chinese places there?|Yes I have many options. What price range would you most prefer?
Any price range is fine.|How about the Charlie Chan? They are a budget-friendly Chinese restaurant in the centre of town.
That sounds good. May I have their telephone number? Also could you help me finding a 4 star hotel in the same area?|There phone number is 01223361763.  university arms hotel is an expensive 4 star hotel.  May I book it for you?
Oh, no, I really need the hotel to be cheap.|The alexander bed and breakfast is the  only cheap 4 star place in the centre of town. Will a guesthouse instead of a hotel work for you?
Yes could you reserve that for me for 2 nights from Thursday for 3 people. I will need a reference number as well.|I'm sorry, but booking was unsuccessful for three days.  Would you like to try two?
Yes please try for 2 nights instead.|A booking for 3 people for 2 days is unsuccessful. Would you like to try anything else?
The booking should be for 5 people and 2 nights. Can you please try again?|Booking was successful. Reference number is : ATBUIFXS. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Thanks.  Yes, please reserve a taxi for me from the Alexander B & B to the restaurant.  I need to leave the hotel by 3:45 at the very latest.|Sure.  Look out for a white Volvo.  The contact number will be 07936735628.  Anything else?
No, that's everything. Thank you for your assistance!|Thank you. Goodbye.
i am looking for a particular restaurant. Its name is called golden wok.|If you go there, you are in for a treat. They have excellent food! They are moderately priced and located in the north. They are at 191 Histon Road Chesterton.
Can you assist me in making a reservation for Friday?|Sure.  How many people will be in your party and what time would you like to dine?
There will be 7 people at 11:15 on Friday please.|I have successfully made a reservation for your party at the Golden Wok for Friday. Your reference is YCGV7GX9. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I need a 5 star hotel too with free wifi.|There are no hotels that match what you need. Would you be ok with booking a four star?
just that would be nice|Would you like a guesthouse or hotel?  Would you like it in the cheap, moderate, or expensive range?  That will help narrow it down.
A hotel, please. I'm not worried about the price.|How about the allenbell it is a guesthouse located in the east it is also cheaply priced with 4 stars.
Great can I book that for 3 nights for 7 people on friday?|Booking was successful. Your reference number is : BNFZMVOX.  Is there anything else you need assistance with today?
I also need a taxi from the hotel to the restaurant.|Okay, what time are you leaving?
I just need to arrive in time for my reservation at 11:15.|I've booked a you a taxi, a blue volvo will come to pick you up. Their contact number is 07808756171
Thank you, that is everything I need|enjoy your stay
Thank you, I will definitely try to do that. Bye.|Have a wonderful day. Goodbye.
Hello, what places to go could you recommend in the Centre of town?|Were you interested in any type of place like a museum or architecture?
I am interested in the cinema. What are my choices? I'll need phone number and entrance fee information.|Okay, Vue Cinema is in the centre and their phone number is 08712240240. I do not have the entrance fee available.
Thank you. Can you find out some information on the oak bistro for me as well?|Oak Bistro is a British restaurant in the Centre of town. It's not too expensive, and is fairly close to the Cinema. Would you like me to book a table?
Sounds perfect.  Can you please book a table for 8 on Sunday at 16:15?|I have booked your table of 8 for Sunday at 16:15. Your Reference number is : QA3C5JW0. Can I assist you with anything else?
No thank you that will be all|Thank you for using this service goodbye
I need an expensive restaurant.|There are 57 expensive restaurants in the city. Is there a particular area you would prefer to dine in?
I would like Chinese food in the centre please.|There are 4.  Can I make a reservation at one of them?  Possibly Tang Chinese?
I need a table for 7 at 19:45 on sunday|I was able to book you at hk fusion on Sunday. Reference number 5UP22RA. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No that will be all. Thanks.|Okay. Enjoy your dinner.
I need a restaurant that serves Thai food, that is expensive and is in Cambridge please|Bangkok City is located at 24 Green Street City Centre. Their number is 01223354382
That sounds perfect. Can you make a reservation for me for 7 people at 3:15 pm on Sunday? I need the reference number, as well.|I was able to reserve that for you. Your reference number is 3CZFPQPV. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, I also need a place to stay. Same price range as the restaurant and in the centre of town, please.|ok i found 2 hotels in that area gonville hotel and university arms hotel which one would you like
Can I get one that has free parking?|Both offer free parking. The University Arms Hotel has 4 stars. Would you like me to book that for you?
Tell me what hotel type it is?|Both of them are in the same category of "Hotel"
Thanks, I  would also like a taxi. I'll need one from the hotel to make it to my dinner reservation.|I booked a car for you, it's a white honda, the contact number is 07776292730. Did you want me to book you at the University Arms, or just the information?
No thanks. I can book it myself later on. Thank you for all your help. Have a good day. Bye.|Have a great day!
Hello, I'd like some information about a place to go in the west.|Are you looking for an attraction or a hotel?
I'm looking for an attraction located in the west.|There are so many different attractions in the west, did you have something particular in mind?
No could you recommend one please?|I recommend Kettle's Yard on Castle Street which is a museum.
Could I get the postcode for that museum? I am also looking for a restaurant called peking restaurant. What area that is in, the address, and postcode?|The post code is cb30aq. I can help you with the restaurant in a moment.
Can you look for the restaurant now?|I have it here. What would you like to know about it?
I need the postcode, area and address.|Peking Restaurant is in the South. The address is 10 Homerton Street and the postcode is cb28nx.
That's all I need. Thanks for the research. Goodbye.|Thanks for using our service!
I am looking for a college attraction in town.|There are 18 choices in town. Is there a specific area you would like to stay in?
I am pretty much open to anything! Could you recommend one and give me their information please?|Sure! Christ's college is located in the centre and is free to enter!
that sounds great. Can I have the phone number, and address for this free attraction please?|The phone number is 01223334900 and it is located on Saint Andrew's Street. What else can I assist with?
Thank you for the information. I also need to find a cheap restaurant serving Italian food. Can you help me with this?|Certainly.  I have five Italian restaurants in the cheap price range.  What part of town do you prefer?
I prefer to eat in the center of town. Is there anything available?|Yup there is a place called Pizza Hut City Centre that serves cheap Italian food.  Want me to book it?
No need to book for now, just gathering information.|That's fine.  Is there anything else that I can help you with today?
That is all I need today, thank you.|Okay, great. Have a wonderful day!
I need info on the Cambridge and County Folk Museum please.|The museum is located in the west side of town at 2-3 Castle Street. The entrance fee is 3.50 pounds. Their phone number is 01223355159. Shall I connect you?
No thank you. But thank you for all your help.|Anything else I can do for you?
Yes, I am also looking for a nice, moderately priced Lebanese restaurant in the area.  I'd prefer it to be within walking distance of the museum.|I am sorry but there is not a lebanese restaurant in the west area, but I found one in the centre. Would you like me to book a reservation?
In the centre yes please.|Ok, it's called Ali Baba. How many people will be in your party? Also, what day and time would you like?
I would like to make a reservation for 2 people at 19:30 on Tuesday.|Okay, your table is booked. The reference number is 7GD7F8A8. Anything else I can do for you?
I'm also looking to book a taxi between the two locations.|At what time would you like to leave the museum?
I just want to make sure I am at the restaurant by 19:30.|Your booking is completed. You will be picked up by a grey lexux. Can I help you with anything else today?
could i get a taxi as well?|Yes, I will have one pick you up
Can you give me the contact number for that taxi you booked?|Absolutely, the contact number for the taxi that I have booked for you is 07503689471.  Is there anything else I may assist you with?
What type of car have you booked?|A grey lexus will be picking you up.  Can I assist you with anything else?
No, thank you. That all sounds good.|Okay do not hesitate to call us if you need something else.
I'm looking for a cheap restaurant in the east part of town.|the missing sock is a nice restaurant in the east part of town in the cheap price range
What is the address and phone number?|The address of The Missing Sock is Finders Corner Newmarket Road and the phone number is 01223 812660. May I help you with anything else today?
No, thank you, I have everything I need.  Thank you and goodbye!|Thank you for using our system. Good bye
Goodbye.|Goodbye.
Can you help me find an expensive asian oriental restaurant to dine at?|The are two expensive asian oriental restaurants available.  Saigon city in the north area, and kymmoy in the centre area.
Kymmoy in the centre area is great. Would you book a table of 8 people at 11:15 on Thursday for me?|It is not open then, shall I try another time or another place to eat?
Let's try another restaurant.|I have booked you at Saigon City in the North area, 52 Mill Road City Centre. Your reference number is 2OBVXF1O.
Okay great that is all I need at the moment.|It was my pleasure. Thank you for using Cambridge TownInfo centre.  You have a great day!
Can you help me find a moderately priced hotels that has Wifi?|There are 17. What part of town would you like to stay in?
no preference. It needs to have 3 stars and offer free wifi.|Hobsons house is in the west part of town
That sounds great. I need to make a booking for sunday for 4 nights.|How many people are in your party?
Oh, yeah, five people, please.|Ok, you're all booked! Reference number is 7IM8XDQ0. Can I be of further help?
Thanks.  I'd also like to make a reservation at J Restaurant.|How many people, what time and day please?
same group of people, at 12:30 on the same day.|I've booked j's. Your reference number is ZB61EZ13. Do you need any more assistance?
Yes, please. Can I get a taxi between those 2 locations?|Sure thing is there a specific time you need to leave?
Well, I'd like to be picked up at the hotel, and I need to get to the restaurant no later than 12:30, the reservation time.|Booking completed!
Booked car type	:	black bmw
Contact number	:	07539045657
Thanks so much for all of your help today.  That is all I needed.  Bye.|I am glad I can help. Enjoy your stay
Can you help me find a Chinese restaurant please?|I'm sure I can. We have 17 chinese restaurants. Is there an area of town you'd prefer?
I would like to be in the centre of town, and if it could be inexpensive, that  would be ideal.|How about the Charlie Chan restaurant?
Do they have a table available for 5 people on Wednesday night?|For what time please?
I would like the reservation at 19:30 please.|I'm sorry but I was unable to make a booking. Could we try another day or time?
Can you try a different restaurant in the same area and price range?|I am sorry there are no others in the same area and price range.
What about another restaurant in a different area but same price range?|I am sorry there are no others in any other areas,could I check another price range?
No thank you I need it in that area and pricerange.|There is an asian oriental cheap restaurants called Dojo Noodle Bar. Would you like to book there instead?
I suppose that would be all right.|A table is reserved for you at Dojo Noodle Bar. Your reference number is AEQLOL33.
Thank you for all your help today.|Have a lovely day. Goodbye.
I want to find a cheap restaurant in the north part of town.|What food type are you looking for?
Any type of restaurant will be fine.|Da vinci pizzeria is located in the north part of town and in the cheap price range.
I am looking for a restaurant.|What type of food would you like?
I am looking for an Italian restaurant if available|Sure, I can help you with that.  Was there a particular area of town you were looking for?
I'm sorry, I'm actually looking for a restaurant that serves cuban food in the North.|I am sorry but there are no restaurants matching your request. Would like to try another part of town?
how about a french restaurant?|restaurant two two is a french restaurant in the north. Would you like me to book that for you?
Yes can you please book that for me?|Yes when would you like to book?
Actually, I just need a little more information. I don't need to book right now. What is the price range for this restaurant?|It is an expensive restaurant located at 22 Chesterton Road Chesterton.  What else would you like to know?
Just the postal code and phone number please.|The postal code is cb43ax and the phone number is 01223351880. Would you like me to book the restaurant for you?
No but I would love it if you could find me something fun to do in the same area, maybe something boat related.|The riverboat georgina is in the north and great fun. The address is cambridge passenger cruisers, jubilee house, postcode cb43ax. Do you need more information?
Great, thanks so much! Can you please book me a taxi from the restaurant to the attraction, leaving the restaurant by 15:30?|I need the name of the restaurant
It's a french restaurant, Two Two, I believe.|I have booked the taxi it is a red volvo with contact number 07626130412.
Have a nice day.|Thank you for calling.
i am looking for a place to dine. The restaurant should be in the cheap price range and should be in the west part of town.|There is an Italian and a Vietnamese restaurant in that area. Would one of these work for you?
How about the Italian one? Book for 1 people at 13:00 on saturday. reference number please?|Booking was a complete success mam, your reference number is QAOD1MXA.
Thanks so much. I also need info on magdalene college|Yes sure Magdalene College is located on Magdalene Street and their telephone number is 01223332138 an it is free to enter.
May I have their postcode as well?|Their postcode is cb30ag, is that all I can help you with today?
Yes, i also need a taxi between the two places.|What time would you like to arrive by?
I would like to arrive by 5:30, if that would be possible.|your booking is complete your car will be a black bmw the contact number is 07594757678. It will have you at your destination by 5:30 is there anything else?
No thank you so much for all of your help|You are welcome. Have a nice day.
I'm looking for a japanese restaurant in town.|Wagamama is a japanese restaurant in the centre of town.  Would you like their location?
Yes, what is their address and phone number?|its address is 36 Saint Andrews Street and phone number is 01223 462354
thank you good bye|You're welcome. Have a good day!
I want afghan food in the centre of town.|What price range are you looking for?
Any price range will be fine.|What area are you looking for?
Centre part of town.|There are no restaurants that serve Afghan food in the center of town.
How about a place serving Turkish food?|There are three restaurants, the locations are Bridge Street city centre, King Street City centre, and the more expensive is on Mill Road city centre. Which do you prefer?
I don't care|Anatolia meets your criteria. Would you like their contact information?
Yes, what is their price range and address?|Anatolia is in the moderate price range and is located at 30 Bridge Street City Centre.
Thank you. Good bye.|Thank you, goodbye!
I am looking for a restaurant in Cambridge called Nandos City Centre.|I know that restaurant well.  It is a Portuguese place located on Andrews Street.  Can I make a reservation for you?
No, I don't think I'm ready to do that yet.  Can you just tell me where it is on Andrews Street?|The address is 33-34 Saint Andrews Street
Okay great. I am also looking for a train that goes to cambridge & leaves after 08:30.|There are over 1,000 trains that arrive in Cambridge after 8:30. What location are you leaving from and what date are you leaving?
I'm leaving on tuesday and from Norwich|Okay there are two trains. One leaves at 5:16 and the other at 6:16. Can I book either of these for you?
No, those won't work at all. As I said, I need to leave after 08:30.|How about TR4134, it leaves at 09:16
That's perfect. I need to book the train for 3 people. Once it is booked, can I have the reference number?|I have it ready, you will pay at the station. Your reference number is fp0gzttn. Can I be of any further help?
No, that is all. Thank you.|Is there anything else I can help you with?
No that is all, thank you. Have a great day!|You as well! Thank you. Goodbye!
I'm looking for a Chinese restaurant please. Or one that serves Chinese food.|What area of town would you like the restaurant to be in?
I'd like to be in the centre of town.|Jinling noodle bar is in the centre area serving Chinese in the moderate price range. Would you like to reserve a table?
I want something expensive.|I think you would enjoy ugly duckling. Want more information?
Could you make a reservation for 3 people at 15:15 on Saturday and provide the reference number? Also looking for a theatre in the same area.|I made a reservation for your party of 3 at the Ugly duckling for Saturday at 15:15. Your reference is PEZ07FH7. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I am also looking for a theater.|There are 4 options, but i personally recommend the cambridge corn exchange, would you like more info?
Yes more info and adress and is there any fee's ?|Ok, their address is Wheeler Street.
And i there an entrance fee?|I do not know you can call 01223357851 and find out. I suspect it varies based on day and time so calling would be best.
That's great I will call them, thank you.|No problem, are you all set or is there anything else that hasn't been covered yet?
No thanks. You covered everything. Have a good night. Bye.|Enjoy your dinner.
I'm looking for an expensive restaurant that serves Thai food.|Ok, I've found two. One is in the west and one is in the centre.
Pick your favorite and book it for 2 please.|I would recommend Sala Thing, for your booking of two, what day and time would you like that for.
maybe friday at 14:45|Booking for Sala Thong was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Your reference number is MY18QAH7
Thanks. Can you also find a place to go in the centre?|We have 44 different things to do in the centre of town. Do have a type you're looking for, like a theatre, college, or architecture?
I'm looking for an attraction with multiple sports in the centre of town.|I'm sorry, we don't have anything like that. Is there something else you would be interested in?
What about a night club?|There are 5 nightclubs in the centre. I would recommend the soul tree nightclub at 1-6 corn exchange street. The entrance fee is 4 pounds.
Nice! Please get me their phone number too|The soul tree phone number is 01223477900. May I help you with something else?
That is all thanks.|You are welcome. Have a great day.
Can you help me find an expensive restaurant in the west?|We have nine of them that fall in the price range, do you have any more specific preferences?
I was hoping for Indian food.|I have 5 places that match your wants. Would you like to try the india house?
Sure. Do they have table for 1 on Sunday at 15:45?|Confirmed table for 1 for 15 minutes on the said date. Do you need me to keep the reservation and is there any other thing i can do for you?
I'd like to have the reference number please|Yes of course. It is CHBHZPDM.
Yes I am seeking information on a particular hotel, Hobson's House.|its a guesthouse located in the west and has free internet and parking, would you like a room?
I'm not sure. What is the price range?|It's in the moderate price range.
Can I get a taxi that would take me from Hobson's House to the restaurant?|I'd love to help. When would you like to arrive by?
I would like to arrive by 15:45.|I was able to book a black bmw phone number is 07591473862
Great! Thank you for your help.|You're welcome! Can I help you with anything else?
No thank you. That's all that I needed.|You're welcome, have a great day!
I am excited to be coming and would love to find an expensive mexican restaurant.|Then you want chiquito restaurant bar on the southend! Would you like me to book you a table?
Not right now, but could you give me their phone number and postcode?|I'd love to. The address is 2G Cambridge Leisure Park Cherry Hinton Road Cherry Hinton, and the postcode is cb17dy.
What area is that in?|it is in the south area.
Are there any architectural attractions near there?|There are no architecture attractions in the south.
What about something for entertainment?|Sure, most people love Tenpin, located at Cambridge Leisure Park, Clifton Way, postcode cb17d.
What is their phone number?|08715501010 Can I help you with anything else?
Can you also help me book a taxi|Certainly, were would you like the taxi from?
I want to leave the Tenpin by 17:15 to go to the Chiquito restaurant.|How many passengers will there be?
It will just be me, so one.|You are booked for a grey Toyota. The taxi contact number is 07123501809. Do you need help with anything else?
Could I get a phone number for the restaurant please?|You can reach them on 01223400170
that's all i need thanks|Glad I could help, have a good day.
I'm looking for hungarian food in the Centre|I'm sorry, there are no Hungarian restaurants listed in the centre part of town.  Would you like to try something else?
How about turkish food?|There are three restaurants that serve Turkish food in the center of town. What price range would you like?
No preference about price range.|How about Anatolia? It serves Turkish food and it is in the centre of town.
What is Anatolia's address?|Anatolia is located at 30 bridge street city centre. Is there anything else I can help you with?
What's the price range?|Anatolia is in the moderate price range.
Thank you goodbye.|Goodbye.
Find me a train from london kings cross to cambridge please|sure, what day are you traveling?
I'll be traveling on monday|Could I get the time you would like to leave or arrive?
I would like to travel on monday, and arrive by 12:45|There is a train that arrives at 12:08. Would you like to travel on that train?
Yes, that would be fine.|TR5720 leaves london kings cross for cambridge at 11:17 cost is 23.60 pounds. Can I book a seat for you?
Yes for 8 people please. I will also need a reference number.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 188.8 GBP payable at the station .
Reference number is : 096H57VB.
Thanks, i'm also looking for a restaurant in the centre that serves french food.|Cote is a french restaurant in the centre. Would you like to make reservations?
No thank you but I do need the phone number, price range and postcode.|It is in the expensive price range, phone number is 01223311053, and postcode is cb21uf
Thanks so much. That's all I need today. Good-bye.|welcome and thanks for inquiring with us
I'm visiting cambridge and I need a place to stay. I'm looking for a 0 star guesthouse.|I have two options. One in the north and one in the center. Do you have a preference?
No, it should be in the moderate price range and include free wiki, though.|I'm so sorry but we don't have anything that exactly matches that.  Since you want a 0 star how about a cheap guesthouse called el shaddai in the centre?
what about  the one on the cheap range?|Yes I have two options for you. Would you like to book one of these?
Yes, can you book for 8 people, 3 nights, starting on thursday.|I have made a booking for you for city centre north b and b. Your reference number is K9NGVLIT.
thanks i'm also looking for a restaurant.|I'd be happy to help you.  What kind of cuisine are you wanting to try?
i am actually looking to book a restaurant called riverside brasserie.|What day would you like to book that for?
I would like to book it for Thursday for 8 people for 13:45.|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Reference number is : KUWF73DZ.
Thank you so much!|Can I help with anything else today?
Nope, that's it, thanks!|Glad I was able to help you. Have a good day.
Can I get some information on a train?|Sure! Please provide your itinerary.
I am departing from Cambridge and going to Leicester on Monday.  I want to leave after 16:30.|I have a train leaving at 17:21 with arrival at 19:06. Would you like me to book that for you?
No thank you. I would like the price, train ID and travel time please.|The train ID is TR2696 it leaves at 17:21 and arrives 19:06 the travel time is 1:05 with a price of 37.80 pounds.
Perfect. Thanks for that info. Now please find me a restaurant that serves crossover food in the centre|There aren't any in that area, should we try another?
How about one that serves Chinese food?|Why yes I do. Ugly ducking has great chinese food and the rice house is pretty good as well
ok, what's the phone number for ugly duckling?|That's odd. Ugly Duckling doesn't have a phone listed. I can give you their address, or I can book a table for you?
i would like the address please.|The address is 12 St. Johns Street City Centre.
What is the postcode for that address, please?|Their postcode is cb21tw, is there anything else you need?
Thank you for all your research--you saved me time. Great service. Goodbye.|Thank you for contacting us have a nice day.
When visit I would like to visit King's College, do you have the times and the address?|The address is King's Parade. I don't have the times. Do you need anything else?
I need the post code and the entrance fee.|The entrance fee is free and the post code is cb21st.
Thanks. I'm also looking for a place to dine at. Can you help with that too?|Yes, what type of restaurant are you looking at?
I am looking for some south indian food that is expensive.|Unfortunately there are no South Indian cuisine restaurants in your preferred area. Would you like me to check another part of town?
No, can you search for Chinese food instead?|What area of town would you like to eat in?
North and moderate price range|We have one Chinese restaurant in that area, Golden Wok.  Would you like to make a reservation?
No, I don't need one right now. In fact, I'm all set. Thanks for all your help!|thank you and enjoy your stay!
I am looking for a place to eat at that is expensive and serves food with afternoon tea.|Unfortunately, I don't have any places that serve tea that are expensive. Did you want me to try a different price range or type of cuisine served?
No thanks. Instead, could you tell me where to get Thai food?|I found two Thai restaurants one is in the west and one in centre. Which would you prefer?
The one in the centre is fine, I would like a table for 1 at 14:15 friday please.|For how many people?
Can you make sure that's an expensive restaurant?|It is an expensive restaurant yes
Great can I reserve that for 1 person at 14:15 on friday please?|Your table is booked for Friday at 14:15 for 1 person. The reference number is KSS0DI7C. It is only reserved for 15 minutes so please arrive on time.
Thank you very much. That is all I'll need today!|Thank you for contacting us. Have a good trip to cambridge.
I am looking for a place to dine that serves indian food and is located close to the centre, can you help me please?|We have nine Indian restaurants in the centre, with prices ranging from cheap to expensive. Do you have a preference?
I would like a restaurant in the expensive range.|There are several. Would you like to book a table to Panahar, or perhaps one of the others?
Yes, please make a reservation for 6 people at Panahar on Sunday at 13:00.|You are booked at Panahar on Sunday at 13:00 for 6 people. Is there anything else I can help you with?
May I have the reference number for the reservation?|I am so sorry but the panahar is fully booked. My I find another restaurant for you that serves Indian food?
Yes please, in the same area and price range, please.|Okay. I was able to get you into the Golden Curry instead. Your reference number is OXKPJH2R.
Thank you so much. Have a great day.|You are so welcome.
I'm looking for a restaurant that serves swedish food|There are no restaurants that serve swedish food. Are you interested in some other type of food?
Yes, how about North American food. I will also need the address, phone number, and postcode.|There is one location that servies north american food. It is and expensive restaurant in the centre of town.
What is the address, phone number, and postcode?|The Gourmet Burger Kitchen's phone number is 01223 312598 , they are loated at Regent Street City Centre, and there post code is .C.B 2, 1 A.B
Thank you, goodbye.|Thank you for using our system. Good bye
Are there any cheap restaurants in the south part of town?|There are two choices in the South area serving cheap food. Do you prefer Portuguese or Chinese?
I do not have a preference.|Nandos is the Portuguese place, and The Lucky Star is Chinese.  Would you like more information on one or both of those?
Please give me the address and phone number for Nandos.|Nandos is located at Cambridge Leisure Park Clifton Way and their number is 01223 327908. Is there anything else I can do for you today?
No, thank you. Good bye.|Thank you for choosing our system. Good bye
Can you help me find somewhere to stay with free wifi?|Sure, most places offer that these days.  Do you have an area of town you would like to stay in?
We need the hotel to be in the north.|Okay and what is your price range?
Price range doesn't matter to me. I'd like it to have a one star.|I'm so sorry, but we don't have a one star in that area.  Would you like for me to check a different area?
How about a 4 star rating?|The acorn guest house is a 4 star guesthouse with wifi. Would you like to make a reservation?
sure, i need it for 3 nights starting wednesday.|Before I book how many people will be staying with you?
Please book the hotel for 5 people.|Booking was successful.
Reference number is : YYXR9VMX
Thanks. I also need a restaurant in the same area.|There are several restaurants, what type of food and price range?
Indian food would be great.|Okay, what is your price range? We have one in the moderate and one in the cheap range.
Can you please make a reservation at the moderately priced one?|The Nirala serves Indian cuisine at a moderate price, and is located in the north. How many in your party? What time would you like the table reserved?
Ok great, can you book a table for 5 at 14:00 on Wednesday.|I will book that for you now.
Thanks, I will need the reference number.|Your reference number is QV1Z4XH7.  Can I help you with anything else?
No, thank you for helping me with both bookings so quickly. Have a great day. Goodbye.|Thank you for allowing me to assist you with your travel.
Hi I am looking for an expensive restaurant in the centre of town.|There are thirty-three results. Would you like a specific type of food?
I am looking for Italian food.|Can I recommend don pasquale pizzeria located on 12 Market Hill City Centre?
Okay, let's book a table for five on Wednesday at 14:45.|I was unable to book at 14:45, can I try another time for you?
No 14:45 is the only time that works for all of us. Could you look for a different restaurant in the same area and price range for me?|Can I recommend clowns cafe located on 54 King Street City Centre?
Sure and give me the reference number too please.|Okay I have booked you there and your reference number is O7FJ870G.
Thank you so much for your time. That will be all.|So happy to help, and thanks for using Cambridge TownInfo service today!
We are looking for a place to go while in town in the east.|I have 10 places on the east side. Do you know what type of attraction you may like?
A concerthall would be really nice. Do you have one?|I don't have any concerthalls. But I do have cherry hinton hall and grounds, which is of attraction type "Entertainment." Would you like to hear more about it?
Yes please, can I get the postal code and entrance fee?|the postcode is cb18dw. unfortunately, i don't have information regarding the entrance fee.
I would also like to find a place to eat.  Can you find a gastropub restaurant in the expensive range?|Yes, I would suggest royal standard.
Is that close to the food place ?|Yes it is. It not far at all
So the Royal Standard is in the east?|Yes, I confirm the Royal Standard is in the east. Do you want me to book it for you?
Can you give me the address and phone number of it?|Sure, the Royal Standard is located at 290 Mill Road City, Centre, cb13nl and their phone number is 01223247877. Can I help with anything else?
Ok perfect I also need a taxi to commute between the two places.|Where you wanting the taxi to pick you up at Cherry Hinton Hall or the Royal Standard and at what time?
I would like to be picked from Cherry Hinton at 22:00 and arrive at the Royal Standard, please.|Your booking is completed! Your car type is yellow Toyota and contact number is: 07964380334. Can I assist with anything else?
Can you find the restaurant names Loch Fyne?|Sure! Loch fyne is an expensive seafood restaurant located in the centre. Would you like a reservation?
Yes, please. I need one for friday at 13:45. I'll be dining alone.|I apologize but I was unable to book you for the restaurant. Would you like for me to find you another restaurant?
Sure, any other restaurant in the centre that is expensive would be fine.|There are many resturants that meet those criteria.  Would you prefer African, Asian, British, Chrinese, European, French, Gastropub, Indian, Italian, Japanese, korean, mediterranean, north american, Turkish or thai?
Can you check for another restaurant in the same area and pricerange?|Could I suggest going out of the norm and trying bedouin? It's an african restaurant in the same price range and area.
Yes, please book the restaurant bedouin for me.|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Reference number is : MTBHNB92. Anything else?
No that will be all, thanks for all of your help. Sorry I was such a bother|No problem at all.  have a great day!
Thank you! You were great!|Thank you. Have a great day!
Please suggest to me a 4 star motel in Cambridge that offer free wifi.|We have several.  Do you have a preferred section of the city?
No, but I would like it to be cheap.|There are 8 lodgings to choose from - 7 guesthouses and 1 hotel. They all provide complimentary Internet and parking and all have 4 star ratings.
Ok, I would like to book it for 7 people for 5 nights.|What part of town? What day would you like to start your stay?
I want a hotel but I don't have an area preference.|The allenbell is a cheap option.
Sounds great! Can you book a room for 7 people for 5 nights? We'll be arriving on Thursday.|Yes, I will book that for you now.
Yes, I will book that for you now.|I've booked your party of 7 a room at the Allenbell beginning on Thursday for a total of 5 nights.  Your reference number is H1S8FEQ9. Is there anything else I can help with?
Thanks! I'd also like to book a table at Ian Hong House. It will need to be on the same day, same people, and we'd like to eat at 13:30.|Ok, booking was successful. You've got a table for 7 on Thursday at 13:30. Reference number is : M3V096O6.
Thank you so much for your help|Enjoy the rest of your day, goodbye!
Can you tell me the different museums please|Sure there are 23 museums. Are you interested in one with free entry?
Entrance fee doesn't really matter to me.  Pick your favorite and let me know the postcard, area, and phone number please.|I'd recommend the cafe jello gallery. It's on cafe jello gallery, 13 magdalene street, postcode cb30af. Their phone number is 01223312112.
What area can I find cafe jello gallery?|Cafe Jello Gallery is in the west.  The address is 13 magdalene street.
Ok, just gathering information for now, thank you.|My pleasure. Please call us back if you need anything else.
Thank you, have a good one.|You as well. Have a great trip, and thanks for using Cambridge Towninfo centre.
Thanks again. Bye!|You are welcome. Goodbye.
Is there a good restaurant on the north end of town?|Yes! There are quite a few. Do you have a preference for type of food?
An expensive chinese restaurant please located in the north|There are two, one is called Hakka and another is the Hotpot. Would you like a reservation at one of these restaurants?
Yes, can you provide me the address of Hakka?|It's Milton Road Chesterton, postcode cb41jy. Phone number is 01223568988. If you'll tell me how many people and when you'll be dining, I'll be happy to book it for you.
I don't need a reservation right now, but I am looking for a train. I need to leave Wednesday after 15:45.|I have many options for you. Where are you going and from where are you departing?
I am looking to leave on wednesday after 15:45 and should depart from cambridge and arrive at london kings cross.|The soonest after 15:45 is TR3843, departing Cambridge at 17:00 and arriving in London at Kings Cross at 17:51. Will that meet your needs?
Yes that would be fine. thank you|Is there anything else I can help you with today?
That's all actually. Thank you for the assistance.|You are most welcome!
I am looking for a place called stazione restaurant and coffee bar. Can you help me?|Of course, Stazione is an Italian restaurant in the city centre. would you like me to make a reservation?
Yes. I would like to book a table for 7 on saturday at 11:15 please. And I'll need a reference number.|Your reservation is set. Reference number ZX0558LA. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, I'm looking for information on an attraction called the cambridge corn exchange.|It's a theatre on wheeler street in the center part of town. Is there something particular you'd like to know?
Yes, I'm just curious of the entrance fee.|I'm sorry. I'm unable to find the entrance fee. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I also need a taxi between the two places, I need to arrive by  at the restaurant 11:15.|I booked you a taxi from The Cambridge Corn Exchange to Stazione Restaurant. Look for a Red BMW, contact number 07906175521.  Can I help more today?
No, that's all. Thank you, goodbye.|You're welcome, have a fantastic day.
What can you tell me about the bangkok city restaurant?|sure their phone number is 01223354382. anything else i can help you with?
Thank you! What part of town is it in?|They're in the centre of town. They are an expensive restaurant located at 24 Green Street City Centre. Would you like me to book a table for you?
yes and also looking for a train. The train should leave after 13:15 and should depart from cambridge|I'll need to know how many will be dining, the day and the time you want to dine to book the restaurant. There are several trains leaving cambridge after 13:15.
I won't need to book a table but thank you. For the train I need to leave monday and am headed towards peterborough.|Okay, I have the TR5901 that leaves at 13:34 and arrives at 14:24 Will that work for you?
First can I have the price and what the travel time is?|Train TR5901 has a travel time of 50 minutes and has a price of 16.50 pounds
Can you book it for me?|How many tickets do you need?
I'm not sure how many yet. Thank you for all the information. I'll get back to you. Goodbye.|it is okey, thanks and good bye too
Can you tell me more about the peking restaurant? Thank you.|It is Chinese food in the south part of town, 10 Homerton Street City Centre
Great! Can you book a table for 3 there? We'd like something at 11:15 on Wednesday, please.|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Reference number is : VA3VO5OM.  What else can I assist you with today?
I would like to find a museum to to visit that is in the centre area of town.|The centre has 11 museums. I recommend castle galleries personally. It is free to enter.
That sounds lovely. Could I get the phone number?|Sure, the phone number is 01223307402. I can make a reservation if you would like?
Not right now. That's all I need. Thank you|Thank you for using our services.
I'm hoping to find a restaurant in the centre that serves British food.|How about the oak bistro on Lensfield Road?
What is the price range? It needs to be moderate.|The Oak Bistros price range is moderate would you like more information on it or to book a table?
I'd like a table for 3 people at 11:00 on Friday, please.|The oak bistro is fully booked. Do you want me to try another restaurant in the centre serving moderate British food?
Yes, please try another restaurant in the center serving moderate British food.|I was able to book restaurant one seven, reference number is XXZ4D253.
Sounds wonderful, thank you for your help.  That is all I need.  Bye.|Thank you for calling Cambridge TownInfo centre. Have a great day.
I am looking for a restaurant that serves swedish food in the centre.|There are no restaurants that serve Swedish food in the centre. What would you like to do?
Well, the restaurant should be expensive. Are there any expensive restaurants in the centre of town?|Yes many. It all depends on what type of cuisine you're after.
What about a restaurant that serves gastropub food?|I was able to find two restaurants that serve gastropub for you. I have backstreet bistro and the slug and lettuce, both located in the centre of town.
Can I get a table for 1 at the Backstreet Bistro? Saturday at 17:15, if possible.|It's all booked, your reference number is STQ9N9UV
Excellent. That will be everything. Thank you!|You're welcome. Have a great day!
I want a train out of Stevenage on Saturday.|Alright, did you have a certain destination in mind?
I want to arrive by 11:30 at Cambridge.|There are three trains, one arrives at 6:43, one at 8:43, and one at 10:43, which would you like to book?
The one arriving at 10:43. I just need 1 ticket and a reference number please.|Great! I've booked your trip on Saturday leaving Stevenage and arriving in Cambridge at 10:43. Your reference number is 5CWS7ER4. Is there anything else I can help with?
I also would like to find an italian restaurant to eat at in the west.|There are two options. Prezzo is moderately-priced and La Margherita is cheap. Would you like me to book a table for you at one of those?
La Margherita is perfect for me, please book me a table at that one.|What day and time would you like the table at La Margherita?
Saturday at 15:15.|I was unable to book a reservation at La Margherita for Saturday at 15:15. Is there another day or time that you would like?
Could you see if there's anything at 14:15?|The booking was successful . Your reservation number is C9SBUT9T. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, that's it.|Okay, Thank You. Goodbye.
Hi, I am looking for a restaurant called the hotspot.|Wonderful! The address of the hotpot is 66 Chesterton Road Chesterton, and their telephone number is 01223366552. I can help you get a taxi there if you like.
Thank you! Do you know what the price range is at the hotpot?|It's an expensive restaurant.
What part of the city is that in?|It is in the north area. Would you like a reservation?
I'm also looking for a guesthouse in the east with 4 stars and free parking, is there a place like that available to stay at?|The Allenbell, Leverton House, and Autumn House are inexpensive 4 star guesthouses offering free parking. I have two others that are moderately priced. Do you have a preference?
I'll take the Allenbell. It's in the east right?|Yes, Allenbell is in the east, at 517A Coldham Lane. It is very affordable. Would you like to set up a booking?
I need to double check, does it include wifi?|Yes it includes wifi, would you like to me to book your reservation?
That's all I need for now.  Thank You very much!|You're welcome, can I help you with anything else?
No that's all. Thank you. Goodbye.|Thank you for contacting the Cambridge TownInfo Centre.  Have a great day.
I'm looking for an expensive restaurant in the center of town.|Certainly. Some choices that fit your criteria are Bedouin, Kymmoy, and Fitzbillies Restaurant.
What are the different food types of these restaurants?|In the same order: African, Asian Oriental, British. Do any of these fancy you?
Not actually. I won't be needing anything else at this time. thank you. Good bye.|You don't need any other information?
That's all I need from you today. Thanks.|Alright. I hope you have a wonderful day!
Thank you for your help|You're quite welcome! Thanks for contacting the Cambridge TownInfo Centre and have a great day!
I need the phone number and post code of a restaurant in the east part of town.|Ok. Is there a specific restaurant you are looking for?
Moderately priced restaurant.|Curry Prince is moderately priced and in the east part of town. Alternatively, so is Rajmahal.
What is the phone number and postcode of Curry Prince?|The phone number is 01223 566388 and the postcode is CB58JJ.
Thank you, goodbye.|You're welcome.  Goodbye!
I am looking for a place to dine. The restaurant should be in the centre and should be in the moderate price range.|I have the oak bistro they serve british food.
Is there any place that serves international food?|There are two international restaurants that are in the moderate price range: The Varsity Restaurant and The Bloomsbury Restaurant.
Either would be fine, could you make me a reservation for 8 people at 17:30 on Wednesday?|I've booked you a table for eight, your reference number is PJYZ9VQ9. Can I help you with anything else?
No, that is all. Thanks, good bye.|Thank you for using our services.
I need help finding a very inexpensive place to eat located in the north, can you help me?|Yes there are two listings, one for italian and one for indian food,are those the types of food you are looking for?
I don't care, as long as it's cheap it's fine. Which do you recommend?|Can I recommend royal spice located on Victoria Avenue Chesterton? Would you like to make a booking there?
Yes, I would like a table for 1 at 18:00 on Friday night.|I'm sorry, we were not able to book that restaurant. How about da vinci pizzeria located at 20 Milton Road Chesterton?
How about a different restaurant in the same area and price range?|Yes sure I got you into Da Vinci Pizzeria and your reference number is IQA12P3U.
Thank you so much that is all I need.|Thank you, that was all I needed.
malaysian food in the west part of town|There aren't any malaysian restaurants in the west part of town. Would you like to expand the search?
How about Thai food in the west part of town?|Sala Thong is a restaurant that serves Thai food
What is the address, phone number, and price range?|Sala Thong is an expensive restaurant located at 35 Newnham Road Newnham. Their number is 01223 323178. Is there anything else I can help you with?
What is the postcode please?|Their postcode is C.B 2, 1 U.J.
no, thank you good bye|You're welcome.
He, I am looking forward to trying some local restaurants in Cambridge.  Can you tell me about some train schedules?|I can help you with both of those things. Let's start with what type of food or what part of town you would like to eat.
Can you help me find a cheap restaurant in the north with indian food?|Yes I have one restaurant matching your criteria called Royal Spice. Would you like their telephone number?
No thanks, I need a train from cambridge to stevenage in Tuesday.  I want to arrive before 21:00|Ok, TR6692 leaves Cambridge at 19:21 and arrives in Stevenage at 20:10. Will this work for you?
Could I get the price of that train please?|That ticket will be 12.80 pounds.
Thanks.  Now I think you could help me with an expensive Italian restaurant perhaps?|How about caffe uno in the centre?
Sounds good. Can you book a reservation for Tuesday at 22:00?|How many people will be dining at caffe uno?
I need the reservation for three.|Unfortunately I am unable to book at 22:00 at Caffe Uno, do you have another time?
Um I meant 14:45, my mind wandered, who wants dinner two hours before midnight, lol.  Same booking but 14:45 please.|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : MRKAMZJM. Anything else I can help with?
thanks alot.that is all i needed for today|Great! glad I could help!
Please find me a train from cambridge to stansted airport|Sure, I can do that but first I need a little more information. What day would you like to travel as well as departure and arrival times?
Saturday leaving Cambridge anytime after 20:00 please|TR3128 will leave at 20:40 and arrive by 21:08. Do you need more information or would you like to book tickets?
Can you book me 6 tickets please?|You're all set. Total for tickets is 48.48 GBP payable at the station. Reference number is JD6SA21J.
I am also looking for The Riverside Brasserie.|riverside brasserie is a modern european restaurant in the centre. Its address is Doubletree by Hilton Cambridge Granta Place Mill Lane and postcode is cb21rt. Want to book it?
Yes, I would like to book it and get a reference number.|Unfortunately, I cannot book it at this time.
Can you try for Saturday at 13:00?|How many people will be dining?
6 people will be dining|Your booking was successful. Your reference number is 3VX3AOKS.
Thanks for everything you have been great!|Thank you is there anything else today?
No that is all I needed. Thank you ever so kindly.|Wonderful. I'm glad I could help. Have a great day. Goodbye.
I'm looking for some places that serve crossover food.|There is "international" cuisine. Can you elaborate on what you mean by Crossover? There are places that serve what we call "Modern European" food.
Are these places in the moderate price range?|I have The Varsity or Bloomsbury restaurants that both serve international food, are located in the city center and are in the moderate price range.
Well I really need something on the west side. What about moderately priced Indian food?|There is one Indian restaurant on the west side that is moderately priced. It is the Meghna. Would you like to book a table there?
Sure. Can you book a table for 2 people at 12:30 on Sunday? I'll need the reference number please.|The restaurant is all booked, reference is QAHKT2ZI.
Can you also help me find an attraction called Tenpin?|Tenpin is located on the south side, cambridge leisure park, clifton way. It's phone number is 08715501010. Do you wish to know more?
Yes, could you tell me what type of attraction this is?|Sure, it's an entertainment venue, did you want their phone number?
Yeah, and I would also like a taxi to get to the Meghna from the Tenpin by the reservation time, 12:30. I will need the contact number and car type.|Tenpin's number is 08715501010. I've booked you a taxi in a black ford, contact number is 07634445815. Can I help you with anything else today?
I just need to make sure the taxi will arrive at the restaurant by the booked time of 12:30.|I have scheduled the arrival at 12:30.  If you would like me to change the time, I can certainly do that.
No, you have been very helpful. Thank you for everything.|OK, great, I'm glad you are satisfied. Have a nice time!
I am looking for a restaurant in West Cambridge, in the cheaper price range please.|There is la margherita, an italian restaurant and thanh binh, a vietnamese restaurant.
Yes, I am interested in the one that serves Italian food.|How many people will be dining, and for what date and time?
There will be 4 people and I would like to reserve it for Wednesday at 6:15.|I wasn't able to make that reservation. Would you like to try a different time?
How about 17:15?|That booking was successful. Your reference number is XF1JEIBG.
Great.  Can you also tell me about Churchill College?  I am thinking of visiting that.|Churchill college is on the west side on Storey's way. There is no entrance fee. The phone number is 01223336233. Anything else I can tell you?
I think that was it. Thank you for your help!|You're welcome. Have a great day!
Can you help me find a cheap restaurant in the west side of town?|Certainly! There are two great restaurants that meet your criteria. The first in La Margherita and the second is Thanh Binh. Would you like more information on one of them?
Does it serve creative food?|Unfortunately, no. La Margherita is an italian place. And, Thanh Binh serves vietnamese.
Thanh Binh would be perfect.|Would you like for me to make you a reservation?
yes, I want to book a table for 6 people at 12:00 on sunday.|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Reference number is : H0BFXWTP. Can I help you with anything else today?
Yes, could you find me a train from ely that same day?|Where would you like to go to?
I would like a train to Cambridge, arriving by 09:45.|TR3207 will arrive by 07.51. Should I book it?
Yes,  book that for 6 people. I would also like the reference number.|Your booking was successful. The total fee is 113.28 GBP, which is payable at the station. Your reference number is A5ZWGBQ3.
thanks so much you have been very helpful|Thank you for using the Cambridge Town Info Centre Services! We hope you enjoy your time in Cambridge
I am looking for a restaurant that serves Caribbean food and in the moderate price range.|There is not a Caribbean restaurant in the moderate price range. Would you like a different restaurant?
Are there any spanish restaurants?|yes. la tasca is a nice spanish restaurant in the moderate price range.
What is the address, phone number, and postcode?|la tasca is located at 14 -16 Bridge Street and the postcode is C.B 2, 1 U.F.  Their phone number is 1223 464630.  May I help you with anything else?
Thank you good bye.|You're welcome, goodbye.
I'm coming to town and looking for a good Japanese restaurant to try near the Town centre.  Do you have any suggestions?|The Japanese Restaurant near centre is Wagamama. The address is 36 Saint Andrews Street.
I'll be needing a table for 6 at 13:30 this next monday, can you help?|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. The reference number is 4P2MMPI9.
Thanks for the info! What about attractions in the area?|What type of attraction would you like?
Actually, first, lets get a hotel. Are there any cheap places to stay?|There are 10 cheap places ro stay. Do you have a specific area you would like?
I would like it in the centre near the restaurant. It needs to be a guesthouse.|Would you like to try allenbell?
Does it have free parking?|Yes it does, free parking as well.
That would be great, thanks.|did you need a booking at the Allenbell?
I do not so that will be all, I do need their address and postcode though.|Sure, it is located at 517a Coldham Lane, postcode cb13js.  What else can I help you with today?
Thank you, that's all I need today.|welcome and thanks for using our services
Good bye.|Thank you goodbye.
I need help booking a train to cambridge today.|There are many trains going to cambridge today. Where are you leaving from and what time do you want to depart or arrive?
I want to leave London Kings Cross on Monday and arrive by 18:15.|I have train TR7556 arriving at 18:08,is that okay?
I will need that for eight people.|Great your booking was successful and your reference number is TESIIRJ1.
Thanks can you also help me find some food?|Absolutely! What type of cuisine are you interested in trying?
The restaurant should serve italian food and should be in the south.
The restaurant should be in the expensive price range|Frankie and Bennys fits your criteria, shall I book you a table?
Yes please, for the same group of people on the same day at 21:00.|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : UA39MMKX. You're all set. Is there anything else I can do for you?
No, thanks that's all goodbye|Thank you for calling and enjoy your dinner.
Hi, is there a moderately priced international cuisine restaurant in Cambridge?|There are two in the centre area that are moderate in price.
Can you please book one of those for me and provide the address, area and phone number.|I would be happy to book for you, for how many people and what day would you like to book?
Hmm, let's see...I'm not sure. Before we do that, I also need a hotel in the east part of town with free parking availability.|It appears the Allenbell guesthouse has free parking, is in the cheap price range and on the east side of town. Would you like me to book this for you?
No thank you, I'll travel there myself. Can I get the address and phone number for the restaurant though?|Of course for the "varsity restaurant" the number is 0122335606035 and the address is Saint Andrews Street City Centre. Would you also like the address for the "Bloomsbury restaurant"?
Yes, I would. Can you also give me the address and phone number for the Allenbell Guesthouse?|Their address is 517a coldham lane and phone number is 01223210353
Hi, I am looking for some train information for my trip.  Also, I can't wait to try some of your local restaurants.|Ok.  I can help you with both of those.  Where will you be leaving from?
I'm leaving from birmingham new street on saturday.|TR7802LEAVES 09.40. WHAT KIND OF FOOD DO YOU WANT
I'm not sure it that option will work for me. I need the train to go to Cambridge and arrive by 9:00.|I have several options, would you like me to book that for you. How many passengers would you have?
Yes please. I need to book for 8 people.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 480.64 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : LW32MFA7. is there anything else i can help you with?
Yes. I want to eat at an Indonesian restaurant in the center area of town.|I'm sorry there are no matches. Would you like me to check a different area or food type?
Yes, let's try North American food, please?|I do have one place. Gourmet Burger Kitchen is expensive and in the centre. Do you need a reservation?
Yes, please. Is there something available for 13:15 on Saturday for all 8 people in my group?|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : Z4WQXEDR. Is there anything else?
Thank you that will be all. Bye!|Good day, enjoy your time in Cambridge.
Can you find me a Chinese restaurant please?|Sure.  There are 17 chinese restaurants in town.  Are you looking for a certain price range or location?
Yes.  I would like it to be in the expensive price range.|I have found 5 that fit that description. Is there a particular area you would like?
I would like to book a table for 6 at 15:15 on Tuesday.|I was able to get a table at Hakka in the north. The reference number is 7KW8MVL3 and they'll keep the table for 15 minutes. Does that suit you?
Yes, thank you. That's all for now. Bye!|Thank you for contacting us and enjoy your meal at the hakka. Have a great day.
I am looking for the addresses of each of the moderately priced restaurants in the south part of town.|The address for Pizza Hut Cherry Hinton is G4 Cambridge Leisure Park Clifton Way Cherry Hinton and the address for Restaurant Alimentum is 152 - 154 Hills Road.
Is there anything else?|There is restaurant alimentum which is a modern european restaurant located in the south part of town and is in the moderate price range.
Could you give me the address for Restaurant Alimentum?|Restaurant Alimentum's address is G4 Cambridge Leisure Park Clifton Way Cherry Hinton. May I help you with anything else?
No thank you good bye|Thank you for using our system. Goodbye.
Hello, I'm looking for a train that departs from Cambridge and leaves after 21:45.|There are quite a few options open to you, is there a particular destination you have in mind?
I would like to go to broxbourne|There is no train leaving at 21:45, but there is train departing at 21:59  do you want that train?
Does the train leave on Friday?|I apologize. That train does not leave on Friday. For Friday, I have two trains. One departs at 22:01 and the other at 23:01. Does one of these work?
Yes, the 22:01. Book that for 2 people. I need the reference number too.|Your reservation is confirmed forTR9312 Leaving Cambridge at 22:01, arriving in Broxbourne at 23:01. Your reference number is 59C0U68K. Total fee is 35.79, which is payable at the station.
Great, thanks. Can you also provide me with some info on a restaurant called Travellers Rest?|Absolutely!  That is a British restaurant on the west side of town.  It is considered to be in the expensive price range.
Could you please make a reservation for us at 11:15 on the same day?|I'm unable to make that reservation for that time. Would you like to try a different time?
How about 10:15?|Your table is reserved for 10:15. Your table will be held for 15 minutes. Your reference number is : 3H26GVJV. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, that is all that I needed.  Thank you for your help!|It was my pleasure to help you today. Enjoy Cambridge and text us back anytime!
I'm in the midst of planning my trip to Cambridge and need help finding a guesthouse that offers free wifi|What days would you like ?
Lets find a place first, I would like one in the north.|acorn guest house is a great place to stay.
get me their phone number and address and whether they have free parking|Yes, Acorn Guest House has free parking. They are located at 154 Chesterton Road. Their phone number is 01223353888.
I'm looking for a place to dine. The restaurant should serve unusual food and should be in the same area as the hotel.|I'm sorry. I don't have any matching results. Would you like to try a different type of food, perhaps?
Yes, please try Chinese food instead.|There are three options available. I'd recommend The Hotpot. Would you like to book a table?
Not at the moment but I would like their phone number and address with postcode.|They are located at 66 Chesterton Road Chesterton in the north part of town. Zip code is cb41ep and their hone number is 01223366552.
Thank you, that is all for today. Goodbye.|Bye. Thank you for using our services.
Can you let me know if a place called the Gonville hotel is still around?|Yes and it is as popular as ever.  It is 3 stars and quite expensive.  Would you like me to book a room for you?
What area of town is it in?|It's in town centre.
Ok, thanks. Also, are there any Indian restaurants in the centre?|There are several with various price ranges.
Whatever you recommend. Give me your best recommendation and go ahead and book me for a table for 6 people. I want to go on Saturday at 15:30.|saffron brasserie has your reservation. It will be held for 15 minutes. The reference number is, PRYP175N. Can I get you the address or phone number?
No, that will be all. Thank you!|Thank you for using our service!
I am looking for a hotel with free wifi and 3 stars.|We have two options that meet those criteria, do you have additional requirements or would you like me to suggest one for you?
I just need a hotel with this criteria.|you can choose from either the gonville hotel or the lensfield hotel.
I would like the Gonville Hotel. Can you make booking for me for 6 people and 4 nights starting from Friday? Thanks|Ok I will book it for you for 6 people
Can I get a reference number for the Hotel, please?|You're all set, ref# CM4QWR6X. Is there anything else I can help with today?
That is all I need. Thank you.|I'm glad I could help. Have a good day!
I really need to find a restaurant that serves modern european food. An expensive one is fine.|Darrys Cookhouse and Wine Shop is an expensive modern European restaurant in the center. Would you like to book a table there?
No, that's okay, I'll just drop in.|Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Please provide phone number, address, and postcode for Darrys Cookhouse and Wine Shop.|Darry's is located at 40270 King Street City Centre, cb11ln. Their phone number is 01223505015. Can I help you with anything else today?
While I have you, could you please give me some information about the Hamilton Lodge, if you have it?|well it's a guesthouse located in the north and offers free wifi and parking, would you like to reserve a room?
Yeah, actually, I need rooms for 6 people starting on Thursday. I need it for 5 nights.|Your booking was successful. Your reference number is ZJ1XGX96.
Thank you. That's all I need.|Alright then, have a nice stay here and enjoy!
My friend recommended Little Seoul, but I need some help locating it.|little seoul is in the centre of town at 108 Regent Street City Centre, the phone number is 01223308681.
Great!  Can you help me book a table for Wednesday?|I'll be happy to book you a table for Wednesday. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Yes make a booking for 5 people at 15:15 on wednesday.|Your booking was successful and the reference number is B0ZSF0CI.
Yes, I need a train departing cambridge going to leicester.|I found 133 trains for you, what day would you like to leave?
I want to leave after 13:15 on Thursday.|train id TR1160 fits your criteria. can i book for you?
Yes, please book it for 5 people.|Done! Your total is 189 GBP (you can pay at the station) and your reference number is 4VLDG178. Can I assist you with anything else?
No, that was it. Thank you for your help. Good bye.|Bye! Have a great day!
I'm looking for an expensive restaurant for tonight in the centre of town, can you provide me with a list of my options?|Kymmoy is located in the centre of town.
May I have the postcode to Kymmoy please?|Certainly, the postcode is cb12as. Is there any other information you need?
That's all that I needed thank you!|You're welcome. Have a great day!
Yeah, would you happen to know if there is anything fun to do in town near me?|There are many options. What attraction type do you prefer? Any preference for area?
I'm not sure what types are available, but I am looking for something in the city centre.|In the centre of town there are 44 different attractions. I have theatres, nightclubs, swimming pools, parks, museums, concerthalls, colleges and boats. Does one of those interest you?
Please pick your favorite one to recommend to me and provide me with the name, attraction type, and entrance fee. I am open to anything!|I enjoy going to a concert hall. There is the man on the moon in the centre of town.  You can call them for the fee at 01223474144.
Thanks for the information. What can you tell me about a restaurant called Galleria?|Galleria is a European restaurant in the centre of town,   Would you like me to book you a table?
Yes, please.  Book a table for 6 people at 17:45 on Friday.|Thank you for holding. I have booked a table for you at the Galleria. Your reference number is PUVXNKEZ. Would you like their address and phone number?
No, thanks. I will need a taxi to arrive at the restuarant by 17:45.|Where would be your departure site?
The concert hall you recommended. The man on the moon?|Ok, I have booked the taxi for you.  It will be a black Volkswagen & their # is 07107131521. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I think that should cover it. Thank you for your help!|You are welcome. Thanks for choosing Cambridge TownInfo centre today!
I'm looking for a restaurant in the expensive price range that serves indian food.|Curry Garden at 106 Regent Street City Centre fits your criteria. Would you like me to book it?
Yes please, what are their hours of operation?|What day and time would you like to book a table?
On Friday please at 19:30 for a party of 5 please.|Your reservation has been made for friday at 19:30 for 5 people at Curry Garden. The reference number is APDCC4GS. Thank you and have a nice day!
Thank you for your help.|You are very welcome. Have a nice day.
I would also like to book a train departing from Cambridge after 15:30.|I'm happy to help with that. Where would you like to go? Do you have a day in mind?
I'd like to go to Stansted Airport on Saturday. There will be 5 of us. Can you book that?|5 tickets for train TR0638 departing from Cambridge at 15:40 and arriving at Stansted Airport at 15:08 this Saturday. The fee is payable at the station. Reference number: MVIBVUVE.
Thanks thats all.|You are very welcome. Is there anything else that I can help you with?
No thank you. You've been very helpful.|Have a great day.
Thanks, you too, can I just close this dialogue?|Yes you are all set thank you for using our system.
Hi there.  I am looking for some information on places to go in town.|What types of attraction are you interested in?
The attraction should be in the center and should be in the type of college.
Make sure you get phone number and postcode.|You should go to Corpus Christi, the phone number is 01223338000 with a postcode of cb23bu.  Can I assist you further today?
Yes, I'd like to find a good restaurant please. I'm in the mood for Indian food and money is no object.|There are quite a few Indian restaurants in the centre and since money is no object, I recommend the curry garden. Would you like me to book you a reservation there?
I'm not ready to book a table yet.  Can I get the address including postcode, please?|Sure. The Curry Garden is located at 106 Regent Street at the City Centre. The postcode is cb21dp.
Great I also need a taxi that will help me commute between the two places.|what time do you need to leave or arrive by?
i want to leave the attraction by 15:00|Your taxi reservation on a white Ford is complete. You will be picked up by 15:00 at Corpus Christi and dropped off at Curry Garden. The contact number is 07699910200
Great, thanks very much!|Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
That is all, thanks.|Have a nice day.
I am looking for a Danish place to eat and I would like it to be on the expensive price range.|Sorry there is nothing matching your requests. Would you like to change your request?
No, thank you.|I'm afraid I'm not finding any Danish restaurants of any type.  Would you like to try a different style of restaurant?
How about African Food in the centre of town?|The bedouin meets your criteria. Would you like to book a table?
Maybe later, for now I would like to know its phone number and postcode.|The phone number is 01223367660 and the postcode is cb12bd. Anything else I can do for you today?
Yes, I am a looking for a place to stay in the same price range as the restaurant.|I found 5 hotels in the expensive price range, do you have an area of town you'd prefer?
The area doesn't matter, but I need free parking, free wifi, and a 3 star rating.|Great, I've found two hotels meeting that criteria.  How many days were you spending at the hotel and how many people will be residing with you?
I need a hotel for 2 people on 4 nights starting on Friday|The lensfield hotel is 1 of 2 places that matches your needs. Can I book you in for this hotel?
How do the 2 places compare?|The lensfield hotel is in the south while the gonville hotel is in the center.
The centre works much much better for us. Can you please book that for me? If that doesn't work can you try 2 night?|So sorry, the hotel is not available for that booking request.  Would you like a different day or to shorten your stay?
Try two nights and please give me a reference number when you are done.|I was able to book 2 nights at the Gonville for 2 people, starting on Friday. Your reference number is WIQEBN2A. Can I help with anything else today?
Can you book me a taxi please? I am looking for one to pick me up at the Bedouin and I would like to leave by 18:45|I'd be happy to book that for you, but I just wanted to confirm your destination.  Will that be your hotel?
Yes I will be at the Gonville.|All right, I've booked your taxi.
Thanks. Can I have the contact number and car type, please?|The contact number is 07174376196 and the car is a yellow Toyota. Anything else I can help you with?
No that's it. Thank you very much.|Thank you, goodbye.
Can you help me find a place to dine in Cambridge?|Was there a particular area of town you wanted to dine in? Or a particular style of cuisine?
I would really like some Malaysian food tonight, moderate in price please.|I am not finding any Malaysian restaurants in the city. Would you like a different type of food?
Could you try one similar only Indian this time?|What area of town are you looking to dine in?
Area does not matter.|Do you have a preference to price? I have many Indian restaurants of varying price all over the city.
I would like to stay in the moderate price range.|There a 4 restaurants that would work. Two are in the east. One in the north. One in the west.  Would you like me to recommend one?
Yes can you please five me a recommendation.|I recommend the curry prince then. Do you need anything else?
Can I get a table for 3 people at 11:00 on Wednesday?|Okay, I've got it for you!  The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.  Your number is : PD3GXPL6.
I also need a place to stay that is cheap.|There are many hotels in your price range. What area would you like to stay in?
The area does not matter as long as it is in the type of guesthouse and should have a star of 3.|Unfortunately, I don't have anything that is cheap with 3 stars. Is there a different area or type of room you would like?
How about a 3 star guesthouse in the moderate price range?|I have the hobsons house it is in the west moderately priced with 3 stars. Would you like reservations?
Does the Hobsons House have internet?|Yes, it does. Would you like me to book it for you?
No, just please get me their postcode and phone number and I'll take it from there|their phone number is 01223304906 and postcode cb39lh
That's all I need today. Thank you for your help.|Thank you for calling. Please let us know if there is anything else you need. Have a great day. Goodbye.
i am looking for a place to dine. the restaurant should be in the cheap price range and should serve swedish food.|Unfortunately, I am not able to find any Swedish cuisine in the Cambridge area. Can I look up another type of restaurant for you?
Darn. How about trying a Portuguese place?|Yes!  You can try nandos city centre.  Need a reservation?
Yes, please. Can you reserve a table on Friday for 1 person at 17:45 please?|Done! Your table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Your reference number is RYED8GWK. Is there anything else that I can help you with?
I am also looking for entertainment.|what about the junction? it's a theater near the south
The junction works, could I have their phone number and address?|Of course. The junction is located on clifton way. The phone number is 01223511511.
thank you that will be all|Have a great time and enjoy!
Actually,  can I get a taxi to go from the junction to the restaurant?|Alright, I've booked you a taxi that will get you to Nando's by your reservation time. It will be a yellow Lexus, and your contact number is 07362117815. Anything else?
No, that's really everything this time, I promise. Thanks again!|Thank you for using the Cambridge Town Info Centre Services. We hope you enjoy your time in Cambridge!
I need a train from stevenage to cambridge|There are 70 results. Is there a certain day and time you'd like to leave?
I need to leave on saturday and arrive by 18;30|TR0545 can get you there by 16:43, would you like me to book a ticket?
Yes please get me 5 tickets for that|Booking was successful, the total fee is 51.2 GBP payable at the station .
Reference number is : DZN9X4BU. Is there anything else I can do for you?
Yes, I'm also looking for an expensive restaurant in the west.|There are 9 restaurants in the west that are considered expensive. You have a choice of Thai, Indian, British or European. Which do you prefer?
I'd love to have some Indian food.|There are 5 Indian restaurants that meet your needs. Would you like for me to make a reservation for you?
Yes, please! Can you make a reservation at your favorite for the same group of people at 21:00 on the same day as the train?|Ok, I've booked you and your guests for Saturday at Tandoori Place, 68 Histon Road Chesterton, Reference # 170ZCNIC.
Thank you very much.|enjoy your stay in cambridge
I need the phone number of a restaurant in the west part of town that serves italian ood.|Prezzo is an Italian restaurant in the west part of town, their phone number is 01799 521260.
Thank you, goodbye.|Thank you.  Goodbye!
Hey!  Yeah I am looking for a cheap place to eat in Cambridge.  Particularly interested in international food.|If you're interested in cheap international food, I recommend dining at The Missing Sock located at Finders Corner Newmarket Road.
That sounds great.  Can you book me a table for 12:00 on Sunday for 5 people please?|Your booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Your reference number is : RTMFJMPT.  Is there anything else I can assist you with?
That is all  needed , good bye.|Thank you have a great day.
Hi, I'm interested in finding something to do on the north end of town. Are there any boats there that I might be able to visit?|Yes, the riverboat georgina operates out of that area. Would you like me to provide any additional information?
Yes please. I would like to get the address and postcode for the riverboat.|Certainly, their address is cambridge passenger cruisers, jubilee house and their postcode is cb43ax.
Ok, I need a restaurant in the north side that serves chinese as well.|There are 3 options for Chinese food on the North side. Would you prefer one that is moderately priced or an expensive one?
Whichever one would be able to be booked for 4 people at 13:00 on thursday.|Hakka has been booked, reference number is P1MMD3MO
Thank you. I'll need a taxi to get me to the restaurant.|Can you tell me where you would like the taxi to pick you up and at what time?
I'd like to be picked up from the Georgina, and please make sure I'm there before my booking at Hakka.|Okay, I've booked a white Ford for you. The contact number is 07504485210. What else can I help you with?
That's all I need! Thank you!|Happy to help! Enjoy your trip!
Thank you very much.|You're quite welcome. Enjoy!
Hi, I'm looking for information on the Riverboat Georgina. Could you provide me with any details?|Would you like to know the boat's area, phone number, postcode, or address?
I need the address and phone number, please.|The address for Riverboat Georgina is Cambridge passenger cruisers, jubilee house. The phone number is 01223902091. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes I would like to find information on a restaurant called the Hotpot.|hot Pot is an expensive chinese restaurant in the north. Would you like a reservation?
I want a table for 2 people at 12:30 on Saturday.|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Reference number is : V7IS3L5F.
Thank you!|You're welcome.
I would like to book a moderately priced Italian restaurant if you can find one please.|We have a few options available to you, is there a particular area you are looking for?
I'm looking for a restaurant that serves italian food in the moderate price range.
The restaurant should be in the east.|I have one place. It is the Pizza Hut Fen Ditton. They are located on Cambridge Retail Park Newmarket Road Fen Ditton. Can I reserve you a table?
Sure. I need a reservation for 4 people at 17:00 on Sunday.|I was unable to book you at that day and time.  Might you consider another day or perhaps another time?
Can you try 16:00 instead please?|That time worked! Your reference number, should you need it, is FVNMSUUO. They'll hold your table for 15 minutes. Need anything else today?
Yes I need a train going to broxbourne Monday.|Trains from Cambridge to Broxbourne leave every hour starting at 5:01 AM. At which time would you like to leave?
After 13:30 on Monday.|TR9605 leaves at 14:01 and arrives at 15:01, the cost per ticket is 17.9 pounds.  Would you like me to book you?
I don't think I'll book just yet, but thank you for the information. To confirm, the travel time is 60 minutes?|Yes it's 60 minutes, is there anything else I can help you with?
No I think that will be all. Thank you.|Have a pleasant stay. If there is nothing else, thank you for contacting the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Good bye.
I need a list of available trains leaving from Cambridge after 2pm.|I have a train leaving at 15:00 on friday from 	london kings cross.
I actually need to leave from Cambridge and go to Kings lynn. I also need to travel on Wednesday.|There are 10 trains travelling that way. By what time  do you want to arrive?
What's the soonest arrival time?|The soonest arrival time I have is 14:58.
So the one that arrives at 14:58 that also leaves at 14:00? Because I need it to leave after 14:00.|Yes. TR8793 departs Cambridge at 14:11 and arrives at 14:58. Would you like me to book you a ticket?
Yes, please. I would also like a place to eat that serves european food, is expensive, and in centre area please.|there are two expensive european restaurants and one expensive modern european restaurants in the centre
I would like one of the European ones, please.|We have the eraina and michaelhouse cafe. Which one sounds better to you?
I would like the eraina, can I get the reference number please?|I can certainly book that, how many people will be dining?
I would like to book a table for 8 at 11:45 on Wednesday. Can I get the reference number as well, please.|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Your reference number is : 5MMTA7HY.  Will you need assistance with anything else?
Thank you for your assistance! I will definitely use this service again. Have a good day.|We are happy to help. Thank you for using our service. Have a great day!
Hi there, I need to find a hotel - a guesthouse to be precise. I don't need internet so don't worry about that|24 guesthouses fit your criteria. Do you know what side of town you're wanting to be in or the pricerange?
I'd like a guesthouse rated 3 stars.|There are 4 guesthouses that meet your needs, 2 in the north and 1 each in the west and south. Would one of these interest you?
I will take the one in the south as long as they have a room for 4 available for 5 nights.|I will be happy to make your reservation, what day will you be arriving?
book it for 4 people and 5 nights starting from thursday.|Booking was successful.Reference number is : RVSD43KC. what else can i do for you?
I'd like to find an expensive restaurant in the west to celebrate our family.|What type of food would you prefer?
I would like chinese.|I do not have an expensive Chinese restaurant in the West. Can I find you something different?
What about greek food?|I don't see any expensive greek restaurants in the west either. We do have British, European and Indian options available, though. Would you like information on one of those?
Okay, let's try one that serves British food.|i would suggest graffiti
OK, that sounds good. The same group of people will be dining on the same day that we arrive. Can you book a table for 15:30?|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Reference number is : ZCJZ13XO.  What else can I do for you today?
Great.  Thank you.  Now I need a taxi.|Okay and what day do you need the taxi for?
I will need the taxi the same day.|Sure, where would you like to be picked up from? Also where will you need to be dropped off and what time?
I would like to go from the restaurant to the hotel.|Your booking is completed. A red Honda, contact number 07441837045 will pick you up in front of the restaurant at 17:30. Does this time work for you?
Yes the time works for me . That will be all thanks and have a great day.|Any time, and you have a great day as well!
I am looking for the address and price range of a restaurant serving chinese food in the south part of town.|Peking Restaurant is a Chinese restaurant located in the south part of town in the expensive price range.   Their address is 10 Homerton Street City Centre.
Thank you, goodbye.|Thank you and have a wonderful day!
Thanks again.  Goodbye!|Thank you for using the Cambridge restaurant system. Goodbye.
Need a place to eat, modern euro food at the centre.|There are 4 Modern European places in the centre. Which price range is best for you?
If you could recommend the best one, that would be great.|I believe Darrys Cookhouse and Wine Shop is popular. It is at 40270 King Street City Centre. Can I make you a reservation?
ok great I also need a train that departs from Broxbourne and should leave after 15:00|Which day would you be traveling?
I'd like to arrive in Cambridge on Wednesday if possible.|Train TR5972 departs broxbourne on Wednesday at 15:32 and arrives by 16:32. Would you like to buy a ticket?
Not at this time, thanks. But I appreciate the information. That's all for today. Thanks. Bye.|You're welcome, have a lovely day.
Are there any Mexican restaurants in the centre?|Sorry no, there are no Mexican restaurants in the centre of town. Would you like to check another area?
Sure.  I would be interested in Indian restaurants also.|Curry Garden is in that part of town and they serve Indian food.
Please book this for 7 people, at 18:00 on Sunday.|Unfortunately there is nothing available for 18:00 on Sunday. Would another date or time work for you?
Try 17:00 on Sunday.|Of course. You're booked at 17:00 with reference number TTP6GYCJ. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. May I assist with anything else?
No, that'll do it!  Thanks!|You're welcome, enjoy your meal.
I am  traveling to Cambridge and looking forward to try local restaurants.|Great! Cambridge has many restaurants! Is there a certain type of food you'd like or a certain price range?
Maybe I should figure out my train first.  I am departing from Ely on Friday and want to get to Cambridge by 9:30.|The TR8510 leaves at 07:35 and arrives by 07:52. Would you like me to book tickets?
Yes, please. I will need 5 tickets.|Okay, your booking was successful. Your reference number is EVDO33LE. 22 GBP is your total and it's payable at the station.
I am also looking for a restaurant in the West and really want to have Brazilian food.|that type of food is not served in the west. can we change location?
let's change location and the restaurant should be in the expensive price range.|It looks like there aren't any expensive Brazilian places in the city.  Would you like me to check a different price range?
Can you see if there are any expensive european food?|Cambridge Lodge Restaurant will fit your needs. Would you like for me to book a table?
Yes please, 5 people on friday at 13:30|Booking was successful! Your reference number is : JQ9093PX.
I think that should be it for today! Thank you so much for your help, you've been very kind!|i am glad i have been of help. good day
Have a great day.|have a great day and thanks for staying with us
I am looking for a Malaysian restaurant to visit during my upcoming trip to Cambridge.|My system isn't showing a Malaysian restaurant. Do you have another preference?
how about one that serves spanish food|We have the La Raza and the La Tasca, both are affordable and in the center. Would you like me to send you their addresses?
Could you reserve me a table for 2 at 12:15 on Monday at the La Raza?|Sure. Your reservation was successful and the booking number is BVD49SJY.
I also need to find a hotel for the two of us starting on the same Monday for 4 nights, please.|Will you need parking or wifi?
I am actually looking for a hotel called home from home|I can not seem to find this hotel. Do you have another in mind ?
No, that is the name of the hotel, can you try again?|There is no hotel with that name, can I book some place else for you?
The hotel name is home from home.|I'm sorry I do not see a hotel matching that name. Would you like to try something else?
That is the correct name. Can you try again?|The hotel is not coming up by that name.
Okay, then can you find another in the same vicinity?|We have three hotels in that vicinity. Is there any services you prefer?
No I have no preferences.  I need it for 4 nights for 2 people starting Monday.|I booked you at cityroomz your confirmation number is MM913RGM, anything else today?
Please have a taxi take me from my hotel to the restaurant, arriving in time for my reservation. And give me the booking info|I have booked you with a white volvo. Their number to contact is 07895158193.
.
Thanks that's all I needed for the night.|You are welcome, enjoy your stay.
Hello I am looking for a restaurant that serves Italian food and I need it to be cheap.|There are 5 cheap Italian restaurants. Is there a particular area you're interested in?
No there isn't.|How about something local, such as Zizzi Cambridge? It's located at the centre.
That sounds good can you please give me the address and phone number?|Sure thing! Zizzi Cambridge contact info: Phone: 01223365599 	Postcode: cb21ab 	Address: 47-53 Regent Street. Would you like me to make a reservation there?
Yes I need a table for two.|What day and time would you like the booking for?
I don't know.|How about this Tuesday at 17:00? I can check if they have any available tables.
Sure that sounds good.|I'm sorry could you confirm what restaurant you wanted to reserve a table for 2 at?
Zizzi Cambridge please|thanks for booking the reservation.  Goodbye.
Hello, I am looking for some good Australasian food. I would like an expensive restaurant also.|I don't have matches. Do you have any other food preferences?
And I would like something Australasian, or if you can't find that, Chinese, at least.|Great, we have several Chinese restaurants that are expensive. Do you have a preference on what area it is in?
Any area is fine with me, I can drive there.|Is there a certain price point?
I would like a Chinese restaurant the is expensive.|The Yu Garden is highly recommended, shall I book a table for you?
Yes a table for four please.|what day and time?
Wednesday at 14:45 if that is not available please try Saturday at the same time. Can you send a reference number please?|Booking was successful for Wednesday. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Reference number is : VRHKSK2R. Can I help with anything else today?
I actually need a train from london liverpool street to cambridge, I want to arrive by 10:30.|Sure, I can help you with that.  Was that for the same day?
Yes please. for 4 people as well.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 66.4 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : X5HDVSZ6. Anything more?
no that is it. thanks for your help|Thanks for letting us assist you! Have a great trip!
I want to eat fine british food.|There are restaurants that serve british food. What is your price range?
I like expensive restaurants and would prefer something in the city centre.|There are 3 expensive restaurants in the centre of town that server British food. I would recommend the Midsummer House Restaurant.
Sounds great. Please book a table for 3 at 20:00 on Friday and give me the reference number.|I was able to reserve a table. Your reference number is 2SLK6U5L. Is there anything else you'd like me to do?
No, I think that covers everything. Thanks so much for your help!|You're quite welcome! Thanks for contacting the Cambridge TownInfo Centre and have a great day!
I want to go to a restaurant in the south of Cambridge that serves Spanish food.|There are no restaurants in the South that serve Spanish food. Would you like me to try another area?
Sure, what is the closest restaurant nearby?|I have one in the centre of town would that be okay?
I would prefer it to be in the south and be expensive.|I am very sorry, but the only Spanish restaurant I can locate is in the centre and has moderate price range.  Can I give you more information on it?
Can you find me a cheaper place. The type of food doesn't matter.|The dojo noodle bar may be a good option for you.
Sounds good.  Can I get the postcode please.  Also, I am looking for a train that departs from Cambridge on Thursday.|The postal code for the Dojo Noodle Bar is cb21rq.
The train I need would be departing from cambridge on thursday after 08:30 and arrive to peterborough.|Train TR4863 leaves at 8:34 and arrives by 9:24, would that work for you?
Yes, that would work out just fine.  I need to book for 5 and get the reference number too.  Thanks for your help!|Reference number is : IPBCT9UG. Is there anything else?
No that is all! Thank you!|Your very welcome. Have a nice day.
You too! I hope you have a great day. Thanks for your help.|You're welcome, glad I could help.
I am looking for a restaurant called Efes Restaurant.|Efes restaurant is in town centre, serving turkish food and is moderately priced.  The address for it is King Street City Centre. Would you like to reserve a table?
Yes please, just for 1 on Sunday at 18:45.  I will need a reference number as well.|Great! I booked you in at 18:45 on a Sunday. Your reference number is RZD2U6C2.
Thanks. I'd also like suggestions on attractions in town under the college category.|We have many colleges, some with an entrance free and some without. Do you have a preferred location or cost concern?
I will take one that you recommend.  I will need the postcode and address.|How about churchill college? Address is storey's way, postcode cb30ds. Anything else I can do for you?
What's the address for Churchill College?|The address is saint andrew's street.
Can I get the postcode as well for it?|The postcode is cb30ds.
Wonderful. Thank you so much for this! Have a great day.|And a great day to you as well!
Are there any Chinese restaurants in the centre?|Yes! There are ten of them, ranging in price: cheap, moderate, and expensive. Do you have a preference?
Yes I would like one to be in the cheap price range.|Why not try Charlie Chan? It is a Chinese restaurant in the centre serving food in the cheap price range.
That might work. What's their address?|Regent Street City Centre. Would you like me to book that for you?
No, address will do just fine. I need to book a hotel room that has free parking, can you help me please?|Most of the hotels in town have free parking. Do you have an area or price range in mind?
I'd like it to be in the centre if possible.|We have 4 places to stay in that area, is there a specific type of hotel or price range you're looking for?
I definitely want a hotel and not a guesthouse. I would also like for it to offer free parking.|I have 2 expensive hotels in the area with free parking.  gonville hotel and university arms hotel.  would you like me to book one of these?
Not just yet, but can you tell me the address for whichever is your personal fave?|I recommend Gonville Hotel. The address is gonville place postcode cb11ly. Anything else I can do for you today?
That's perfect, thanks so much for your help!|You are welcome. Thank you for using our service. Goodbye!
I want to find a cheap restaurant and serves australasian food.|There are no restaurants serving Australasian food. Would you like something else?
portuguese food|There are two restaurants available, nandos and nandos city centre. One is in the south and one is in the centre.
I don't care|How about nandos? It is a cheap restraunt on Cambridge Leisure Park Clifton Way
Sounds great, what is their address?|The address is Cambridge Leisure Park Clifton Way, C.B 1, 7 D.Y.
Thank you and goodbye!|Goodbye.
There are French restaurants in Cambridge, right?|Yes, there are 2 french restaurants.
Can you try booking one of them for 8 people at 13:45 on wednesday?|You are all booked at cote. Your reference number is OJFUL39U.
Was that restaurant in the North?  I needed one in the north.|Restaurant two two is in the north. Would you like me to book there instead?
yes, please for 8 people at 13:45 on wednesday|Sure your reservation number OJFUL39U.
I am also looking for places to go in town. The attraction should be in the same area as the restaurant and should be in the type of boat.|Riverboat Georgina meets your criteria. Would you like more information?
Can you give me the address and entrance fee to this attraction?  Thank you for your help!|The address is cambridge passenger cruisers, jubilee house. I don't have the entrance fee available to me, but you can contact them at 01223902091 for more information.
Ok great, thank you. That is all I need.|excellent, have a great day!
Let's find me an expensiove place to eat in the centre|sure i have 33 options for you
How about you pick one and reserve a table for 5 on sunday at 11:45, and I'll need that reference number too.|Sure! I've booked you at Fitzbillies at 11:45 on Sunday for 5.  Your reference number is Y5EX13L7.  Is there anything else I can help you with?
Great can you also help me get a train? I'm looking to go to ely and arrive by 21:30|On what day will you be leaving?
I will be leaving on Monday|TR5484 leaves at 13:50 and costs 4.40 pounds. is that fine with you?
Yes, but i need to book four more people as well.|So I have 5 tickets booked. The reference number is YD9YNVV4.
Thank you very much.|Thank you. Is there anything else?
No, that's all. Good bye|You're very welcome! Have a great day!
I'm looking for a place to stay in the north.|Great! There are 13 places to stay in the north. Eleven of them are guesthouses and 2 are hotels. Do you have a preference?
I would like to find a hotel, preferable one that is moderately priced.|The Ashley Hotel at 74 Chesterton Road is nice.  Can I book a room for you?
Can I possibly get their phone number?|There phone number is 01223350059. Do you require any more assistance?
What's their postcode?|The postcode is cb41er.  Do you need anything else today?
I am looking for a restaurant a friend recommended. It is called the sitar tandoori.|I found Sitar Tandoori for you.  It is located in east part of town.  It is in the expensive price range and serves Indian food.
Thanks for the info, can you also get me a taxi from the hotel to the restaurant? I need the taxi to be there by 04:15.|I booked you a Taxi. the contact # is: Contact number: 07076540763. Is there anything else i can do for you?
What is the car type?|I'm sorry that I forgot to mention it! It will be a yellow audi. How else can I help today?
That was all I needed.  Thanks for all your help.|You're welcome. Have a great trip.
Thank you kind person for helping me!|Please feel free to contact us with any other questions you have! Have a great day!
I am looking for an Indian Restaurant with high ratings in the moderate price range please?|There are 4 restaurants that meet your request. I would recommend the "curry price" located in the east. Would you like me to book that you?
Could you tell me more information about Curry Price?|Curry Prince is located at 451 Newmarket Road Fen Ditton. Their postcode is cb58jj, and their phone number is 01223566388. Would you like to book a table there?
Yes please. I would like to book a table for 5 at 12:30 on Friday, please.|I'm sorry booking that was unsuccessful, can you choose another time or day possibly?
Is it available at 11:30?|You're in luck - they do have a table for 5 at 11:30 on Friday. Your Reference number is : WBHZZWO7. Can I help with something else today?
Yes I'm also looking for a train to Kings Lynn on Saturday.|Where are you departing from?
I want to depart from Cambridge after 10:45.|I found one TR1817 leaving at 11:11 would that work for you?
Maybe. How much does that cost?|7.84 pounds. What's your price point?
That one will work just fine, thank you.|Ok, before booking I will need to know how many tickets you would like to purchase?
No need, that's all I wanted. Thank you for the help!|Thank you. Have a great day.
What is the address for find pizza hut city centre?|The address for that restaurant is Regent Street City Centre.
Thank you, can you book a table for 2 on Friday at 18:00|I'm sorry.  The restaurant is fully booked at that time. What other day or time slot would be good for you?
Please try Friday at 17:00. It should be less crowded then.|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Reference number is : CQV6JDS3.
Thank you for the help.|You are more than welcome!
Hello, I am looking for a moderately priced restaurant on the west side of town.|Meghna, is in the west part of town and in the moderate price range.
Is there anything else?  Can I have the address and phone number please?|Okay, Meghna's phone number is 01223 727410 and they are located at 205 Victoria Road Chesterton. Is there anything else I can do for you?
Are there any other restaurants in that price range and part of town?|Yes, prezzo serving italian food, and saint johns chop house serving british food are also in the west part of town.
What is the address and phone number?|Thier address is 21 - 24 Northampton Road and phone number is 01799 521260
Thank you goodbye.|I hope you enjoy Saint Johns Chop House.  Goodbye.
Can you help me find Cambridge University Botanic Gardens? Thanks.|Yes, cambridge university botanic gardens is a park located in the centre of town, there is a 4 pound entrance fee.
Do you know the hours that they are open?|I'm sorry, I do not have that information.
am also looking for a particular restaurant. Its name is called the copper kettle|Ok.  The cooper kettle is a british restaurant located at 4 Kings Parade in city centre.
what's the postcode?|The postcode is cb21sj. Can I help you with anything else?
I will need a taxi to get to the botanic gardens.|Do you need it from the restaurant? What time would you like to leave?
I would like to leave by 21:15. Could you provide a contact number and car type?|I'm looking at Yellow Lexus that will pick you up from the restaurant. The contact number is 07336692498.
Great that's all I needed, thank you.|No problem, we are always here to help. Good day!
I need some help finding a place to stay in the east please.|there are many. what is your price range?
Price isn't really a factor, but I would like 4 star|I have 6 four star guesthouses in the east. Would you like to book one today?
Do any of them offer free parking and wifi?|yes 5 of them. what is your price range?
Price doesn't matter. Any of the five will be fine. I'll need it booked for Wednesday. It will be 3 nights and for 6 people.|Okay, I went ahead and booked you the warkworth house. Your reference number is 9HN7CVKZ. Can I help you wtih anything else?
I would also like a cheap place to eat in the same area.|the missing sock is a cheap restaurant in the east that serves international food. can i give you the address?
That sounds perfect, yes please.|It is at Finders Corner Newmarket Road.
A table for 6 at 13:15 on Wednesday would work. I'll need a reference number.|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : VE35KBVE. Anything else I can help with?
no, that is all. goodbye.|Thank you for using our services.  Goodbye.
I'm looking for a restaurant in the north.|Absolutely! What type of food are you looking to eat and is there a specific price range?
I want some light bites food, and cheap if possible.|I haven't found anything. Is there another cuisine you're interested in?
how about one that serves italian food|da vinci pizzeria is a good choice! Would you like a reservation?
Yes  I would like to book a table for 2 at 12;30 on Thursday please.|Your reservation has been made. The reference number is 6BL860WY.
great, thanks for your help.|Is the anything else I can help you with ?
I am looking for a place to dine. The restaurant should be in the west and should be in the cheap price range|I have both an Italian restaurant and a Vietnamese Restaurant. Do you have a preference?
I don't care  book a table for 5 people at 15:30 on friday.|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Reference number is : YW1NYRXC.
Cool thank you. I'm all set for now.|Thanks for allowing me to help you. Have a great day.
Hello, I am looking for an expensive restaurant that serves Australian food.|There are no records matching your request for an expensive restaurant serving Australian food. May I help you find a different restaurant?
What about British food?|There are six restaurants matching your query. One of them is travellers rest.
Could I have the phone number for one of the restaurants?|there phone number is 01223352500 is there anything else i can help you with?
Thanks, goodbye.|Thank you, goodbye.
I'm looking for a type of boat in the east.|There is camboats in the east.  Their phone number is 01223902112 and they are located at the plough, green end, fen ditton, post code cb58sx.  Anything else?
IS there a high end restaurant that serves british cuisine in the same area?|you are lucky! there is only one restaurant called grafton hotel restaurant that serves expensive british in the east. Do you need my help to reserve it?
no not at the moment. But i do need their phone number though.|No problem. Their number is 01223241387. Is there anything else I can help with you?
Can you also book me a taxi to commute between the two places?|Sure thing. What is your destination and when do you want to leave?
I want to leave the restaurant by 2:00. The destination would be the camboats.|You're all set. A blue audi is picking you up and their contact number is 07384256413.
Could I get the name of a moderately priced restaurant on the north side of town?|The Golden Wok is a Chinese restaurnt in the north part of town. Or there's The Nirala, which serves Indian food.
Could you get me the address and phone number for The Golden Wok, please?|The address is 191 Histon Road Chesterton, and the phone number is 01223 350688. Can I help you with anything else?
No, that's it. Thank you for your help.|Thank you and goodbye!
I would like to find a restaurant in the expensive price range that is located in the city center.|There are 33 expensive resturants in the city center.  We could narrow it down more by food type. What type of food would you like?
I do not care about that.|Bedouin serves African food, is in the center, and in the expensive price range. Do you want me to book this restaurant?
Yes, I'd like to book a table for seven at 19:15 on Tuesday.|Ok I have booked you at Bedouin on Tuesday at 19:15 for 7 people.
May I have the reference number please?|It is actually not open then, another day or place to dine?
How about a different restaurant in the area and price range?|I was able to book you at the Cambridge chop house. Reference number K1T50MHG.
Thank you, that's all I need today.|Okay. Enjoy your dinner.
I need a train that leaves from cambridge.|There are several, do you have a destination in mind?
Yes, kings lynn.|There are 133 trains that travel from Cambridge to Kings Lynn.  Do you have a departure day or time in mind?
Yes, I would like to leave no later than 17:00.|Is there a specific time you need to arrive by?
I want to leave on Monday after 18:45 instead and I will need the price and train ID.|Train Id is TR9226 and leaves at 11:00
I need a place to stay and I would like a guesthouse.|Do you have a location preference?
No but I want it to be cheap and have a 4 star rating.|There are 7 guesthouses that match you criteria, do you have a location preference?
Any area of Cambridge is fine. Can you suggest a guesthouse that meets my criteria?|Autumn House on Newmarket Road is in the east near other shops and boutiques. It meets your needs perfectly. Would you like me to book you a room?
Yes please book a room for 1 people and 2 nights starting from wednesday.|Okay, that's taken care of.  Your reference number for your reservation is 8GBONI2D.  Is there anything else I can help you with?
I'm also looking for a restaurant in the centre.|There are several restaurants. What type of food would you like?
I want somewhere cheap in the centre please|There are 15 cheap restaurants in the centre. What food type interests you?
I am willing to try any one of them. Could you make a recommendation, please?|Sure, I suggest dojo noodle bar. Want a reservation?
No need for a reservation. Can you just give me the postcode?|The postcode is cb21rq.  What else can I help you with?
That is everything. Thanks!|Thank you and enjoy your stay in Cambridge
Please find me a place to stay in the centre that includes free wifi.|I see that the Alexander Bed and Breakfast guesthouse is in the centre of town and includes free internet. Would you like me to book it for you?
Yes, I would like it, and hope that is has free parking space.|What day would you like me to book the hotel, how many people and What days would you like to stay?
I would like to book the hotel for 4 people, 3 nights starting on thursday, please.|Ok, the booking has been completed. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Can I have the reference number for the hotel booking? I'd also like information about a restaurant called Bedouin.|Your reference number is 1S9ZTFDA. The bedouin is an expensive african restaurant in the centre area. Would you like to make a reservation there?
Fantastic, thank you. What's the postcode for the bedouin? Do they only serve african food?|The Bedouin is located at 100 Mill Road City Centre and serves African food
I see. I'm sorry what is the postcode?|The postcode is cb12bd. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Yes, I need a taxi leaving from Bedouin and going to the Alexander B&B. I want to leave Bedouin by 2:00.|I have a taxi that will arrive at 02:00.  The taxi will be a white audi and you can contact them at 07924317108.  Anything else?
No, that will be all, thank you.|Alright, I hope you have a good stay, thank you for using our service!
Sure thing, you've been a great help.|Be sure to call again if you need anything. 'Bye now.
Please find a place to go in the north.|If you'll be in the north, I recommend taking a ride on the Riverboat Georgina.
What is the postcode?|Riverboat Georgina is located in the North area, its postcode is cb43ax. Would you like to know the address, as well?
I just need the postcode.|Is there any other information I can assist you with today?
Yes, I am also looking for a place to dine. I want it to be expensive and in the north area.|There are five places in north, which are expensive what type of food do you want?
It doesn't matter.  Something that you would recommend.|I recommend the Restaurant Two Two. It's a French restaurant located at 22 Chesterton Road.
I like that can you book a table for 5 people at 15:15 on tuesday.|Your table has been booked. The reference number is 2UYMG55P. Is there anything else I can do for you?
I don't need anything else, Thanks.|Thanks for choosing our service, have a lovely day.
Hi I'm looking for a restaurant in the north that serves Asian oriental food.|I'd recommend saigon city. Would you like to make a reservation?
That sounds great! We would like a reservation for Monday at 16:45 for 6 people. Can I get the reference number for our reservation?|Okay your reservation is all set and the reference number is  O5CYZT0L.
Thank you very much. Also, do you have any suggestions on someplace fun to visit in the north as well?|Sure I have boating, swimming and park attractions in the North. Would you like further information on any of those activities.
We love boating.  Can you give me the address of one of the nicer boating areas please?|I'd suggest the Riverboat Georgina. Their address is Cambridge Passenger Cruisers, Jubilee House, cb43ax.
Thanks so much! That's all I need today.|Well, you're welcome!  You have a great day!
I want to find some information on da vinci pizzeria|I found Da Vinci Pizzeria is a cheap restaurant in the north. Would you like me to make a reservation?
Yes please.  For one person at 12:30 on Sunday.|I have you scheduled for a reservation for 1 on Sunday at 12:30, would you like a confirmation receipt?
Yes, please give me the reference number.|I am so sorry but the da vinci pizzeria is fully booked and I was unsuccessful. Do you want me to try another restaurant?
Yes how about one in the same area and price range please?|Okay I was able to book you into The Royal Spice serving Indian food and your reference number is K8N0LLBP.
Awesome! Thanks so much. That is all I need.|Thank you for using this service. Goodbye.
I need a place to eat in the south that's expensive.|There are Chinese, Indian, Italian, and Mexican restaurants that fit that criteria. Do you have a preference?
I would like Chinese or Mexican restaurants|How about chiquito restaurant bar? It's an expensive and delicious restaurant in the south.
Sure, I need a table for 8 at 17:15 on Wednesday, please.|Okay, I was able to reserve that table for you. Your reference number is XAL5QLX9.
Thank you, what places can you go to that are in the same area?|There are a range of attractions in the south, including parks, nightclubs, a museum, a theatre, a cinema, and more general entertainment venues. What sort of attraction are you interested in?
A museum sounds great. Can you get the phone number for one?|Yes, the byard museum is reachable at 01223464646, they have free admission and are located at 14 king's parade, any other questions?
That sounds very nice. Can you book me a taxi or car service between those two places? I'd like to arrive by my reservation time, please.|I was able to book a taxi for you. Be looking for a yellow Skoda. If you need to reach them, please call them at 07550666183. Is there anything else?
That would be all, thanks!|Thank you for using our service. Have a good day. Goodbye.
I would like find some information about a train. Specifically, I'm looking for details about a train that leaves Tuesday after 11:15.|Can I get information on where you will be departing from?
Yes, I'll be departing from London Kings Cross.|The TR7850 leaves London Kings Cross at 11:17 and arrives in Cambridge at 12:08. Would you like to book a ticket?
Yes please book it for 5 people and give me the reference number.|The reference number is 6SCORZPY.
I am also looking for a restaurant that serves modern european food in the expensive price range.  What do you find available?|The only place in town like that is Darry's Cookhouse and Wine Shop. It's in the center of town. Would you like a table?
Can you just give me their phone number and postcode?|Certainly!  Their phone number is 01223505015 postcode cb11n.  Is there anything else I can help you with today?
That's all I need. I appreciate the help.|You're quite welcome. Goodbye!
Could you help me locate a restaurant in the east area of town?|Absolutely, there are quite a few restaurants. Can you help me by specifying what type of food you're looking for?
I am interested in an expensive restaurant.  See what's available, and maybe I can choose from there.|I have five places, what type would you prefer?
Italian would be great.  I also need a train to Cambridge that arrives on Tuesday by 15:30.|There are no Italian places to dine, is there another food you would prefer before we book the train?
any expensive restaurant will suffice. Reserve it for 8 people at 18:30 on tuesday and I'll need the reservation number please.|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Reference number is : 51VEERAC.
I also need a train to Cambridge departing from Stevenage.|What day would you like to travel on?
I'll be traveling Tuesday, and need it booked for 8. Could I also get the reference number for that as well?|The first train leaves Stevenage at 05:54 and every two hours thereafter until the last train at 23:54. What time would you like to leave or arrive?
Anytime would be great, I'd like to book it for the same number of people as my restaurant.|Ok, I've booked your party on TR0517, it leaves at 11:54.  Reference number is IAYFJ8SI.  Total is 102.4 GBP payable at the station.  Anything else I can do?
Reference number is IAYFJ8SI, that will be all|Great! Have a great day!
I am traveling to Cambridge and looking for a restaurant in the cheap price range in the cente.|Sure. I have 5. How about the rice house? They serve chinese. Or dojo noodle bar, the serve asian?
Lets try rice house.|Sure thing! Their address is 88 Mill Road City Centre, would you like me to book you a table now?
Actually can you check for a place that serves Vietnamese food?|There are no vietnamese restaurants in my system, I'm sorry.
No problem. How about indian food?|There are 5 indian restaurants. The curry garden is in the expensive price range and is in the centre of town.
Please book for 8 people. Friday at 18:45. Reference number, please.|Your booking was successful and your reference number is UQ9QFHX2. May I assist you with anything else today?
I also need a train to bishop's stortford.|Sure thing. There are lots to choose from. Can you tell me more about your departure location and preferred day and time of travel?
Yes, I would prefer train and would like to arrive by 09:45 on saturday.|I found two trains for those specifications, will it be the same 8 people with you?
Yes it sure will, what are the times you've got on those two?|The first will leave at 5:29 and arrive at 6:07. The second leaves at 7:29 and arrives at 8:07.
I would like to book the train arriving at 8:07 for 8 people. Can you do that? I will need the reference number.|There is a train leaving cambridge on Saturday at 07:29. Would that work for you?
Yes that would work, please book for my party.|Eight people are booked. The reference number is 1G47DQTH. Your train ID is TR3062. The total fee is 64.64 GBP. May I help you with anything else?
Thank you so much, that should be it!|Thank you and enjoy your visit.
i need a place to stay|What's your price range?
I need a hotel with free parking|There are 8 hotels that fit your criteria. Would you like to narrow it down further with price range or area?
should be in the east with free wifi|express by holiday inn cambridge	fits your criteria. can we book?
Yes please book it for 8 people for 4 nights starting on Monday.|I will work on getting that booked and be back with you shortly.
Great, thank you so much. May I also have the reference number once you have booked it?|OK, 8 guests arriving Monday for 4 nights. Your Reference number is : 2KDNB1WO. Can I assist you with anything else?
Please help me locate a restaurant in the centre that serves South Indian food. Thanks.|I'm sorry but there are no South Indian restaurants in the center. Can I interest you in something else?
Is there one that serves seafood?|The loch fyne serves seafood.  Would you like for me to make you a reservation?
No. May I have the phone number?|The phone number is 01223362433. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, I also need to find a cheap hotel.|All right. Do you have an area you prefer or a type of hotel?
Something with free parking, 2 star, and is in the moderate price range.|I see two choices for moderately priced 2 star hotels. They are both hotels located in the north with free parking and internet. I recommend ashley hotel.
That is great.  Can you book me for 3 people for 3 nights beginning on Thursday?|You got it, your reference number is QBH121BL. Anything else?
Yes, I am going to need a taxi to go between the two places.|What time would you like to arrive or depart from the hotel?
I want to leave the restaurant by 12:45. Please give me car type and contact number.|Sure thing! A white skoda will be picking you up to get you to the restaurant by 12:45 contact is 07643618907
Thank you for your help you've been great!|It is my pleasure! Have a good day!
Can you locate an expensive restaurant in the south?|I sure can. Do you prefer Chinese, Italian, Indian or Mexican food?
I prefer Chinese food thanks.|Peking restaurant has good reviews would you like that?
That sounds good. Can I have the postcode and address please?|Absolutely. The Peking Restaurant is located at 10 Homerton Street, City Centre. Their postcode is cb28nx. Can I reserve you a table by chance?
No thank you, I don't need a reservation.|All right, what else can I help you with?
That's it.  Thanks.|You are welcome. Have a lovely day.
I am looking for a restaurant that is expensive and is in the east part of town.|Which food type appeals to you currently? There are listings for British, Indian, Chinese, and gastropub.
I don't care.|Grafton Hotel Restaurant serves British food in the east part of town.  Is there anything else I can help you with?
Can I get the phone number, please?|The Grafton Hotel Restaurant's phone number is 01223 241387.
Sorry what type of food do they serve?|They serve british food.
Thanks so much|Nice talking to you, Thank you. Good bye
Thank You|Thank YOU. Enjoy your meal.
I'm looking for a good place to go with multiple sports in the center of time.|There are no multiple sports attractions in the centre of town. There is one in the east though. Anything else I can help you with?
Then can you tell me a good museum.|The Broughton House Gallery is in the centre, and it has no entrance fee.
May I have the telephone number please?|Yes their telephone number is 01223314960. May I help you with anything else?
I also need an expensive restaurant in the same area.|The Golden Curry is an excellent Indian restaurant and it is located only a few blocks from the museum.
Great Can I make a reservation for 13:45 for 5 people on Thursday? Also may I have the reference number?|Great it's all booked, reference number is PVFA3YZ9
Awesome. I'd also like a taxi to take me between the two locations.|Okay, where would you be leaving from and at what time?
I will be leaving from The Broughton House Gallery.|Okay, at what time will you be leaving Broughton House Gallery?
I'm not sure which exact time will be best, but I definitely want to arrive to the restaurant in time for my reservation.|I booked you a taxi. The car is a red audi and the contact number is 07895191849.
great thanks thats all i needed!|I am happy that I was able to help.  Have a great day.
I need a place to stay that is cheap.|Okay and what area will you be staying in?
I need a place in the center of town, and I would prefer a hotel over a guesthouse.|I have three hotels in the centre, one is moderately priced and then there are two expensive ones.  Would you like to book one of them?
I want to book one of the expensive ones.|The expensive ones are the Gonville Hotel and University Arms Hotel. Both offer free wifi and parking. The Gonville is 3 star rated, and the University Arms is 4 star.
Great. Can I book the University Arms for 2 nights for 4 people starting Sunday please? I'll need a reference number.|OK, you're all set. Reference #MEGFYQHA. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Can you help me find a Hungarian restaurant, also in the centre of town?|I'm sorry, there are no Hungarian restaurants in the centre of town, would you like another location?
Is there and Indian restaurant available in that area?|There are 9 indian restaurants. Do you prefer cheap or expensive?
I would like expensive please.l|There are several options in that area. How about Curry Garden? I hear it's great.
Can you book a reservation for me?|Absolutely, what day would you like reservations?
I would like to book it fro Sunday at 14:45.|How many people will be dining?
4 people will be dining.|Your table is booked, ref#9BZUL5GV. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
I think that is all I need today. Thank you for all your help. Good Bye.|Have a pleasant trip and, as always, we are here if you need us.
I am traveling to Cambridge soon.  I can't wait to try some local restaurants.  Can you help me with a place to stay?|There are many hotels in Cambridge. Is there a particular area you would like to stay in?
I need it to have 4 stars and parking too.|I have 19 hotels that meet that criteria. Do you have a price range in mind?
I don't have a price range, just whatever will get me a good hotel in the east area.|I would like to recommend allenbell if that is alright with you?
Do they have free internet and can you provide the postcode?|Yes the has Wifi and the postcode is cb11ee
Are there any inexpensive Indian Restaurants near Allenbell?|There are two here. I recommend pipasha restaurant. Do you want a reservation?
Is it a cheap restaurant?|No it is not.  There aren't any cheap Indian restaurants in the east.  Would you like to try a different part of town?
Yeah area doesn't matter. Just choose one cheap indian restaurant in Cambridge please then provide me with the area, address, and postcode for it.|The Mahal of Cambridge, the address is 3-5 Millers Yard Mill Lane and the postcode is cb21rq.
Please tell me the area too|It is located in the centre area. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
That'll be it for today. Thank you very much.|Thanks for calling. Have a wonderful day.
I would like to find a danish restaurant this is moderately priced.|There are no Danish restaurants in the moderate price range. Would you like me to check for restaurants serving a different type of food?
Go for it.|Some options are Lebanese, Turkish, international, British, European, and Chinese. Do any of these interest you?
No. How about gastropub type food? May I please have the address, phone number, and area?|The cow pizza kitchen and bar serves gastropub food, is located in the centre part of town and is in the moderate price range.  Their phone number is 01223 308871.  The address is Corn Exchange Street and the postcode is C.B 2, 3QF
Thank you.|Is there anything else we can help you with today?
no, thank you|Thank you for using our system. Good bye
I'd like to find an east side restaurant that is expensive.|There are five restaurants matching your request. What kind of food would you like?
Chinese food sound good.|yu garden serves chinese food, is in the east part of town and is in the expensive price range.  Would you like their location?
What is their address and postcode?|yu garden chinese east expensive 01223 248882 529 Newmarket Road Fen Ditton C.B 5, 8 P.A
Thank you goodbye.|thank you  and good bye
Could you book me a room at the Huntingdon Marriott Hotel for tomorrow?|Sure what time would you like to check in?
I would like a room for 2 nights starting on Saturday for 6 people. Can I please have a reference number for this once it is booked?|Your reservation for Huntingdon Marriott Hotel is ready for you. The reference number is U5BRMYHP. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, I'd like to find an indian restaurant in the centre of town.|May I book you at the curry garden?
What is the price range? I need something that is cheap, but good.|The curry garden is expensive. How about Kohinoor. It is cheap, good and also located in the centre of town?
That sounds good. May I please have the address?|They are located at 74 Mill Road City Centre
Great, thank you, that's all I need for today.|Thank you very much. Goodbye
I'm looking for a place to eat in cambridge today!|The yippee noodle bar is an excellent restaurant that serves asian oriental food and is in the moderate price range.
I want to find a european restaurant in the centre. try again please.|Sure, there are plenty of options.  I would recommend de luca cucina and bar if you are interested in modern European cuisine.
What is the address?|The address is 83 Regent Street postcode cb21aw. Would you like me to book a table for you?
No but I do need help getting a train going to cambridge.|What day will you be traveling?
I will be traveling on saturday.|What time do you need to leave by?
I would be leaving from London Liverpool Street going to Cambridge. I would need to arrive by 12:45.|The TR0637 arrives by 11:07.  Would that work?
Yes that will work fine. Can you book that.|Ok, you are booked on the TR0637 departing at 09:39. the total fee is 16.6 GBP payable at the station .
Reference number is : IAC5V0TC.
That's great!  What's the travel time?|The total travel time on that train is 88 minutes.
Thanks, that is all|Have a wonderful visit.
Do you have any recommendations for a restaurant in the south area in a high price range?|Yes, there's the Good Luck Chinese Food Takeaway, Peking Restaurant, and Taj Tandoori. How do those sound?
Do the serve mediterranean food?|There is no expensive Mediterranean restaurant in the south.
How about one that serves Chinese food?|There are two expensive Chinese restaurants, the Good Luck Chinese Food Takeaway and the Peking Restaurant. Would you like to book a table with either of these?
Can you make a reservation for 1 on Monday at 17:00 at Peking Restaurant please.|I'm sorry but there was no availability for that time. Would you like to try another day or time?
How about 16:00? Could you please provide me with the reference number also?|Your booking was successful and the reference number is 1YYK3KQS. May I assist you with anything else today?
No, that's it.  Thanks!|Would you provide me with the address?
No. I'm the customer and you're the help desk; It is you who are supposed to provide me with the address. But you've given me all I need, so goodbye!|Have a good day!
Im looking for a restaurant in the north part of town in the cheap price range|There are two restaurants in the cheap range on the north side of town. Would you prefer indian or italian?
I am looking for the east part of town, serving austrian food.|I am sorry, there is no such restaurant match your request. Would you prefer another area or another type of food?
How about Chinese food on the east part of town?|Yu garden serves chinese food and is located in the east part of town.  Would you like more information?
Yes, I would like their address, phone number and postcode, please.|Their address is 529 Newmarket Road Fen Ditton, their phone number is 01223 248882 and their postcode is C.B 5, 8 P.A.
That's all I'm looking for. Thank you for the information.|You're welcome. Goodbye.
Hello! Can you tell me about the Indian restaurants you have in the center of town?|Sure I have many. Do you have a preference in price range?
Yes, I'd like a cheap one.|In that price range, you have your choice of the Kohinoor, the Gandhi, and the Mahal of Cambridge.
Great can I book Kohinoor for 5 people at 14:30 on tuesday?|Yes success! I was able to reserve all of you a table and your reference number is UM8AZ1RH.
Great can you also direct me to a college to visit in the same area?|I'd recommend Emmanuel College in the centre of town.
Perfect.  What is the phone number, address and postcode for Emmanuel College?|Emmanuel College is on Saint Andrews Street. The postcode is cb23ap and the phone number is 01223334200. Is there anything else I can do for you?
Yes, I would like to book a taxi to the restaurant to arrive in time for my reservation.|I certainly can. Would you like to depart from Emmanuel College to go to kohinoor?
Yes, that's correct. I just want to arrive in time for my reservation.|Okay, I've booked a taxi for you. The car will be a yellow Tesla and the contact number is 07472812793. What else can I help you with?
Nope, you have been great!|Thank you for using our system!
Hi, I am looking for some information for my upcoming trip.  Specifically, I am looking for an Indian restaurant.|There are 22 Indian restaurants in town. Do you prefer a particular price range?
I would like one in the centre area, but maybe you could pick me a good one.|I would recommend curry garden as they are very good.
How expensive is the place and how can I contact them?|curry garden is quite expensive and their phone number is 01223302330
Thank you! I'm also looking for a train going to Kings Lynn on Wednesday.|Okay, where are you departing from and what time would you like to leave?
15:00 on Wednesday, can you book it for me ?|Would you rather leave at 14:11 or 15:11? Which works better for you.
I'd actually like to leave a bit earlier. Is there an 11:11 train and, if so, what is the arrival time for that one?|TR6159 leaves at 11:11 and arrives at 11:58
That one would be better. I will need 8 tickets.|I have booked those seats on the train and your reference number is OMWVM0X4.
Thank you that is all I need.|You're welcome. Have a great day.
Can you find specific attractions for people?|I can try.  What are you trying to find?
I am looking for people's portraits exhibition.|Yes, it's a lovely museum in the west at girton college, huntingdon road. Their phone number is 01223338901 and they offer free entrance. May I help with anything else?
can you give me the post code for it?|The post code is cb3ojg. May I help with anything else?
Yes, I would also like to find a restaurant called Golden House please.|They're located in the centre. Would you like a reservation?
Yes, how about a table for 8 on saturday. Try 19:30, if that doesn't work then try 18:30.|I was able to book you at 18:30 on Saturday. Reference number 3C5H16N9. Is there anything else I can help you with?
That is all, thank you.|Thank you very much! Have a great day
Hi, can you help me find a college to visit?|There are 18 colleges in town you could visit. To narrow down the results, is there a certain part of town you're interested in?
I'm fine going anywhere in town. Which one would you recommend?|Id recommend sidney sussex college in the centre of town
Okay, great. Can I have the phone number and address please?|Of course. The phone number is 01223338800 and the postcode is cb23hu. Can I help you with anything else?
I also want to eat at an expensive Indian place.|There are 14 entries that match what you are looking for. What area of town would you like to eat at?
Which restaurant do you recommend?|Again, there are quite a few. Did you have a part of town in mind?
It can be in any part of town. I am just looking for a restaurant that serves Indian food in an expensive price range. Perhaps you can suggest one?|Sure thing, I would suggest this one curry garden.
Great.  Can you reserve a table for six?|Sure thing, I will work on getting this booked and be right back with you.
In addition, I would like to book a taxi to commute between the two places.|No problem. What time do you need to arrive by?
make sure it arrives the restaurant by the booked time of the reservation.|Before we book your taxi, let's get your reservation for the restaurant. What day and time would you like your reservation for six?
Wednesday at 11:45 for the restaurant.|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.Reference number is : 5YS8WRTD.
Are you capable of emailing or faxing me the information for my own personal reference?|I am sorry we are unable to do that at this time
I am ready for the taxi now.|Your taxi is booked to have you at the restaurant by 11:45. The car is a red Volkswagen and their contact number is 07540260588. Anything else I can help with?
That is all, thank you|Thank you for calling our service. Have a great day. Goodbye.
I'm looking for information on a restaurant called mahal of cambridge.|It is a great Indian restaurant in the town centre.  It's also cheap, so that is a plus.
Can you book a table for 4 on Tuesday at 17:30 for me? Thanks!|Ok you are booked and reference number is VON7Z83E.
Thanks for handling that. One more thing. I want to explore town and see an attraction. I love theatre.|Is there a particular area you're looking for a theatre in?
Are there any near the restaurant by any chance?|Yes, the restaurant is called mahal of cambridge you are booked for 4. Your reference number is VON7Z838. Do you need anything else?
Hi.  Could you help me find an expensive restaurant that serves Catalan food?|Unfortunately, I don't show anything available meeting those requirements. Can I try a different price range or type of cuisine for you?
How about something in the centre of town|I was able to find bedouin in the centre of town in the expensive price range.
The Bedouin serves Catalan cuisine?|The Bedouin serves African food.
Oh okay. I must have been mistaken. Let's try something that has italian, is expensive and in the centre of town.|How does don pasquale pizzeria sound to you?
Sounds good, lets book it for 4 people at 14:00 on Wednesday, and I'll need a reference number please.|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : CORC123E.
Thank you so much!|You're welcome. Be sure to call us again if you need anything.
Hi, yes, I'm looking for a 4 star hotel to stay in. The only amenity it has to have is free wifi.|Sure, the Cambridge Belfry fits that bill.  It has great reviews and is cheap.  Can I get more information for you?
Does that also have free parking?  And I forgot to mention I'd prefer a guesthouse.|In that case, the Cambridge Belfry would not work. It's a hotel, not a guesthouse. The Acorn Guesthouse has wifi, parking, is moderately priced and has 4 stars.
Book for me 1 person and 2 nights starting from wednesday.|Your booking was successful.Your reference number is : 6UPHIRT7. Is there anything else you need help with today?
Yes I am looking for someplace to eat that serves Scottish food that is in the expensive price range.|I'm afraid there aren't any scottish places in town. Would you like to try a different cuisine?
Is there a French restaurant?|i have 2 places that serve french food and are expensive. one is restaurant two two. the other is cote. which would you like?
I'll book a table for Cote.  1 person at 16:15 on the same day as the hotel booking.|I have made the reservations and your reference number is 4WK86HPM.
thanks alot. have a good day|You're welcome! Have a great day as well.
I want to find an expensive restaurant in the north.|saigon city is a good choice. Do you want to book ?
Does it serve unusual food? That's what I'm looking for.|Saigon City offers Asian Oriental food.
How about chinese food?|The Hotspot and Hakka are expensive restaurants on the north side that serve chinese food. Would you like to book one?
Can you book it for me and get a reference number ?|Definitely.  What day would you like to book the reservation?
You know what? I'm not quite sure when I want to go. I'll just take the address, postcode, and phone please.|Hakka is located on Milton Road Chesterton, postcode cb41jy.  You can call them at 01223568988.  Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, is the aylesbray lodge guest house still in operation? I stayed there the last time I was in town years ago and enjoyed it.|It certainly is! Would you like more information on it?
no, i just want to book a room, can you help me with that?|Sure. What day would you like it for and how long will you be staying?
I would love it if you could reserve a room for Friday for 1 person for 3 nights.|Okay. I'll book a room for one for you at the aylesbray lodge guest house for three days starting on Friday. Is there anything else I can do for you?
Thank you I just need the reference number for the reservation. That's all I need today.|Booking was successful. Reference number is : SHL5DAFU. may i help with anything else ?
No thank you for your help.|Thank you, I hope you are having a nice day.
I am looking for a train leaving from Birmingham New Street and arriving by 16:00.|There is a train every hour from Birmingham New Street to Cambridge starting at 5:40. It costs 75.10 pounds and is 163 minutes.
I think that would be too late. I also need it on Monday, not right now.|On Monday the TR3734 arrives by 15:23. Would you like to book some tickets for that? Or perhaps an earlier train if you think that's cutting it too fine.
I think that would be good, can you get me 4 tickets?|Booking was successful. The total fee is 300.39 GBP payable at the station. The reference number is GXTXW2EM. Is there anything else I can help with?
I also need a restaurant in the expensive price range and should serve european food|OK, I have a few options, what side of town would you like that on?
Could you make that on the north side please.|There is one expensive European restaurant in the north - City Stop Restaurant. Would you like to reserve a table there?
No, I just need the postcode and address as well as a phone number.|The address is Cambridge City Football Club Milton Road Chesterton. The postcode is cb41uy. The phone number is 01223363270. Is there anything else I can do for you?
No that is everything I need for my trip. Thank you!|Thank you for contacting us.  Have a good day.
You're welcome. You, too.|Please give me a call if you need any assistance during your visit
Hello! Are there any chinese restaurants in the centre?|There are quite a few in the centre. What is the price range you'd like to stay within?
Cheap price range, please!|jinling noodle bar is a good fit. Its on 11 Peas Hill City Centre
Great! Can you book me a table for 5 on Thursday?|I sure can. Any preference on time?
Please try for 12:30.|When booking your restaurant, I see that the jinling noodle bar is moderately priced.  Would that work?
Yes let's try making a reservation for 5 people on Thursday at 12:30.|That was unsuccessful. Would you like to try another time?
No, a moderate restaurant isn't really what I wanted.  Can you find a cheap Chinese restaurant for me?|I have 3 cheap chinese restaurants in the centre of town. The Charlie Chan, The Rice House, and the Golden House. Do you have a preference?
Any of those options would be fine|I would recommend the Rice House as there food is delicious.  Would you like me to make you a reservation?
Okay I would like to book a table for 5 people at 12:30 on Sunday.|I apologize, there are no reservations at that time. Would you like to try another time at Rice House, or perhaps I can attempt Charlie Chan or Golden House?
Okay please check at 11:30 instead.|I am sorry. The 11:30 booking for the rice house was unsuccessful. Would you like me to try a different restaurant?
Ok. Let's try Charlie Chan instead.|Sorry, there are no available spots for that day and time. Would you like to try another time?
If you can book me a table for 5 at one of the other cheap Chinese restaurants at 12:30 (or 11:30) on Thursday, that would be fine. Can you try that?|Unfortunately, I can't find any tables available for that day and times either.  Would you like to try a different part of town?
No it must be in the Centre. Is there any other chinese place open in the Centre on Thursday?|No, I'm sorry, those are the only 3 in the centre, would you like to try a different type of restaurant?
Any other Chinese restaurants in a different price range?|Yes, I have 3 in the moderate price range
All right, just for fun, let's try one of those (though I expect they will not work either!).|I was not able to book that either. I am very sorry.
Well, maybe you'll have better luck finding me a place to stay. I'm looking for something cheap, but still 4-star quality.|I have 8 that fit those parameters, would you like any special amenities?
Only other thing I would like is free parking.|Are you looking to stay in a specific area?
Not really. Can you see if any of them are available for 4 nights starting from Thursday? It's for 5 people.|It doesn't look like any of them are available for that day. Would you like to try another day or a shorter stay?
Man, we are just not having much luck tonight, huh? Okay, can you see if there are any available for one night?|I was able to book you at Charlie Chan's. Your reference # is ZWMR0D97. I also found you a room at Worth House for 1 night. Reference # is 0HEBRY1Y.
Thank you. that is all for today.|you're welcome, anything else i can help you with?
No, that is all I need. Thank you!|You're welcome. Sorry I had such a hard time booking for you!
Don't sweat it.  Thank you and Goodbye.|It was my pleasure. Enjoy your stay!
Yes, I would be interested in the British food fare that is available. Just a nice local restaurant with good expensive food would be nice. Thank you.|Can I get the information on what area you are looking for the restaurant to be in?
Centre of Cambridge|I have 3 restaurants that meet your request.  Would you like information on any of them? I recommend you check out The Cambridge Chop House.
The Cambridge Chop House sounds nice book me a table for 2 this Monday at 12:45 please.|That wasn't available.  I did get a table at Fitzbillies though.  It also meets all of your requirements.  Your reference number is BLRXV0B0.  Is that all today?
Perfect! Thank you|Is there anything else i can assist you with?
Nope that's it! Thanks so much!|You're welcome. Good-bye.
Please be a darling and find me a moderately priced place to dine in the East|sure, i have 3 options for you
Could you give me all three options please?|curry prince, indian, rajmahal indian or pizza hut in the east
How about Pizza Hut? I need a reservation for 4 people at 17:45 on Tuesday.|Done! Your reference number is DIWCUNVI. Do you need anything else?
No thanks. I think that took care of everything. Thanks. Goodbye.|Okay goodbye, have a lovely day!
Hi, I'm looking for a cheap restaurant in the south. What do you have?|I ahve two places, Chines and Portuguese, which would you prefer?
Chinese would be great.|That would be The Lucky Star located at Cambridge Leisure Park, Clifton Way, Cherry Hinton.  Can I book a table for you?
Yes. Can you book me a take for 5 at 18:00 on monday?|I'm sorry I was unable to book that. Would you like to try another venue?
Can we try 17:00?|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Reference number is : VMFXYH18.
i am also looking for a hotel that includes free wifi.|There are many hotels and guest houses. Do you preder a certain location and price range?
I definitely want a hotel, not a guest house. It should also be in the same area as the The Lucky Star restaurant.|The Lensfield Hotel is in the south and falls in the expensive price range. They're a 3 star establishment with free wifi and parking. Care to book a room?
I would like to book a room for 5 nights for 5 people starting the same day.|Unfortunately, I was not able to book it for monday. Did you have another day in mind?
Any other hotels?|I only see the lensfield hotel, maybe we can try with other dates?
I would like to book for the lensfield hotel for 5 people from the same day but for 3 nights only then.|Booking for 3 nights was a success! Your reference number is ZE9TPUSJ. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
That's all I need.  Thank you for your help!|It was a pleasure to help. Thanks for using our service. Have a great night. Goodbye.
I need a place to eat in the south that serves italian food.|Pizza hut cherry hinton, and frankie and bennys are both in the south part of town serving italian food.
I would like Pizza hut cherry hinton. What is the postcode?|The postcode for that restaurant is cb17dy. Did you need anything else?
I don't need anything else at this time. Thank you. Goodbye.|Thank you for letting me help you.  Have a nice day.  Good bye.
Can you find a restaurant called Rajmahal.|Sure.  It's an Indian place in the east area of town.  What would you like to know about it?
That's all I need to know. Can you reserve me a table for 3 Saturday at 18:00?|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : 1XCDMW6O.
Great, thanks. I'm also interested in attending a theatre on the west side.|I'm afraid there aren't any theatres on the west side. most of our theatres are in the city centre. is there something else I can look up for you?
What entertainment choices are in the west?|sorry, i couldn't find anything in the west.
Ok are there any attractions in the west you recommend? I need a phone number for whatever you chose.|There are several museums in the area.  Would that interest you?
Yes, I love museums.|What side of town would you like to be on?
In the west if there are any there?|How about the Kettle's Yard, there phone # is 01223748100 and they are on Castle Street. Admission is free too. Does this work?
Yes I also need a taxi to arrive there by 18:00 from the theater.|Booking completed!
Booked car type	:	red ford
Contact number	:	07059574947
Thats everything I needed thanks for the help!|I'll be here any time.
I would like a cheap restaurant that serves greek food|I cannot locate a cheap Greek restaurant. Is there another one that you are interested in.
Please check for Italian food. I will also need the address and phone number.|There are 5 entries for Italian food in the cheap price range. Is there an Area of town that works best for you North, Centre, or West?
It doesn't matter.|How about Da Vinci Pizzeria? It is located at 20 Milton Road Chesterton and the phone number is 01223 351707.
Thank you. Goodbye!|Thank you for using our service, good bye.
I am looking for a restaurant serving scottish food.|no restaurants serving Scottish food
ok, how about Vietnamese food?|Thanh Binh is a Vietnamese restaurant, it is in the cheap price range, and it is on the west side of town. Would you like the address and phone number?
Can I have the address please?|The address is 17 Magdalene Street City Centre.
Thank You!|Thank you and good bye.
Hello, are there any fun places to go in the centre of town?|The Ballare nightclub is in the center of town. Would you like more information about this place or other suggestions?
Can you give me the address and postcode for that nightclub?|Of course, I can. The address and post code are heidelberg gardens, lion yard and cb23na. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I am all sent, thank you.|Excellent! Have a great day!
I would like to get information about some tourist attractions in Cambridge, especially those located in town.|We have many wonderful attractions in the area. Is there a specific type of attraction or area you are looking for perhaps?
I am looking for a nightclub in the centre and a phone number.|We have 5 nightclubs in the Centre. Would you like me to make a recommendation?
Yes, a suggestion would be very helpful along with the phone number so I can call them.|I would recommend the Ballare Club. Its phone number is 01223364222. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, I am also looking for a restaurant in the same area. I am looking for an expensive restaurant that serves Scandinavian food.|There are no Scandinavian restaurants in the centre with an expensive price range. Would you like to try a different type of food or price range?
What about Indian food?|I have 6 restaurants that meet your criteria. Would the Panahar work for you? It's at 8 Norfolk Street City Centre.
That sounds great. Please book it for 3 people on Thursday at 16:30|I was able to book a table at Panahar for 3 people on Thursday at 16:30. The reference number is 5SIQAVA
Thank you for your help!  I appreciate it!  Goodbye.|You're welcome. Have a great time!
I need a train that leaves on Wednesday after 17:00|There are 152 trains on Wednesday. What are your departure and arrival stations?
I would like to go to cambridge departing from norwich.|Are you able to tell me your preferred departure and arrival times?
I would like to leave after 17:00.|There are 7 trains that depart after 17:00 on Wednesday, would you like me to book the 17:16 train for you?
Please book it for two people and send the reference number.  We are also looking for a moderately priced place to dine in the town center.|TR 2379 from Norwich to Cambridge on Wednesday at 17:16 is booked for 2, reference number D5S6B0GC. There are many options for dining, for kind of food do you like?
The type of food doesn't matter. I need to book a table for two at 21:00 on Wednesday.|I tried to book you at table for two at the Yippee Noodle Bar but they have no available reservations.  Did you want to try another day or time?
Can you see if there's anything at 20:00?|Ok, that worked. Your table is booked, and your reference number is 5QH1PWGZ. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
That is all thank you very much.|Okay, thank you, goodbye.
Hello, I am looking for a restaurant in the centre of town that serves Indonesian food.|My apologies, but there doesn't seem to be any restaurants matching your request. Would you like to broaden your search?
Oh, well how about European food then? Also in the centre of town please.|There are 8 listings meeting your criteria. Do you have a preference on the price range?
I don't care.|Darrys cookhouse and Wine Shop is in the centre of town and serves modern european food.
May I have the phone number and postcode?|The phone number for darrys Cookhouse and Wine Shop is 01223 505015 and the postcode is C.B 1, 1 L.N. Can I help you with anything else?
No, that's all I need, thank you very much.|You're welcome. Thank you for using this system.
Thank you goodbye.|goodbye
I have the name of a restaurant that I need some help finding, whenever you're ready.|I'm ready.
It is the Seasame Restaurant and Bar.|I'm sorry but I was unable to find the restaurant you requested. Is there a type of food you were thinking about having?
I misspelled the place it is sesame, can you look that up again and book 3 poeple at 17:00 on monday if available?|Gladly. I have a table reserved for you at the Sesame Restaurant and bar for Monday at 17:00. Your reference is 5OEIV10L. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes I'll also need a train to Cambridge.|Where would you like to go?
To Cambridge, on Monday. I will be leaving Birmingham new street.|okay the first train leaves the station at 5:40 the last 09:40
I need to arrive by 14:15.|TR3387 arrives in cambridge by 13:23.  Price is 75.10 pounds. Will that work for you? Would you like me to books seats?
I don't need you to book that, but I will need to know the departure time, please.|The TR3387 leaves at 10:40.
Great, thanks so much for your help. That's all I need today.|Ok! Have a great day!
I am looking for information in Cambridge.|What type of information are you looking for? I can helpp with dining, hotels and entertainment.
I need a train on friday going to ely from cambridge arrival by 13:00|I have 4 trains that meet your needs. Would you like to book tickets?
book for 2 people and get me the reference number|Booking was successful, the total fee is 8.8 GBP payable at the station .
Reference number is : 8BUQLIK8.
Great! I also need to have some north american food in the west part of town.|I'm sorry, we don't have any north american restaurants in the west area. Would you like to try a different type of food?
Could you look again for places that serve North American food in the West.|The only north american restaurant in the city is in the centre. Would you like more information about that?
How about an intalian restaurnat in the west area?|I have two.  One is moderately priced, and one is cheap.  Do you have a preference?
The moderately priced one will be fine. I'll need it booked for the same day, same people, and at 10:15.|You are booked the reference number is 3ICEL34F, can I help with anything else?
Great that was all I needed today, thank you|You're very welcome!  Have a great day.
Is there a latin american restaurant in the center?|There are no Latin American restaurants in the centre. Would you like information about a different style of food?
sure, what else is there?|I have 69 total restaurants in the centre with varying cuisines. Do you have a preference?
how about latin american food?|I have no latin american restaurants in the centre. Perhaps another part of the city?
Why don't we try for lebanese food instead|There is Ali Baba, that is lebanese. Would you like me to make you a reservation?
Yes, please. There will be 3 of us for Tuesday at 13:30.|All right, sir, I'm happy to say the booking was successful. Would you like the reservation number?
Of course I'll need that.|Reference number is : B5CPU2X5.  Can I assist you with anything else today?
that is it. thanks|You are more than welcome!
Hello, I am looking for a restaurant that serves international food.|I'm showing three restaurants that fit that description. Are you interested in a particular area or price range?
No, any price range is fine. Can you recommend one of the restaurants?|bloomsbury restaurant is an international restaurant in the centre area.
Hmm, I don't really like the food there. Is there anything else?|the missing sock is another restaurant there.
Can I get the address and phone number, please?|the missing sock is located at Finders Corner Newmarket Road and their phone number is 01223 812660.
Thank you.|Thank you.
Thank You|Good bye.
I would like a nice place to dine in the south area.|Frankie and Bennys is a wonderful Italian restaurant in the south. It's expensive, but worth it. Homemade pasta and everything!
Can I please have their postcode and phone number?|Frankie and bennys is in postcode cb17dy and their phone number is 01223412430.  Can I help you with anything else today?
Yes, could you help me find a nice museum to visit.|There's the byard art museum.  It's in the same area and is free.
Thanks, what's their phone number and address?|They are located at 14 King's Parade. You can reach them at 01223464646. Anything else I can help with?
Thanks so much! Have a great day. Goodbye.|You're very welcome! Bye!
Hi, what can you tell me about the  bangkok city restaurant?|Sure! It serves Thai food and is located in the centre. Would you like to book it?
Yes for 2 at 19:30 on Sunday please. I need the reference number then too.|I've booked that for you and your reference number is X4W3U0LM.
I'd also need a train leaving the centre going to kings lynn and arriving by 17:00 on monday.|I can certainly help with that. Could you just verify your departure point for me?
Yes, it should depart from Cambridge.|the  earliest arrives by  17.58
Ok, I think that should be fine. Can you make a booking for me?|sorry, the arrival time is actually 16:58. how many tickets would you like?
I need tickets for the same group of people going to the restaurant with me.|I have booked train TR2324. The total fee is 19.6 GBP which is payable at the station. Your reference number is EGIIL92A.
Thank you so much.|Is there anything else I can help you with?
No that is it. Thank you so much.|Well we are here to help. Enjoy your time here !
Thank you for your assistance.|Thank you for calling. I hope you enjoy your trip. Goodbye.
Are there any expensive restaurants in the centre of town?|There are over 30. What type of food are you interested in?
Any type would be good. Can you recommend one?|the bedouin serves african and is the expensive range? would you liketo book a table.
No thanks. Can you tell me the address of the restaurant?|They are located at 100 Mill Road City Centre
Great.  I am also looking train schedules, leaving from Stevanage and going to Cambridge.|What time will you be departing?
I need to leave sometime after 11:00 and I need tickets for 7 people.|Great, I'll be happy to look into this for you. What day would you like to leave? Do you need to arrive by a certain time?
I'd like to leave Sunday, and it doesn't matter when I arrive.|There is a train from Stevenage to Cambridge Sunday at 11:54, it arrives at 12:43 costing 10.24 GBP per ticket. Would you like me to book this train?
Yes, please. Can you please be sure to tell me the reference number?|Booking was successful, the total fee is 71.68 GBP payable at the station .
Reference number is : JCN15KC1. Will you need anything else?
No that's all. Thank you. Goodbye.|Enjoy your trip.
Where can I find a moderately priced restaurant that serves European food?|I have a number of restaurants available. Is there a particular area of the city where you would like to go?
I would prefer the centre of town.|I highly recommend Riverside Brasserie. It's located at Doubletree by Hilton Cambridge Granta Place Mill Lane. Is there anything else i can help you with?
can you book a table for 3 on monday at 18:45|Yes for sure! That booking was successful and your reference number is L6EX6O5W.
Thank you. I need to find a train from Cambridge to Birmingham New Street leaving on Tuesday and I need it to arrive by 12:45.|I have train TR0077 that leaves at 9:01 and arrives at 11:44. Would you like me to book it for you?
That sounds perfect. Could you book it for the same group of people, please?|I booked it for you. reference number is J92CR71U. Anything else today?
You are great thanks !|You're welcome. Did you need more help?
That is everything that I need.|Glad I could help. Have a great day.
I am looking for information in Cambridge looking for a restaurant in the north|We have a range of options in the north. Do you have preferred cuisine or price range?
How about an expensive venetian place?|I'm sorry, I'm not finding any results. Is there another location or price range you'd like to try?
How about something that serves Asian Oriental food?|I do have one expensive asian oriental restaurant in the north. It is called Saigon City. Can I make you a reservation?
That sounds great. I will need a table for 5.|What day and time would you like this reservation for?
16:30 on Thursday, please.|We booked you for Thursday at 16:30, is their anything else I can assist you with?
Can you provide me with a reference number, please?|Yes, your reference number is 80SX075C. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
I would like to take a train from stansted airport to cambridge, on Thursday, with arrival by 13:30.|TR9775 arrives by 12:52, would you like more info or tickets?
Please give me the departure and travel time.|It departs at 12:24 and the duration of the trip is 28 minutes.
Thank you! That is all the information I need.|excellent, have a great day!
Hi, I'm looking for a Basque restaurant in the west part of town.|I don't see any Basque restaurants.  Is there another type of food you might like?
How about british?|Graffiti is a British restaurant located in the west part of town and in the expensive price range.   Would you like their address?
I need the address and phone number, please.|Graffiti is located at Hotel Felix Whitehouse Lane Huntingdon Road, and you can phone them at 01223 277977. Do you need additional information?
Which part of town it is in ?|it is located in the west part of town
No, thanks.  I have everything I need.  Goodbye.|Goodbye.
I need some information about Churchill College.|Churchill college is in the west area, the address is storey's way and has free entrance. Would you like the phone number also?
Yes, that would be great. Can you also give me the postcode as well?|The postcode on that attraction is cb30ds. Do you need further help with anything today?
I would like to find and Italian restaurant in the Centre of town.|There are a number of them.  Did you have a price range in mind?
I'm thinking the expensive price range.|There are 4 restaurants that are in the expensive range, Caffe Uno comes highly recommended.  Shall I book a table?
Yes please.  There are 6 of us.  Make it for 17:00 on Thursday.|Your reservation for a table of 6 at Caffe Uno this thursday at 17:00 was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Your Reference number is : BZ87Z5CS.
Can you hemp book a taxi, too?|I would be happy to assist you with booking a taxi. What are your departure and destination points?
I would like to leave churchill college and get to caffe uno by 17:00|I've booked your taxi, you'll be riding in a white bmw and their phone number is 07823215445. What else can I help you with?
No, thank you. That's everything I need today. Goodbye.|enjoy your stay in Cambridge!
Could you please be kind enough and get me information on the autumn house?|The autumn house is a guest house on the east side. Would you like to make a booking?
I would like a reservation, please. If it could start on Monday, that would be great!|How many day are you looking to stay?
There are five of us staying for 5 days|Booking was successful. Reference number is : JN71E8UP.
Thanks so much. I'd also like to find an expensive restaurant in the center.|We have about 33 restaurants that fit that description.. is there any particular type of food you'd like?
how about persian food?|There are no expensive persian restaurants in the centre of town.
Ok, well thank you for trying. Can you see if there is anything with the same criteria but for italian food?|There are 4 restaurants that meet your criteria. Would you like a recommendation?
That is great, can you book me please for 12:00 for 5 people on Monday?|Sure. Does Clowns Cafe sound good?
Yes, it does.  Can you book it?  I need a reference number please|Your reference number is LYZVMZ7D. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
That's all I needed today. Thanks for all your help!|My pleasure. Enjoy your visit.
I want to find a guesthouse in the centre to stay at.|there are 2. alexander bed and breakfast, and el shaddai. which one do you prefer?
I want one that has free wifi and a rating of 4 stars. Does either of those match that description?|The Alexander Bed and Breakfast has all your preferences.  It is a wonderful guesthouse.  Would you like me to reserve a room for you?
yes please book it for 3 people and 5 nights starting from wednesday.
Make sure you get the reference number|Your reservation at the alexander bed and breakfast this wednesday for 6 days 5 nights for 3 people was successful.  Your Reference number is : 2Z64N0C6.
Thank you. I'm also looking for a restaurant called Cotto. Can you give me more info?|Sure. Cotto serves British food in the center and is moderately priced. Would you like to make a booking?
book a table for 3  at 13:30 on wednesday.|You are booked, the reference number is AS8Z2W5W, can I assist with anything else?
I think that is all I will need today. Cheers.|Great, enjoy your stay and we look forward to helping you again sometime.
I like to play sports. Are there any facilities for that in the centre section?|There are not. Is there another area you'd like to try?
in the centre and should be in the type of mutliple sports.|Sorry I am not finding anything like that, something else perhaps?
How about at a college?|There you're in luck. We have quite a lot of colleges open to visitors, and most are free to visit.
You know, actually I just remembered a place someone told me about. It's called Pembroke College. Is that in the centre area?|Yes it is in the centre, it is located on trumpington street. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
the centre and should be in the type of mutliple sport|There is nothing which matches you search in that area.
Ok, well what about a college in the centre instead?|In addition to Pembroke College that we mentioned earlier, there's Christ's College, Downing College, Jesus College, Sidney Sussex College, and others. Do any of those sound appealing?
What is the phone number for Downing?|The phone number is 01223334860. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, I am looking for a moderately priced traditional restaurant in the same area as the college.|I have many. What type of food are you looking for?
I said, traditional food please.|No matching records have been found for that criteria, can I help you with something else?
What about one with European cuisine?|I have four places. Would you like to know more about them?
You could make a recommendation please.|I recommend riverside brasserie at the center of town. Their phone number is 01223259988
Great, can you please book a table for 1 on Friday at 13:15? Can I please have the reference number?|Reference number is : IJHH4L8N.
Thank you very much. that is all for now.|you are welcome
thank you and goodbye|You will have a great day in town. Thank you for using Cambridge TownInfo centre. Goodbye.
I am looking for a restaurant that serves Australian food and in the cheap price range.|I'm sorry, there are no restaurants that serve australian food.
do you have some places that serve italian ?|la margherita seems to fit your request.
Can I get the address and phone number?|The address is 15 Magdalene Street City Centre and the phone number is 01223 315232.
Okay, perfect. Thank you very much.|Thank you.  Goodbye.
Can you let me now what guesthouses in the area have free parking?|What price range and in what area?
I have no specific area but I would like it to be cheap.|There are nine cheap guesthouses with free parking. Would you be interested in one of the 4-star properties?
Do any have free wifi?|Yes, you have your pick of several properties around town. Can I recommend autumn house? It's a 4-star guesthouse in the east on 710 newmarket rd.
May I please have their phone number?|Their phone number is 01223575122.
Thanks. I am also looking for a particular restaurant, Restaurant One Seven. Can you find the address for me?|They are a British place with a moderate price in the centre area, best beef wellington in cambridge, interested in more information?
Can I get the address on that one?|Their address is De Vere University Arms Regent Street City Centre. Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
No, thank you, that's all the information I need right now.|OK, thank you for calling. Have a great day. Goodbye.
I am looking to stay at a 4 star rated place in the moderate price range.|What area would you like it to be in?
I don't have a preference for what area, I do however want free WiFi. I would also like to stay in a guesthouse.|Then may I suggest the a and b guest house?
yes can you book it for 7 people and 3 nights starting from thursday ?|The guesthouse is located on the east side at 124 tenison road. I am trying to book it but the system must be busy. I'll try again in a minute.
Please try again|Booking was successful your ref number is 1R8GSLHI, anything else today?
Yes, I'd like to find an Indian restaurant in the north please.|You have two options, The Nirala is moderately priced, royal price is cheap, any preference?
I want the cheap one.|royal spice it is. Shall book it for you ?
On second thought, I'd like to go with Nirala? My friends want to try something a little more moderately priced. Can you give me the postcode, address and phone?|The address of the Nirala is 7 Milton Road Chesterton at the cb1uy postcode. Their number is 01223360966.
I also will need a taxi to pick me up at the hotel and get me to the restaurant by 02:15.|I have booked  grey volkswagen with contact number 07588046247. Anything else I can be of help?
Thanks that will be all for today. Goodbye.|Goodbye, enjoy your stay
I would like a restaurant in the north part of town that serves korean food|I'm sorry, there are no Korean restaurants in the north part of town. Can I help you find anything else?
How about any area?|little seoul is in the centre and serves korean food
What is the address and price range?|Little Seoul is at 108 Regent Street City Centre and is an expensive restaurant.  Do you want the phone number?
No thank you, goodbye.|Thank you for using our system. Good bye
Hi! I am so excited to be traveling to Cambridge. Would you please help me look for a place to eat while I am there?|There are 100 restaurants in Cambridge! Do you have a food type preference?
Yes I am looking for an expensive restaurant that serves modern european food in the centre.|Darry's Cookhouse and Wine Shop meets all of these requirements. Would you like me to reserve a table?
No, but can you give me the phone number and address including postcode please?|Yes certainly. The address is 40270 King Street City Centre, postcode cb11ln. Their telephone number is 01223505015.
Also, I am looking for a multiple sport attraction in the same area.  Can you help?|We don't have any sports attractions in this area.  Is there another area I can help you with?
No. Hmm. What about a concerthall?|The Man on the Moon is a concerthall in central Cambridge. It is located at 2 norfolk street, postcode cb12lf. Is there anything else I can do for you?
Can you get me the phone number please?|Certainly, The Man on the Moon's phone number is 01223474144. Do you need information about anything else?
I would also like the address and postcode for The man on the Moon concert hall.|The man on the moon is located at 2 norfolk street, postcode cb12lf. Do you need the phone number as well?
Yes I will need the phone number please.|The phone number for The Man on The Moon is, 01223474144. Is there anything else I can do for you?
No I do not need any more info Thanks|If you need anything else, please contact us. Have a good day.
I'm looking for a restaurant that serves venetian food.|Regretfully, I don't have a listing for Venetian cuisine. Do you have a second choice?
Anything in the centre would be fine, whatever you recommend.|There are over a hundred restaurants to chose from do you have a price range?
Definitely something moderately priced. If you can't find Venetian, how about British?|There are 4 results. restaurant one seven, the oak bistro, the copper kettle, and cotto. Would you like more information on any of those?
Yes, please. Find out which of the four restaurants have vegan options, please?|Sadly, I don't have access to that information.  The Oak Bistro might be a good choice. Their phone number is 01223323361 if you'd like to call them
Okay, well, let's go ahead and book a table for one at 11:30 on Tuesday.|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : 0IJIWWQ9.  What else can I help you with?
I also need a place to stay.  Can you help with that?|Yes I can. What type of place to stay would you like? What area of town?
I'm looking for a place that has 3 stars and free parking.|We have five hotels that meet that criteria, are you looking for a specific part of town?
I am not looking for a specific area, but I would like for it to be in the moderate price range, please.|How about the hamilton lodge it's located in the north.
Does that one have free internet as well? If so it will work great for me.|Yes the hamilton lodge is 3 stars moderately priced and offers free wifi and parking.
Thanks, I need a taxi to commute between the two places.|I can help you book a taxi but first I need some information - where are you leaving from and what's the destination. Also what time do you want to leave?
I am traveling between the two places discussed, I need to reach the restaurant by the booked time.|I booked you a black volvo. The driver can be reached at 07410117478. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
I'm sorry, I clearly wasn't paying attention.  Yes that is all I need.|Then you are all set?
Yes. Have a great day.|Thank you for calling.
I want some advice on places to go.|What area of town would you be in?
I don't have a preference.|How about the vue cinema located in the centre of town?
That sounds great. Can I get the postcode, entrance fee, and phone number?|I'm uncertain about the entrance fee. The postcode is cb11ps and the phone number is 08712240240. anything else today?
Yes, I would like to find a  mediterranean  restaurant in the cheap price range.|the gardenia should meet your needs.
Great, can you give me the phone number?|Their phone number is 01223356354. Do you need anything else?
And what area are they located?|The Gardenia is in the centre of town.
Ok, thank you, that's all the information I need right now.|i am happy i have been of help. welcome any time.
Hi, I'm looking for a moderately priced restaurant on the south side of town.|Pizza Hut cherry hinton is a moderately priced restaurant in the south area. Would you like their information?
Yes. phone number please|Pizza Hut Cherry Hinton is phone number is 01223 323737.
I'm not sure where on the south side I'm going to be.  Could you suggest an alternate restaurant and give me their information, too?|The only other option is restaurant alimentum. Their phone number is 01223 413000, their address is 152 - 154 Hills Road and their postcode is C.B 2, 8 P.B.
I am looking for a moderately priced restaurant in east Cambridge.|I have found three restaurants in the area you have chosen, I can go ahead and book one if you'd like me to.
Do any of them serve fusion food?|I'm sorry but no. Would you like to try any other type of food?
Do any of them serve Italian?|The Pizza Hut Fen Ditton meets your needs. Would you like a table there?
Yes, I'd like a table for 5 on Friday.|What time would you like for me to make your reservation for?
18:45, please. I also need a train on Saturday. I want to depart from Cambridge.|There are 202 trains that meet that criteria, can we narrow it down a bit? Where would you like to go?
I'd like to go to the London Kings cross|Do you have a leave time preference? The trains begin at 05:00 and continue every two hours until 23:00.
No, but I'd like to arrive by 13:00. Also, I need the reference number for my restaurant reservation, please.|The Pizza Hut Fen Ditton reservation number is 2NUCO26H.
I also need a departure time and train ID please.|I have train TR5170 departing Cambridge at 11:00 and arriving in London Kings Cross at 11:51. Would you like to book a ticket for this train?
As long as its departing on Saturday from Cambridge to london kings kross arriving by 13:00 that works. Please just confirm the train ID and departure time.|OK, TR5170 leaving Cambridge at 11:00 arrives in Kings Cross at 11:51. Is these acceptable? There are three other options.
Yes, that's good. Thank you.|Would you like me to reserve you a ticket?
No, thank you. I'm all set for today. You've been a great help!|Thank you! Have a great day!
Looking for place to eat in the south|There are nine restaurants in the south. What is your price range or type of food you prefer?
I need something in the moderate price range, preferably Eastern European food.|Unfortunately, I don't have anything that meets those requirements. Can I try another type of cuisine?
Yes, let's try looking for an Italian restaurant please.|I have one in the south, moderate price, would you like to book that one?
Can you just give me the postcode, phone number, and address?|The pizza hut cherry hinton is at  G4 Cambridge Leisure Park Clifton Way Cherry Hinton postcode cb17dy phone number 01223323737
I also need a room, with wifi and in the moderate price range.|There are 17 options. Is there a specific area that you would like to stay in?
Let's try a guesthouse, please.|Sure! I'd suggest the Avalon, a moderately priced guesthouse in the north with free wifi and 4 stars. How does that sound?
The Avalon sounds lovely. Would you book it for 3 nights starting Friday for 4 people?|I have booked it for you. Your reference number is UBTSOUBT. Is there anything else I could help you with today?
I need a taxi to commute to the restaurant and will need it until I leave at 02:15 and after, can you give me a contact number for the taxi and what car type?|The contact number for the taxi is 07992886663.
Could I also get the car type please?|Oh, sure. Be looking for a grey Volvo to pick you up. Is there anything more I can assist you with?
No, that's everything I need, thank you for your help.|You're very welcome. Feel free to come back if you have any other questions!
I'm looking for a seafood restaurant in the moderate price range.|Sorry, there are no moderately priced seafood restaurants. Can I help you find something else instead?
What about Chinese?|There are 4 moderately priced Chinese restaurants in town. Is there a particular area you are wanting to eat in?
Any one of them will be fine, if you could find one available for 4 people at 18:15 on friday please.|I have reserved a table for 4 at Jinling Noodle Bar, 11 Peas Hill in the city centre (Tel: 01223566188) on Friday at 18:15. The reference number is K9JAW7FT.
Thank you for your help. Have a great day!|Thank you for contacting Cambridge TownInfo centre. Have a wonderful day!
I'm looking for a restaurant in the South, I'd like to have indian food.|taj tandoori is indian food located in the south. Want to book it?
Yes please for two people.|What day and time would you like that table?
Actually, I don't need to book it. Can I get the address, postcode and phone number instead?  And to make sure, this is a very expensive restaurant?|64 Cherry Hinton Road Cherry Hinton 01223412299 cb17aa there you go.
Need a place to go that is a theater near the restaurant.|The Junction Theatre is also in the south.  Would you like the address and phone number?
Actually, can I get their postcode and their entrance fee please?|i'm not sure about the entrance fee but the postcode is cb17gx
Thank you! Can you please book me a taxi from the theatre to the restaurant, leaving the theatre at 16:30?|Your taxi was successfully booked. A black volvo car will pick you up at 1630 from the Junction Theatre and take you to the Taj Tandoori restaurant.
Hi, I am interested in finding a place to dine on the west side of town.|I have found results for 14 restaurants in the west.  Are you looking for a particular type of cuisine or price range?
I'd like it to be expensive british food. Any suggestions?|The Graffitti and the Travellers Rest both match your criteria. Would you like to book at table at one of these?
Yes, a table for 8 people on saturday at 18:15. Please provide a reference number, thank you!|You'll find a table waiting for your party at the Travellers' Rest. Your reference number is 00SSYQH4.
Thanks! I'm also looking to visit a museum in town.|I have many. What part of town and type of museum do you prefer?
I do not care about what type of museum or where it is at. What is your recommendation?|Broughton House Gallery. Phone number is 01223314960. Located at 98 king street postal code cb11In. Entrance fee is free.
Thank you so much for choosing for me - really took the stress out of this trip! I think that's all I need.|You're welcome. Enjoy your trip. Goodbye.
I am looking for a restaurant called Panahar.|Panahar is an expensive Indian restaurant located at 8 Norfolk Street City Centre, cb12lf. Their phone number is 01223355012. Would you like to book a table?
Yes, for 5 at 11:00 on thursday|I have booked your reservation for 5 on thursday at 11:00. Your reference number is 2UOIVX5L. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Thanks so much. Let me double check my list.|Perhaps I could help you find an attraction to visit while you're in town?
That would be great. I'm looking for a place to go in the centre. A college would be nice.|we have several 3 in the west and 2 in the centre of town, any preference?
I don't have a specific college in mind, do you mind giving me your recommendation? Which one do you think is the most beautiful?|Corpus Christi in the centre is quite beautiful, in my opinion.
Great, could I get the address there?|Sure, their address is king's parade. Do you need anything else?
I also need a taxi to take me between the two places.|You taxi is booked. Look for a black lexus, contact number is 07439355567. Can I help with anything else?
I believe that is all for today. I really appreciate all your help. Have a great day. goodbye|excellent, have a great day!
I want to find a restaurant in the centre part of town and serves barbeque food. If not then how about modern european food?|There are four venues serving modern European food in the Centre of town. What price range do you want?
I want the most expensive one available.|darrys Cookhouse and Wine Shop is the most expensive modern European restaurant.
What is the address?|Darrys Cookhouse and Wine Shop's address is 40270 King Street City Centre.
Can you suggest any local restaurants in the centre that serve fusion food? Thanks.|Unfortunately, there are no restaurants meeting your criteria.
Okay, in that case, can you recommend something else in the centre that is moderately priced?|I don't see any restaurants matching your criteria. Do you have any other criteria I can search for?
Can you check for british food instead?|I have 5 would you like m to recommend one?
Yes, that would be great!|You should try the the copper kettle at 4 Kings Parade City Centre. Would you like me to make a reservation for you there?
Yes please make a booking for 3 people at 19:45 on friday.|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : JWEROL3K. Is there anything else you need?
Yes, I need a train on the same day from ely to cambridge.|What time would you like to leave or arrive in cambridge on friday?
I need the train to arrive to arrive by 13:45.  There will be 3 of us.  Can I get a reference number?|TR0212 leaves Ely at 11:35 and arrives in Cambridge at 11:52. Will this work for you?
yes and thank you that will be all|Can  I help you with anything else today?
Can you book the 3 of us tickets?|I have successfully booked your train reservation. The total fee is 13.2 GBP, payable at the station. Reference number is UHK3WFOA. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
That is all I needed today, thank you.|Have a nice day.
I am looking for a restaurant on the eastern side of town.|pizza hut fen ditton is moderately priced and at the east side of the city.
is there another one as well?|Yes there are 8 more. What type of food do you want?
Is there anything British available?|There is one restaurant serving British food on the east side of town. Their name is Grafton Hotel Restaurant. Would you like their contact information?
What is the address and postcode?|Grafton Hotel Restaurant is located at Grafton Hotel 619 Newmarket Road Fen Ditton, in postal code C.B 5, 8 P.A. Would you like me to find any additional information?
No, I think that does it. Thank you for the info.|You're welcome. Thank you for calling us today.
Goodbye.|goodbye
I am looking for a restaurant in the south.|We have nine. Do you have a preference as to cuisine or price range?
I am looking for one that serves Portuguese food and is cheap.|I found one. It is called Nandos. Would you like for me to book it for you?
Yes please. We would like a table for 2 at 18:00 on Saturday.|I am sorry this restaurant is booked would you like to try a different place?
No thank you,I will call again.|Have a nice day.
I am looking for a particular restaurant. Its name is called caffe uno.|Caffe Uno? Excellent choice! Would you like to make a reservation?
Yes please! There will be 7 of us dining on sunday|At what time would you like the reservation?
16:15 seems like a good time.|I have booked the table for Sunday, the reference number is 1XGV4VGP. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
That's all I needed help with. Thanks a lot!|Awesome, thank you for using Cambridge TownInfo centre. Enjoy the restaurant!
I am planning a trip to cambridge and would like a place to go in the centre area.|Do you have a particular attraction type in mind? There are colleges, cinemas, museums, nightclubs and more. Do any of those interest you?
I think a nightclub would be interesting. Do you have a favorite?|I would recommend the soul tree nightclub in the centre of town.
Okay, great. Do you have a phone number for the nightclub?|The phone number is 01223477900. Can I help with anything else?
I'm thinking about grabbing a bite to eat. Can you tell me about a moderately priced restaurant in the centre of town?|Sure what type of cuisine are you looking for?
I think Indian food sounds good, please provide me with their phone number.|It looks like there aren't any moderately priced Indian places in the centre.  Can I check another section of town, perhaps?
Same area is fine, any type of place will work, Ill go with what you recommend.|There is none in that area,would you like to try something else
Sure, any kind of food that is moderately priced and in the same area would be great.|I'm sorry it took so long for me to figure out what you meant. I'd recommend the Yippee Noodle Bar, would you like me to book it for you?
I just want their phone number please|Their number is 01223518111.
Thank  you, can you help me book a taxi from the restaurant at 18:45?|Sure, what will your destination be?
I need to go to the soul tree nightclub.|Your booking is completed, a blue toyota will be picking you up.
What is the contact number?|I apologize, the contact number is 07415118557, can I help with anything else?
That is all, thank you, have a great weekend.|You too! Enjoy your time with us here in Cambridge!
Are there any colleges in the west.|What about christ's college? It has free admission.
can I have the address, phone number, and entrance fee please ?|It's located at saint andrew's street, 01223334900 is their phone number and the entrance is free as I said.
I am also interested in a restaurant in the same area|Do you have a cuisine or price range preference?
I want to eat some traditional food, I'm on a budget so it needs to be cheap!|Sorry, there is no match, do you have any other location preference?
How about trying Italian food?|La Margherita meets your criteria. Would you like to book a table?
Yeah, could I book a table for 3 on Saturday at 11:45?|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Reference number is : 9C381LJE.
Thank you for your help!|Can I help you with anything else today?
No, I think that is all for today. You have been great. Thank you for your help.|Thank you for using our service today!
I am looking for an attraction to try out in the west part of town, what is available?|I have 13 attractions on the west and i can assist you make a choice if i know your interest and budget?
You can just choose one for me-I have no preference, I'll just need to know the entrance fee please.|You might enjoy the Museum of Classical Archaelogy. It has free admission.
Sounds great. Thank you! Also, can you give me some information on a restaurant called Kohinoor?|The Kohinoor serves Indian cuisine.  It is located in the town centre and has reasonably priced food.
Does reasonably mean cheap?|Yes, reasonable means adforable
No, what I meant was is it the cheap, moderate, or expensive price range specifically?|It is cheap. If you would like I could search for another more expensive Indian restaurant for you.
No thanks, Kohinoor sounds fine. Thanks for the research. Goodbye.|It's my pleasure.  Have a nice day.
Hello, I'm trying to find an expensive restaurant in the south. Suggestions?|The Good Luck Chinese Food Takeaway and Peking restaurant service Chinese.  The Taj Tandoori serve Indian, Frankie and Bennys is an Italian restaurant, and Chiquito restaurant bar is a Mexican restaurant.
Okay, please make a reservation at Frankie and bennys for 8 people at 18:30 on Friday.|Ok I have book you the restaurant for 18:30 friday they will reserve the table for 15 minutes and your reference number is OKHX70US
I also need info on a hotel called the Kirkwood house.|The Kirkwood house is a guesthouse in the moderate price range with a 4 star rating. It also has free parking and wifi
Thank you for all your help today I think that is everything. Goodbye.|Okay great, have a good day!
Okay, thanks, bye!|Thank you for using our system!
I am hoping to try some restaurants while in town but before that, I would like to go to a park.|We have several, in several different parts of town. I can recommend Wandlebury Country Park in the south. Would that suit you?
Yes, I think so. Let's try that. Can you tell me their address please?|The address is wandlebury ring, gog magog hills, babraham.
Is there an entrance fee? I would also like a restaurant serving Indian food that is in the west. What can you recommend?|The park is free. There are several Indian places on the Westside. Do you have a price range you're looking for? Otherwise I'd suggest Tandoori Palace.
No, Tandoori Palace sounds good.  Please book that for 3 people at 15:15 on Saturday.|I was able to book you a table for 3 at Tandoori Place on Saturday at 15:15.  Can I help you more today?
Can I have the reference number please?|The reference number is RGA0Z1UO. Can I help with anything else today? Perhaps a taxi?
Yes I need a taxi between the two places please.|Sure! when would you like to leave or arrive by?
I need it to get me to the Tandoori Palace in time for my reservation. So 15:15?|I was able to book that taxi for you. Be looking for a blue Tesla. If you need to reach them, please call 07337861818. Anything else I can help with?
Nothing else. Thank you so much for your help. Goodbye.|You're welcome. Have a nice day.
I am looking for a place to dine that is in the expensive price range.|I can go ahead and help you with that. Are you looking for a particular type of food?
I am in the mood for Lebanese food.|Okay, would you like to try any specific type of food?
Let's go with lebanese.|I have no listings for lebanese food in the expensive price range. Would you like to try something else?
Can you list places for french food?|Restaurant two two is a french restaurant in the north part of the city and cote is in the centre of the city. Do either of those sound good?
Cote sounds good. What is the address?|The address for Cote is Bridge Street City Centre. Would you like me to reserve you a table?
Yup book it thanks!  Can you recommend a place to go nearby as well?  thank you|How many people should I book for the restaurant?
Nope, don't book it!  Please give me the address instead.|Sure, the address is Bridge Street City Centre. What else can I help with?
Yes.  I need to a place to go.  I'm thinking it would be convenient if it was in the same area as the restaurant.|You have a particular type of attraction in mind?
Nothing in particular what would you recomend and what are the  entrance fees?|All saints church and Holy trinity church are nice places if you are into architecture. They both have free entrance. Do one of these interest you?
Yes, I would also need a taxi to go between the two places.|What time would you like to travel?
I want to leave the attraction by 11:45.|Booking completed!
Booked car type	:	red honda
Contact number	:	07362331493
Thank you. Have a great day!|Thanks, you too!
Please click on end of dialogue.|Oops. Sorry about that.
I'm looking for a restaurant the serves spanish food.|Would you prefer cheap or moderate price range?
I have no preference.|Two selections fit your requirements. La Tasca and La Raza are both located in the centre part of town. Do either of those interest you?
Yes, I would like the address of La Raza please.|La Raza's address is 4 - 6 Rose Crescent.  Is there anything else I can do for you?
No. Thank you, goodbye.|You're welcome, goodbye.
We will be on the west side of town and would like to find a place to eat while there.|What type of cuisine would you be looking for?
I want some Scottish food.|There are none in the area. Another type or area perhaps?
Yeah, can you check the south please?|There are no restaurants in that area.
What a bummer. Find me a restaurant that serves British food on the West please.|There are 3 restaurants in that area that serve British food.  Is there a particular price range your looking for?
The expensive range please.  I will need their phone number and address.  Also, I am looking for a train departing from Cambridge on Saturday.|Travellers Rest is located at Huntingdon Road City Centre. The phone number is 01223276182. Where are you traveling to on Sunday?
I need to get to london liverpool street by 13:00.|I would suggest train TR0995, it leaves at 09:59 and will get you to your destination by 11:27. Would you like me to book that for you?
No need to book. But, can I please get the price of the ticket?|the price for the ticket is 13.28 pounds
Thanks so much.  That will be all the information I need today.  Bye.|Glad I could help, Have a great day!
I need to find a hotel to stay at that has a 4 star rating and includes free wifi.|I have many options for you! Is there a certain area you need, or a certain price range?
I would like to stay in the north area and I have a moderate price range. Do you think you can help me?|I have many options. do you have a preference for parking?
Yes, I would like free parking.|Ok, there is acorn guest house as well as 5 others for you to choose from.
That will be fine can I get the information for them please.|The Acorn guesthouse is located at 154 chesterton road, the postcode is cb41da, and the phone is 0122335388.  Shall I book a room for you?
Not yet, I'm also looking for a place to eat Chinese food.  I need it in the moderate price range as well.|I have 4 options available. 3 are in the centre and 1 is in the north. Do you have a preference?
I want one that serves Chinese food, one that's in the same area as the acorn guesthouse.|the golden wok is the only one. When would you like the table and for how many?
I need the address please|Of course, the address is 191 Histon Road Chesterton. Would this restaurant work for you?
Yes, that's perfect. Thanks for your help.|Can I help you with anything else?
That's all I need, thanks so much for your help! Have a great day!|Thank you so much, have a great day.
I'm looking for a gastropub.|Okay, there are four gastropubs in cambridge. Are you looking for a particular area or a certain price range?
Yes, something in the centre of town please?|I have 3 gastropubs in the center of town. Does price range matter to you?
No, price range does not matter.|In that case, I recommend Backstreet Bistro at 2 Sturton Street City Centre. Would you like a table there?
I'm sorry, I do need something expensive. Is  Backstreet Bistro an expensive place?|Yes, they are an expensive restaurant. Would you like me to make a reservation for you?
Yes, I'd like  reservation for 8 people t 11:15 on Saturday.|Booking was successful. Can I get you anything else?
May I have the reference number?|Of course, the reference number is JP761RJS.
Thank you so much.|Have a great day!
I am in need of some entertainment. Can you recommend anything?|all saints church is pretty popular for architecture lovers.
Where is this located?|It is located on jesus lane in the city center.
Is it located in the centre? If none exists, could you find one that is a type of concerthall?|Yes, All Saints Church is located in the central area. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, what is the phone number and postcode for All Saints Church?|The phone number is 01223452587 and the postcode is cb58bs.
Is All Saint Church an entertainment attraction? I'm also looking for a place to dine in the centre that serves eastern european food in the moderate price range.|There are no eastern european restaurants in the centre. Perhaps you would like chinese instead?
Well, I guess I would like to try turkish food if you have that.|I have 3 great places that serve turkish food in the centre of town. I have 2 that are moderately priced and 1 that is expensive. Do you have a preference?
I need it on Friday, for 6, at 12:15.|I would happily book the restaurant but I need you to respond to my previous inquiry about your price preference
I would prefer moderately priced. What are the two options I have?|The two options are Anatolia and Efes Restaurant. Do you have a preference?
Anatolia sounds good. Please book it for 6 people on Friday at 12:15|The Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : 71YJN5ID.
I also need a taxi to commute between the locations.|No, it is an architectural attraction. Would you like me to look for a concert hall for you?
I actually want entertainment type of place.|How about cherry hinton hall and grounds?
Sounds great, I'd like a taxi to go between the two that arrives at the restaurant by the booked time.|Booking completed! Your contact number is 07835118695 and the car type is a black audi. Can I help you with anything else?
I think that should do it. Thanks for your help today!|You are very welcome. Have a good evening. Goodbye.
I need information on the hotel Limehouse please.|Limehouse is a guesthouse on the north side of town.  It has a moderate price range and is 4 stars.  Would you like to book at this guesthouse?
Could you please tell me if free parking and internet is available at the Limehouse?|Yes, limehouse has both internet and parking. Would you like me to book you a room there?
Yes but I'm also looking for an expensive restaurant that serves British food in the area.|It appears the screen is locked. Give me a moment. Let me see.
Once you find a restaurant, I want to book a table for 5 people at 13:00 on tuesday. Please don't forget my reference number.|I will book the Limehouse for you.
Thanks can I please have the reference number?|I'm sorry, but I'm experiencing some errors. Can you please restate your request?
Sure,I am looking for a restaurant serving british food in the expensive price range.|How about the Travellers Rest, in West Cambridge?
That sounds perfect. Could you book me a table for 5 at 1300 on tuesday.|I certainly can! Your booking is confirmed and your reservation number is 8VQLVP78.
Great! Thank you so much.|Is there anything else I can help you with? Can I recommend a nearby attraction?
Great. Thank you very much for your help. That will be all.|You are very welcome. Thank you for contacting Cambridge Towninfo Centre. Have a great day.
I need a train that Departs Tuesday with the destination of cambridge.|Yes I have a train leaving on Tuesday at 05:17 from London kings cross.
Is there one departing Kings Lynn later than 16:15 please?|Yes, TR5793 is departing kings lynn at 17:11 and arriving at cambridge at 17:58, will this work for you?
Yes. I need a booking for 3 people.|You're all set! The total fee is 29.4 GBP and your reference number is 2I8XTN6S. Can I help you with anything else today?
I'd also like to find a restaurant serving British food in the Centre of town.|I have 7 fitting that criteria, what price range do you prefer?
The price range doesn't matter to me, but can you book at table for 3 people at 19:15 on Tuesday?|I am sorry I cannot book for that many people at that time, another time slot perhaps?
How about 18:15 then?|I have confirmed your reservation for 3 on Tuesday at 18:15 at The Oak Bistro. Your reference number is 82YQHDQQ. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No. Thank you.|Ok, thank you for using our services.  Have a wonderful day.
I'm looking for some entertainment in the centre, is there anything interesting to see there?|There are tons of things to see in the centre, you'll have a blast. What kind of attraction were you thinking?
I was thinking something in entertainment, but if that is not available I would like to know where the swimming pools are.|Nothing in the terms of entertainment but there is a swimmingpool. It is called Parkside Pools.
that is fine. get me the phone number and address|The phone number is 01223446100. The address is gonville place. Do you need anything else?
I'm also looking for information on a restaurant called rice boat.|Rice Boat is an expensive Indian restaurant on the west side. Their location is 37 Newnham Road, Newnham. Would you like to book a table there?
Yes, please. Can you reserve a table for Saturday for 5 people at 13:45? Thanks.|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Can I have the reference number for the booking?|Yes I will get you that number,one moment please
I'm planning a trip to Cambridge and I'm looking for a train that leaves sunday and arrives at 5:30.|There are three trains that meet this criteria, two from Birmingham New Street at 22:40 and 23:40, and one from London Liverpool Street at 23:39. Which do you prefer?
i would like the 22:40|Sure, that is train TR1873.  Would you like me to book some seats for you?
No thanks. I will book later. But can I get the price and travel time please?|Sure, TR1873 is 60.08 GBP per ticket and is a 163 minute journey.  Is there anything else I can do for you today?
Yes, I need to find a restaurant that serves indian food in the centre of town.|I have several options. What price range would you like?
Could you give me a recommendation?|How about The Ghandhi located at 72 Regent Street?
That sounds fine. Can you book me a table at 10:45 on Sunday?|Ok, how many people will you be dining with?
I only need a booking for a party of 1.|I am sorry that time is unavailable. Would you like to book for another day or time?
How about 09:45 instead?|I am sorry that time is unavailable as well. Would you like to book for another day or time?
How about 9:45?|Your booking was successful! Your reference number is 9F8YFU1O. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Nope that's all thanks!|Thank you for contacting us have a good day.
I need information on the university arms hotel.|Yes, the University Arms Hotel is located in the centre area and is on Regent Street. Would you like me to book a room for you?
yes. please book for me a table for thee tommorow diner at 8 pm|You asked about a hotel.  Would you like to book a room or would you like me to help find a restaurant?
I need more info.  Does the hotel have free parking and what is the price range?|It is in the expensive price range, but it does have free internet and free parking.
Okay can you also help me with a restaurant that serves Cantonese food in the city center?|There aren't any restaurants in the city centre that serves Cantonese food.  Would you like to try a different type of cuisine or try a different area?
Are there any that serve north american food?|Yes, there is gourmet burger kitchen. It is an expensive restaurant. Would you like me to book it for you?
I just need their phone number.|There phone number is 01223312598. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
No I am good for now, thanks for all of your help.|Thank you for contacting us and have a nice day.
So this is probably impossible but can you find me a 0-star hotel that offers free parking?|I don't have any 0 star hotels with parking available but I do have a couple of guesthouses available. Do you have a location preference?
No, but I would like place in the moderate price range.|Well, I have the Archway House that would fit your needs.  It's located in the North at 52 Gilbert Rd.  Can I book this for you?
What about a moderately priced 4 star hotel with free parking?|Unfortunately there are no moderately priced 4 star hotels with free parking.  Could I interest you in either a 2 star moderately priced hotel, or 4 star guest house?
I think I'll go with my original 0 star.  Archway House sounds fine.  Can you reserve 3 nights arriving on Thursday for 3 people please?|I was able to make a booking for you. Your reference number is J7NF1FG6.
ok I need a place to eat that serves portuguese food|Nandos serves Portuguese food. There's one in South Cambridge and one in the central area. Would you like me to make a reservation for you?
No, just tell me what kind of prices the one in the south charges.|The one in the south is considered cheap
Ok great. Thanks for the help.|I can make a reservation for Nandos in the south. How many in your party, what day and what time do you want?
Thanks, but I don't need a reservation. Can you tell me their price range please?|it is in cheap price range
Okay, great. I'll go there.|Is there anything else I can help with today?
No that's all I need today.|Have a great day
I have some questions about attractions, today.|What type of questions do you have. I have 79 attractions available what are you looking for and in what area?
I want to learn about attractions in the west side of town.|Are you looking for a museum to visit? Or would you prefer a college?
Surprise me :)  I need the address, postcode and the entrance fee.  I also need a vegetarian restaurant with a moderate price range.|I would recommend churchhill college. It's free to enter. The address is storey's way. The post code is cb30ds. What area should the restaurant be in?
i don't mind where it is as long as they have vegetarian food.|I'm sorry, I have no vegetarian restaurants available. Is there something else you would be interested in?
Could you look for an Indian restaurant?|There is an indian restaurant called Meghna in the west. It's moderately priced. Would you like me to book a table?
No just provide me their address and phone number.|sure they are located at 205 Victoria Rd Chesterton, phone is 01223727410, something else today?
I'm going to need a taxi to get to the two places.|Where do you want to depart and arrive and what time?
I'm going to need to leave the museum by 9:00.|Your are booked, look for a red volvo, if you need to contact them, their number is 07134286519, any further questions?
Thank you so much. I don't think I have any questions right now.|Can I look up anything else for you?
No thank you.|Have a nice day, goodbye!
I would like to find a guesthouse to stay at with a 4 star rating.|OK, do you have a certain area or price range in mind?
I'd like it to be expensive, but have free wifi.|I'm sorry, there are absolutely no guesthouses that meet those requirements.  Can I look for something different?
How about a cheap one?|I have several guesthouses in the cheap price range.  Do you have a preference in the part of town?
I do not care what area.|How about the alexander bed and breakfast?  It is a guesthouse in the centre with 4 stars.  It includes free internet and parking.  Shall I book it?
Actually I would just like their postcode at the moment.|Sure, the guesthouse postcode is cb12de. Do you need help with anything else?
No thank you that will be all|welcome and have a nice day
I'm sorry I am also looking for a restaurant called bedouin.|Yes, it's an african restaurant in the centre. Would you like a booking?
Yes. Can I book for 8 people on Saturday at 16:00?|Your table is reserved at Bedouin, the reference number is 8KD5RUKV. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Thank you. That is all I needed.|Have a lovely day, goodbye.
I'd like you to tell me about great Indian restaurants in the area.  It's okay if they are expensive.|There are a total of 14 different expensive Indian restaurants located throughout the city. Is there a particular area of town you would like to eat in?
No. Choose one for me.|Curry garden has good reviews, would you like to book there?
Sure! Can you book a table for 8 people at 17:30 on Friday?|Sure.  Your reference number is QLMRQ3H2.  Anything else?
Thank you. That's all I need right now. Bye.|You're welcome. Goodbye!
I'm looking for an Italian food restaurant located in the centre|i got 9 options.what is your price range?
Thank you! I am looking for a cheap restaurant.|Okay, I recommend Zizzi Cambridge. Would you like a reservation?
Yes, please. It needs to be for 4 people at 18:15 on Thursday.|I was able to book your table successfully. Your reference number is T8HBG78O and your table will be held for 15 minutes. Do you need any further assistance today?
Well, I also need a place to stay.  I prefer a guesthouse with a 2 star rating.|We have many guest houses, but none of them have a two star rating. Could I find something else for you?
Yes you can The hotel should be in the same area as the restaurant|I would suggest the acorn guest house.
Okay thank you. Please book that for 4 people at 18:15 on thursday.|I will book that for 4 people.
Thank you. What is the address?|The address is 154 chesterton road.
I need a cab to commute, to the hotel by 18:15 and I need the contact # and car type too please|Okay! From where will you be departing?
Actually I will be departing from the hotel and arriving by the 18:15 restaurant booking.   How silly of me to tell you that I was leaving the restaurant.|Your taxi is confirmed. You should look for a white lexus. If you need to contact the driver, the contact number is 07179268142.
That is all I need today thank you.|You're welcome. Please contact us again if you need any further assistance.
Can you help me find a place to dine?|Is there a specific area of town you would like?
I'd like an indian restaurant in the west.|Ok, there are six. They are all expensive except for one.
I am looking for something in the moderate price range, please.|I would recommend the Meghna for you. Should I make a booking for you?
Yes, please. Can you book me a table for 5 people at 12:45 on Wednesday? Thanks|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Reference number is : 4O6WBUD1. anything else today?
I am also looking for somewhere to go in the same area as the restaurant|What sort of attraction would you like?
Whatever is popular, I just need the attraction type on postcode of whatever you pick|Churchhill College is in west and its a college the post code is cb30ds
Okay great, thank you.|Is there anything else you need today?
No, that will be all. Thank you!|Thank you for contacting the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Goodbye
I am looking for Mediterranean food in the center of the city.|I show 3 available. 2 are in the expensive range and 1 is cheap. May I book a table for you?
I'd like the expensive range and I'd like to book a table for 7 people on Saturday at 15:45.|I have booked you at the Shiraz Restaurant for 7 people Saturday at 15:45. Your table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Thank you so much.  That is all I need today.  Have a great evening.|Sure.  Your reference number is MSV3UPS2.  You will likely need it.
Great. Thanks so much!|Thanks for calling. You have a great day!
I want to find a restaurant in the centre part of town and serves persian food.|There are no restaurants serving Persian food in the Centre part of town.
I would like a thai restaurant then.|I see several options for Thai food in the city centre. Would you like to narrow them down by price?
Yes please. Like to hear least to most expensive first.|bangkok city is the only result and it is expensive.
What is the address and phone number?|The address for Bangkok city is  24 Green Street City Centr, and the phone number is 01223 354382 . Is there anything else I can help you with?
Thank you, goodbye|Have a nice day!
I'm looking for some info on kohinoor.|Great! Kohinoor is an Indian cuisine restaurant in the cheap price range! Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, I'd like to book a table for just me at 13:45 on Friday.|Unfortunately reservations are not possible for that time. Would you like to try for another day or time?
I could eat at 12:45.  I hope that is available.|That worked out for you! Your reference number is IHQK49W4.
Great thank you for all your help|Thank you for calling, goodbye.
Hi! Can you tell me a little bit about the colleges that are in the center of town?|There are 13 colleges to visit in the centre. Are you interested in visiting christs college?
Sounds great. What is the address?|The address for Christ's College is Saint Andrew's Street.
Is there an entrance fee for the college?|There is no entrance fee for Christ's College.
Great. I'm looking for Midsummer House Restaurant also. Can you help me book it?|Yes, I can! When and what time would you like to go? Also how many people is the reservation for?
I need to book a table for 7 people at 16:00 on Tuesday.|It has been booked the reference number is E8J6X7ZH the table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
I also need a taxi between both places to arrive by the booked time|I've booked your taxi! A Grey Volkswagen will you pick you up and take you to the restaurant. The contact number is 07776457787. Can I help you with anything else?
Thank you. Will the taxi arrive at the restaurant by 16:00?|Yes, the taxi is due to arrive at 16:00.
Great. Thank you for your help.|It's my pleasure. Let me know if you ever need anything else.
I'm looking for some place to go in the town centre. Something sports related.|I am sorry but I have nothing in that area for sports. Would you like to try another area or attraction today?
OK, are there any colleges in the center of town?|There are 13 colleges in the centre area. Christ's College and Downing College are two of these, would you like some more information on one of these?
Yes, Christ's College. What is the entrance fee for that college?|I'm sorry, I cannot look up the entry fee to Christ's College. Is there anything else I can do for you today?
I also need a restaurant in the same area.|Sure, there are many nearby, do you have a type of cuisine you are looking for or a price range to look at?
I'd like something moderately priced.|The yippee noodle bar is in the centre and moderately priced. Would you like more information?
Yes, I'd like the post code. Also, if you can't get it for Christ's College, do you know the entrance fee for Downing College, by any chance?|The postcode of yippee noodle bar is cb11lh. Christ's college is free to enter.
Thanks! I think you covered everything I need. Have a good one. Bye.|Thank you for using Cambridge TownInfo centre.  Please contact us for your future travel needs.
I'm looking for a moderately priced restaurant in the centre. Can you recommend one?|Sure, I can help you with that.  There are plenty of options that meet your requirements.  Was there a particular type of food you were interested in?
Are there any Australian restaurants?|I'm sorry, there are no Australian restaurants in any price range anywhere in Cambridge. Would you like to try a different cuisine?
What about European?|There are four great choices but i highly recommend galleria located at 33 Bridge Street. Would you like me to reserve you a table?
Yes can you please make me a reservation?|Sure. What day works for you?  How many people will be in your dining group?
Just me. And I need the reservation for Wednesday.|Sure, what time do you prefer?
Make it for 11:15.|Ok, your booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Your reference number is : JFF6XGYL.
Thanks I also need a hotel to stay at with free parking in the same area as the restaurant.|alexander bed and breakfast is quite popular in the centre of town and while on the cheap price range, it is a 4 star which includes both internet and parking.
I am actually looking for a hotel to book, not a guesthouse. I need a hotel in the center with free parking.|I have 2 to choose from. The Gonville Hotel which has 3 stars or the University Arms Hotel that is 4 star rated. Do you need a reservation at one?
Lets book the Gonville Hotel.|How many days would you like to stay?
I need a reservation just for myself for 3 nights starting Wednesday, please.|OK, booking complete at the Gonville Hotel for 3 nights starting on Wednesday for 1 guest. Your Reference number is : 9QUHR157.
Thank you for all your help.|Have a nice day, goodbye!
I need a hotel in north Cambridge.|There are 2 hotels in the north area of town, both have 2 star ratings and offer free wifi and parking.  Can I book one for you?
Is the parking free?|Yes they have free parking.
Yes, go ahead.  I need it for Tuesday for 3 people and for 3 nights.   Could you send me a reference number too?|What day will you be staying there?
I told you Tuesday can I speak to a manager you are not paying attention.|Booking was successful.
Reference number is : KZHALMQD.
anything else?
Can you also find an expensive british restaurant for me?|There are many good British restaurants in town. One of my favorites is Graffiti on the west side of town. Would you like me to make you reservations?
Yes, please. Can we get a table on the same day we arrive at the hotel? We'd like to eat at 20:00, if possible.|Your table has been booked for 3 people at 20:00 on Tuesday at Graffiti. Your reference number is BA1VAKNA.
Perfect, thank you. That's all I needed.|Excellent!  Enjoy your visit.
I'm looking for a place called maharajah tandoori restaurant. Do you know it? It's a restaurant.|Yes, it's a luxurious place on the west side. Would you like the number, or a reservation?
Yes, I would like to make a reservation for 6 people at 19:30 this Saturday. Could I also get the reference number?|Yes! Your all set confirmation number is QX0059LN, anything else today?
I was hoping to find a hotel that is 4 star.|What part of town are you looking at staying in?
I don't care, just as long as it's in the moderate price range.|You have 11 options. They are all guesthouses. Would you like free parking or internet at your location?
Oh, I really prefer a hotel.  Maybe you could find someplace that is cheap instead?|the cambridge belfry is in the west. It's a cheap 4 star hotel. Are you interested in booking a night?
Yes book it for Saturday. 6 people, 5 nights.|You are all set, the reference number is OEX7Z2S0, can I assist with anything else today?
That is all I need.|Thank you for calling and if you need anything else don't hesitate to call again.  Enjoy your dinner and hotel stay!
I'd like an expensive restuarant with Chinese food.|Sure, I have 9 restaurants like that. Is there a certain area you had in mind?
I would like to stay in the south please.|I have 2 chinese restaurants in the south. Both are expensive but worth the money! I have the Peking Restaurant and the Good Luck Chinese Food Takeaway.
Could you reserve a table for 5 at Peking Restaurant.  I need it for Wednesday at 11:15.|I was able to successfully book at table for 5 at Peking restaurant for 11:15. Your reference number is WOK3FTDI. Your table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Thank you so much, that is all that I needed!|You are welcome!
Give me an expensive japanese place to eat in the centre of the town please.|There is one place called Wagamama.  Great food.  Can I book a table for you?
That sounds good.|Can you give me the number of people, the time, and the day you would like to go, please?
I would like to book for Saturday at 12:15 for 3 people.|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : 75RU4Q1L.
Thank you so much. Can you help me find a 2 star hotel with free parking?|There are three hotels that meet that criteria. Do you prefer a certain price range or part of town?
No, I just need to know if they have internet and I need their postcode.|The Ashley hotel has free parking and internet. It is rated 2 stars. Their postal code is cb41er. May I help with something more?
Thanks, you've been helpful! That's it for me. Bye!|It was my pleasure to assist you! Til next time!
I'm wondering if you have information about a particular restaurant called the curry queen?|The curry queen is an expensive restaurant located in centre. Would you like me to book a table for you?
Yes, a table for 7 at 12:45 on Sunday.|Your reservation is all set! Your reference number is WFOQFQ2P. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Need to book a hotel as well.|Do you have a price range or area you would like to stay?
My preferred type is a hotel, and I want it to have parking and internet as well as a 3 star rating.|There are two options. Both are expensive. Do you have a preference for area?
No I have no preference. I would like to book it same day for 7 people and 4 nights. I would need the reference number once it is complete.|I'm sorry, I am unable to book it right now.
Are you sure?  Can you try both of them?  I really need 4 nights, starting sunday for 7 people.|I was able to book the gonville your reservation number is LANIULI7, anything else I can help you with today?
Awesome, you've been a great help.  Thank you.|I'm happy to help, and I hope you enjoy your time in Cambridge!
I need a restaurant that serves Indian food in the moderate price range|I have two indian restaurants in the east, and one each in the north and west. Where do you want to dine?
I would like the one in the west.|Meghan is in that area and serves Indian food would you like to make a reservation
Yes. I would like a reservation for 1 person at 13:15 on Thursday.|I've successfully booked your table. The reference number is GK41EYSD.
I would like to go to a nice nightclub|We have ballare that's night, it's in the city centre.
Okay, what is the address and entrance fee for it?|Ballare is Heidelberg Gardens, Lion Yard, postcode cb23na and the entrance fee is 5 pounds. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I am also going to need a taxi that goes from Ballare to Meghan and gets me to Meghan by 13:15 for my reservation.|OK, I have a grey skoda taxi booked for you. The Contact number is 07058412849. Is there anything else I can help with today?
.
No thank you, that is everything that I need.|Thank you and enjoy your stay.
I want to find an expensive restaurant in the centre of town.|The cambridge chop house serves british food,  it is in the centre of town and is in the expensive price range.
Great, what is the postcode and phone number?|The postcode is cb21sj and the phone number is 01223359506.
I also need a train from Cambridge to Stansted Airport.  Can you please look that up for me.|i got 5 choices.  what time do you want to leave?
I just need to  leave on Wednesday and should arrive by 18:15.|Train TR2912 arrives at Stansted Airport at 17:08. Would you like to reserve a ticket?
What is the departure time?|I will be leaving at 17:00.
Ok, thank you. That is all the information I need today.|OK, if that's all you need, I'm happy to have been of service! Have a wonderful day.
I am looking for a cheap restaurant in the North part of town. I will need their address.|There is a cheap Italian restaurant at 20 Milton Road Chesterton, or one that serves Indian food at Victoria Avenue Chesterton.
Thank you goodbye.|Thank you, goodbye!
I need a place to stay with free wifi.|Yes, there are multiple places to stay in Cambridge. May I help narrow down these choices for you?
I don't care about what part of town it is in, but I would like a 3 star guesthouse.|I'd suggest bridge guest house on 151 hills road. Would you like a reservation?
How expensive is it ? And is there any nearby attractions ?|The Bridge Guest House is in the moderate price range, and we have attractions in all areas of Cambridge so I'm sure you will find something to your liking.
Can you make a reservation for 8 people for 5 nights starting from Wednesday?|I was able to book the room for you your reference number is 5YY25K1O. Is there anything else you need me to do for you?
No, you've been very helpful. That's all I needed. Thank you very much.|You are welcome.
Actually, I'm also looking for an expensive place to dine in the centre.|The Kymmoy is expensive and in the centre of town
I need to book a table for the same group of people at 20:00 the same day. I need the reference number as well.|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : UF08L0ON.  Anything else that I may help you with.
Yeah, I'd like a taxi to take me from my hotel to the restaurant in time for my reservation. Please tell me the car type and contact number.|Taxi is booked. It's a black volkswagen, phone number 07609143114. Is that all for now?
yes, that's everything for me. Thanks for helping, goodbye|Thank you for using our services.
I'm looking for attractions in Cambridge that involve a boat.|Your best choice is the River Boat Georgina located at Jubilee House.
Is that in the Centre area?|No, although there are two others that are in the Centre. The Cambridge Punter is a great one. Would you like more information?
Yes please.  I could use the address with postcode as well as the entrance fee.|Ok, the address for the Cambridge Punter is 251a chesterton road and the postcode is cb41as.  Unfortunately I don't have information regarding the entrance fee.
Hmm... that bites, but I can deal. I'm going to head to a restaurant as well, can you find me one that's in the same area?|what is your price range?
I would like a moderately-priced Jamaican restaurant.|I am sorry but there are no Jamaican restaurants in Cambridge. What other cuisine would you like?
That's ok. Is there an international restaurant instead?|There are 2 international restaurants in the centre area, the varsity restaurant and bloomsbury restaurant. Would you like more information on one of them?
I like the sound of Varsity Restaurant. I'd like to book a table for 8 people on Saturday at 19:45.|You're all set for a table for 8 on Saturday at 19:45. They'll hold your table for 15 minutes. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Great, can I also have the reference number?|The reference number is LRV0IPXL.
Thank you. That's all I needed help with today. Have a great day.|You are welcome.  Enjoy your stay in Cambridge.  Bye.
I am looking for information about city stop restaurant?|I have pulled up City Stop Restaurant. What information do you need?
I would like to book a table there for 4 peole on saturday at 19:45. and can i please get a reference number?|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Reference number is : OMKMNJEM.
Alright, thank you very much. That's all I need for now.|You are welcome.  Goodbye.
Can you get me information on a restaurant called golden house?|Golden House is a cheap Chinese restaurant in the center of town. Their address is 12 Lensfield Road City Centre, cb21eg. Their phone number is 01842753771.
I'd like to book a table for 3 at 20:00 on Monday. I'll need a reference number, please.|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Reference number is : 4EYTD9X9. Do you need anything else?
Yes, I do. I would like to find some interesting places to go while we are in town. Perhaps, some sort of entertainment. Any suggestions?|There are no entertainment attractions in the centre. Can I try another type of attraction?
How about a college?|I have about 13 colleges in the centre of town. If I may, might I suggest Pembroke College. They have a quite unique campus. There is also free admission.
Great. What's the address for pembroke?|It's located on Trumpington Street, postcode CB2 1RF.  Would you like their phone number?
Give me the entrance fee instead please.|Pembroke College has a no entrance fee. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No, that will be it. You've been very helpful!|Have a great day!
Need restaurant thats expensive and in the east of town.|There are five expensive restaurants in the east. Do you have a type of food you prefer?
It really doesn't matter, as long is its insanely expensive located in the east part of town. I need the postcode & phone number when you find one please.|IS Yu Garden, a Chinese place fitted to your tatse?
That sounds fine I need their postcode and phone number.|The postcode is cb58pa and the phone number is 01223248882.
Ok. Thank you for the information.|Your welcome and enjoy your meal!
I'm also looking for a train on Thursday, to depart from Cambridge and arrive at Broxbourne by 18:15.|I have train TR6457 arriving at 18:01 and leaving at 17:01,is that good for you?
That sounds fine. I need tickets for 8, please.|All set. Your reference number is YG7KTN9A.
Thank you very much!|Is that everything that you will be needing today?
I believe so. Thank you for your help.|You are very welcome! Enjoy your day! Goodbye
I am in the center are of Cambridge, are there any Japanese restaurants in that part of town?|Yes. There is one Japanese restaurant in the centre. It is called Wagamama and is in the expensive price range. Would you like me to place a reservation?
Yes, if you could that would be great. Can I get their number please?|Phone number is 01223462354. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I need reservations for 8 people please.|What day and time would you like the reservation for?
I need a table for 8 at 14:30 on thursday.|Reference number is : KJBB2GXB. Anything else?
Yes, I am looking for places to go in the same area as the restaurant.  Possibly and entertainment type of venue.|Unfortunately, there aren't any entertainment venues in the centre.  Would you like me to search for a different type of venue or in a different area?
Yes, could you try the north please?|I'm sorry, there are none in the north. I have found a few in the east, south and west. Would any of those areas work for you?
okay are their any colleges around? I need a phone number, entrance fee and address of one that you would recommend please|My favorite college in the centre is Jesus College on Jesus Lane. It's very Jesus-y. Would you like their contact information?
phone number, entrance fee, and address.|The phone number is 01223339485.
Great, thanks so much! Can you please book me a taxi from the college to the restaurant that arrives by the time of my reservation?|Your taxi has been booked. It will be a grey Volkswagen and their contact number is 07598698020.
Have a nice day.|Thank you. You as well!
I am looking for a place to stay. The hotel should be in the cheap price range and should be in the east|There are no cheap hotels in the area but three cheap guesthouses.  Are those ok, or did you want me to run another search?
I think a 4 star guest house would be good.|autumn house	is located at 710 newmarket road. Want me to book it for you?
No, I don't need a booking, just the phone number please.|Certainly, the phone number is 01223575122. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Yes information regarding a particular restaurant called Michael House Cafe.|Michael House Cafe is located in the centre area and serves European food. Would you like to book a table?
no just the address if you have it|Yes the address is St. Michael's Church Trinity Street City Centre.
Great.  I would like you to book a taxi for me.  I want to leave the restaurant by 9:45 and head back to the hotel.|Your taxi has been booked. It will be a grey BMW and the contact number is 07956996955.
That is. Thanks for your help !|Thank you for calling. I hope you enjoy your stay in Cambridge. Please call again if we can assist you with anything else! Goodbye.
I would like to find something to do in the west.|We have some lovely college's in the area some are free some aren't
Can you give me some information about the free options?|churchill college, clare hall, and magdalene collegeare free. All are in the west area and is very nice.
can i get the phone number to churchill college|The phone number for Churchill College is 01223336233. Can I help you with anything else today?
I want to eat at an expensive European restaurant.|Sure, would you like that in the west part of the city also?
Yes, I would like it in the West as well.|Great I found the cambridge lodge restaurant for you! What would you like to do with it?
May I have the phone number please?|Sure. The phone number to the Cambridge Lodge Restaurant is 01223355166.
Did you book a table for me?|I have not booked it as of yet. Would you like me to book it for you?
No thanks. I just need the phone number please.|Sure! Their phone number is 01223355166. Can I help you with anything else?
Thank you, that will be all.|you are welcome. enjoy your stay.
I am looking for a moderately priced restaurant that serves indian food.|There are 4 restaurants to choose from. Do you have a part of town you prefer?
Yes, I'd like the restaurant to be in the centre.|I'm sorry, there are no restaurants that match all of your criteria. Would you like to look for a different type of cuisine, area, or price range?
How about a chinese restaurant in the centre?|Ok, I have 3 restaurants that meet your requests, would you like me to book one of them for you?
Yes, I need a table for 5 people on Tuesday at 12:30. Could I have the reference number as well for that?|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Your Reference number is Q9MQW1Q4.
I would also like a train on Wednesday, departing from Cambridge|I can help you with that! What is your destination, and what time are you traveling?
I want to go broxbourne and I'd like to arrive by 15:30.|I have TR5164 departing at 14:01 and arriving in Broxbourne at 15:01, the cost is 17.90 pounds. Would this work for you?
What is the travel time?|The travel time is 60 minutes.  Would you like to book a ticket?
Yes that would be great.|How many tickets would you like?
Actually, I think I'll hold off on that ticket, I don't need it booked but thanks. That's all I need today.|It was a pleasure working with you today. Contact us again if you need any more assistance. Have a great day.
I am looking for information on a restaurant called caffe uno|There is a caffe uno at 32 Bridge St., would you like me to make a reservation for you there?
Yes please. I need a reservation for 4 people, at 15:15, and I'd like that for Saturday,please.|Here is the booking information.Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Reference number is : 9ZL6WG4I.
I am also in need of a hotel, preferably a guesthouse that is in the north and has free parking and wifi.|The Acorn Guesthouse is a moderately priced, 4-star accommodation with internet and parking. Would that suit you?
Yes, please book me for 4 people 4 nights, starting saturday|I apologize but the hotel booking system appears to be down at the moment.  Can I help you with something else?
Please try for wednesday instead and see if that works|I'm sorry, I can't book anything right now.
Is there another guesthouse that you can try?|Booking was successful. Your Reference number is : 89C4TDSA.
Thank you, I need a taxi too back and forth between the two places. I need to get to the place to eat on time.|A blue volvo is booked. The contact number is 07059000529. Will that be all for you today?
Yes thank you. You have been so helpful and made this process easy.|Great, thanks for talking to us today!
I'm stuck up here in Kings Lynn and really need to get into Cambridge. Can you look up a train for me please?|I can absolutely help you, but let's get some more information so we can book your ticket. What day and time would you like to leave?
I would like to leave on Saturday after 17:00|I have 7 different trains. The first one after 17:00 is train TR1499. It leaves at 17:11 and arrives at 17:58. Would that work for you?
That works for me. What is the price for that?|7.84 pounds for each ticket. Would you like me to book the train?
No, I'm not ready to book yet.  Thanks though.  Can you recommend a latin American restaurant?|I'm sorry there are no latin american restaurant
Are there any in the centre in the cheap price range?|I have fifteen places to dine in the centre, in a cheap range. What type of food would you like?
What about one that serves Asian oriental food?|Dojo noodle bar and J restaurant both are available, which would you prefer?
Dojo noodle bar, can you book me a table for 7 at 20:30 on Saturday? And I will need the reference number as well please.|Good news, your booking was succesful.  Your reference number is K7LWVQ5A. Can I do anything else for you?
Yes can you please book the train for me as well?|Did you want the TR1499 booked that leaves on saturday at 17:11 and if so, for how many people?
Just the one ticket please.|Your seat is booked on TR1499 leaving Kings Lynn on Saturday at 18:11 for Cambridge, reference number is 0NGRLOZV. Is there anything more I can help with today?
That is everything I need, thank you.|Perfect. Enjoy your trip!
Thank you, that will be all!|No problem, enjoy the rest of your day.
I need to go out tonight - what's the hottest nightclub on the west side?|There are no nightclubs on the west side of town.
That sucks. How about museums in the west?|We have 7 different museums in the west part of town. Do you want me to give you a recommendation?
Yes, please. I would appreciate that.|I would suggest kettles yard.
Thanks, what is the postcode and entrance fee for kettles yard?|The postcode is cb30aq and it is free.
I also need to book a table at the royal spice restaurant.|I'd be happy to help, first I'll need more information. Please tell me the day, time and number in your party for your reservation.
It will be for one, Wednesday.|What time did you want to make the reservation for?
18 45 on weds|How many people?
It will just be me|Ok, booking was successful. Reference number is : SVJX0QE7. Can I help with anything else?
No that will be all. Thank you.|You are most welcome! Good bye.
Hello, I'm looking for attractions in the west, can you help me out?|There are 13 attractions in the west area of town. Is there a particular type of attraction you would prefer?
I don't have a preference.  Can you make a suggestion and provide the address?|Whale of a Time is a great entertainment venue. They are located at Unit 8, Viking Way, Bar Hill. Can I provide any additional information for them?
I'm also need a restaurant that serves indian food.|I have 22  that serve indian food. Is there an area or price range you prefer?
I'd like it to be an expensive place in the west, please.|I have 5 options here. I would like to suggest tandoori palace. Shall I go ahead with the booking?
Yes, there will be 8 of us on Thursday at 13:15.|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : XJX7H5WZ. Anything else I can assist you with?
Great, that's all I needed!|Thank you for contacting Cambridge TownInfo centre.  Have a great time!  Goodbye!
I am looking for a hotel named,"the lensfield hotel".|can I check availability for you?
Yes and I will need to know their postcode, if they have internet, and what type of hotel they are.|The Lensfield is an expensively-priced 3 star hotel on the south side of town. They provide free Internet and parking, and they're located at 53-57 Lensfield Road, postcode cb21en.
Thank, I also want to dine at a restaurant in the same area with an expensive price range.|What kind of food?
i want some italian food.|Frankie and Bennys has some really yummy food. Would you like me to make a reservation for you there?
Yes, please. I need a table for 8 people on Monday night. Are there any available?|There are tables available for 8 on Monday night. What time would you like the reservation?
I would like the reservation at 17:30.|Your reservation was successful.  It will be available for 15 minutes.  Your reference number is LOSDRFUO.
Great! Thank you! I think that is all that I need today.|You're very welcome! Have a great day!
I am looking for a Saturday train departing from Cambridge.|I have several trains that will suit you. What is your destination and what time could you like to leave?
Norwich is my destination and I want to leave after 13:00.|TR8933 will be departing cambridge at 13:36 and arriving in norwich at 14:55. Would you like to book this?
Please book for 8 people.|Alright the book was successful, the total fee is going to be 112.64 GBP payable at the station and the reference number is 28O28GIJ.
Thanks! I'm also wondering if there are any moderately priced polynesian restaurants around.|I was unable to find any moderately priced Polynesian restaurants.
How then about Spanish or a pub that serves tapas?|La Tasca is a centrally located, moderately priced, Spanish restaurant.  Would you like to make a reservation?
Yes please make that reservation for me|I will need some more information before making a reservation.  What day would you like it on and for how many people?
I need it for 8 people at 10:30 on saturday|Booking was successful for a table at la tasca. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes, reference number is : 3TR0F2B1. Can I help with anything else?
No, I don't need anything else|Have a great day!
I'm looking for a hotel in the north.|We have two options in North available for you, do you have any additional criteria to choose between those or would you like a reccomendation?
I do want it to be a 4-star place.|It looks like there aren't any 4 star hotels in the north.  Would you like me to check another area?
No, I like the North.  Perhaps there is a guesthouse that is 4 stars?|There are several options for guesthouses in the north with 4 stars, would you prefer moderate or cheap price range?
I would prefer the cheap price range.|Would you like to book worth house?
What is the price of the Worth House?|Sorry, I don't have that information. There phone number is 01223316074.
can you book a room for tuesday, 5 nights, 5 people.|Sure, your booking for the Worth House for a 5 night stay has been confirmed. Your reference number is GWIK59YW. May I help with anything else?
Can you help me find a restaurant as well?|I search for restaurants in the north, there are 9 options, any preferences?
The restaurant should be in the same area as the hotel and should be in the expensive price|I have many in those categories. How about trying Saigon City?
Thank you. I just need their phone number and postcode.|The phone number for Saigon City is  	01223356555. The post code is cb41nl. Can I help you with anyone else?
I also need a taxi to commute between the hotel and restaurant.|When would you like to leave?
I would like to leave the hotel by 8:30.|I booked you a yellow lexus and you can reach the driver at 07465015812. Would that be all today?
Thank you for the booking of the taxi.  That will be all foe now.|Thank you for using Cambridge TownInfo centre. Have a great day.
Yes, I am looking for a theatre in the town.|There are several theatres located in the city centre. Is that the correct area?
Any area is fine, can you give me the address and postcode of the closest theater to centre?|Sure, adc theatre's postcode is cb58as and the address is park street.
Great! Do you have a good chinese restaurant in centre that I could go to.|I have 10 chinese restaurants ranging from cheap to expensive. Is there any limits on what you would like?
I'd like a cheap Chinese restaurant, please.|Okay, I have three options that meet your needs. Charlie Chan, Rice House, and Golden House. Would you like me to make a reservation for one of those?
Make a reservation for Charlie Chan. Book a table for 2 people at 17:15 for Monday.|I have made a reservation at Charlie Chan for 2 people on Monday at 17:15.  The reservation reference is 9ygetj1.  The table will be held for 15 minutes.
Thanks, that's all I need. Have a nice day.|Thank you!
Where is this saffron brasserie located?|it's located in the centre.
Great I would like to book a table.|Ok, I can handle that for you. How many people will dining with you?
Well...I don't have any friends... I'll be going in on Thursday at 12:30.|Okay, I was able to book a table for you. Reference number is : 1793CE4C. Can I help with anything else?
Thank you! I also need a guesthouse to stay in in the east. It doesn't have to have free parking, but I would like a 4 star place.|There are several guest houses with 4 stars in the east. They are in the cheap and moderate price ranges. Do you have a preference?
No preference. Could you pick one for me?|Sure, I recommend Autumn House.  It is on 710 Newmarket Road and is very popular.
Could you book it for the same group of people and 2 nights starting from the same day.|Autumn House is booked for you. 1 person staying 2 nights starting on Thursday. Your Reference number is : 8YGNKA7F. Can I assist you with anything else?
Could you please also find a taxi to commute between the hotel and restaurant.|What time frame would you like it to be in?
I would to book a taxi that will arrive at the restaurant by 12:30.|Okay. Your booking is completed. The car type is red Honda. The contact number is 07940318761.
Thank you very much!|Is there anything else I can help you with?
No that's all! Thanks for the help.|You are very welcome, enjoy.
I'm sure I will. Thank you.|You're welcome, have a great day!
I want to leave on staurday to go to kings lynn|What time did you want to travel?
I would like to leave Cambridge to arrive in Kings Lynn by 18:15.|Okay, the TR2840 leaves at 17:11 and arrives by 17:58. Would you like me to book this for you?
Yes that sounds great. I need to book one for 4 people.|The total came 31.36 GBP payable at the station.  Your reference number is CKK48SQO.  Anything else?
Can you help me find a restaurant that is moderately priced?|Sure, you have a cuisine I'd like to eat, or area of town you want to dine in?
I'd love some Scandinavian food?|I'm sorry, but there are no scandanavian restaurants that are moderately priced. Would you like to change your price range or the type of food?
What about Turkish food?|yes! there is anatolia or efes restaurant.
Could I get the contact info for that?|efes restaurant is at King Street city centre, postcode is cb11ln and the phone is 01223500005, can I help with anything else?
Yes, let's book a table for four there at 13:00 on the same Saturday.|I have you booked. Reference number is : U8RPPC0C.
Thank you that is all I need today.|You're welcome!  Thanks for contacting Cambridge TownInfo centre.  Have a great day!
I'm looking for a place to dine. The restaurant should be in the expensive price range and should be in the centre.|Do you have a preference on the type of food?
Yes.  I would like Greek food please.|I'm sorry there's no matches for greek food.
Okay, can you search for british food instead then?|There are 3 restaurants that meet that criteria. May I suggest fitzbillies restaurant?
That sounds great. Could you book a table for 2 people at 15:45 on saturday.|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.  Reference number is : BSMDJMXH.  Can I be of further assistance?
Thank you that's all I need today.|Okay, great. I'm glad I could help. Have a great day. Goodbye.
I was looking for a chinese place in Cambridge.|We have several Chinese restaurants in the city center, is that where you were looking to eat?
Yes, the city centre was where I was planning to go.|Jingling Noodle Bar is my favorite!  It is moderately priced and in the Centre.  Would you like to book a table?
That would be fine I need the phone number, postcode and address please.|The address is 11 Peas Hill City Centre cb23pp.  The phone number is 01223566188.
Thanks! I also need a train after 14:45 on Saturday.|Ok, and where will you be traveling to?
Kings Lynn to Cambridge.|TR1031 leaves at 15:11. Does that work for you?
Yes that works please book for 5 people.|You are set, reference number is 5S55128O, any other questions
No thanks. You were very helpful. Until next time. Goodbye.|You're welcome. Goodbye.
I want something in the north that serves moroccan food .|there is no moroccan restaurant in the north. Do you want to try something else ?
Yes. Is there a french restaurant in the north part of town?|Restaurant Two Two serves French food, and is located in the north part of town.
What is their phone number?|Restaurant Two Two's phone number is 01223 351880. Is there anything else I can do for you?
that's all, thanks!|Goodbye.
I am looking for a Spanish restaurant in the west side of town|I'm sorry, but there are no restaurants matching your request.
How about a restaurant that serves British food?|We have three excellent options here. Do you prefer a moderate pricerange or expensive?
A moderate price range, please.|I found saint johns chop house.  Would you like me to book a table for you?
No, I just need an address with postcode and phone number.|The address is 21-24 Northampton Street, postcode: cb30ad and the phone number is 01223353110. Is there anything else I can do for you?
No, you have been a great help. Thank you.|Thank you, goodbye
I'm looking to visit a museum in Cambridge. Can you tell me a little about what you have?|There are 23 museums that match that criteria. What area should the museum be in?
I don't have a preference. Can you recommend one?|Cambridge Artworks is a great place and has free entry. Their address and phone number is 5 Greens Road 01223902168.
Sounds great, thanks. I am also looking for a restaurant in the Centre that serves gastropub food.|Okay, there are 3 different restaurants. What is your price range?
It really doesn't matter money is no object. I need a table for 8 on thursday at 14:45. As long as its a gastropub in the centre of town|I will make a booking for backstreet bistro,Booking complete here is your reference number T9TB8FBO.
awesome! thanks for all the info|Sure.  Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
I would also like to book a taxi to get between the museum and the restaurant.|I can work on booking this for you.
I need to arrive at the restaurant by 14:45. I'll need the contact number and car type as well please.|Okay I have booked your taxi. The contact number is 07498867892 and the car is a blue tesla.
Thank you that's all the help I need. Goodbye|Thanks for using our service today!
I am looking for a guesthouse in cambridge with free wifi.|What price range are you looking for?
Expensive and in the north please.|My system is not pulling up any guesthouses in the north with free wifi and expensive in price. Would you like to adjust your criteria?
Can you check to see if there is a similar hotel in the moderate price range please?|I have several moderately priced guesthouses.  Do you have a star preference?
Not particularly, but the nicer the better, of course. I'm coming in saturday and staying 5 nights. Can you book it for me? There's 4 in my party.|The booking was successful. Would you like the reference number?
Yes, I would like the reference number please.|The reference number is GF89WKAB, can I assist with anything else?
I also need a place to eat that serves british food and should be in the same price range as the hotel.|which side of town do you prefer?
Doesn't matter to me, what do you recommend?|I recommend travellers rest on the west side of town, would you like me to make reservations for you?
Sure. Can you book a reservation for the same group of people on the same day at 17:15? And give me the reference number please.|Your reservation is booked, and the reference number is I2WJ41ZB. Is there anything else I can do for you?
I'm going to need a taxi as well.|I need to know which two locations you are going between and your time of travel please.
I need the taxi to get us from the hotel to the restaurant before the booked time please.|I need the time of travel, name of departure, name of arrival destination please.
Well it's going to be from our hotel to Travelers Rest restaurant by 5:15.|How many people will be in the taxi?
Four people will be riding in the taxi.|A white honda will pick you up at Acorn Guest House and take you to Traveller's Rest so that you arrive by 05:15. The driver's phone number is 	07854671215
Thank you for your help, that is all.|You're welcome. Thank you for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Have a great day.
I'm looking for an expensive restaurant in the Centre.|There are 33 expensive restaurants in the centre of town. Do you have a food preference?
I would really love to find an expensive Polish restaurant.|I'm sorry but there are no expensive Polish restaurants in the centre. Would you like a different type of cuisine or price range?
How about Chinese food?|We have Ugly Duckling, Tang Chinese, HK Fusion, and Sesame Restaurant and Bar. Would you like to book one of those?
Can I have the phone number for the Ugly Duckling restaurant?|There is no phone number for Ugly Duckling.
Okay let's try the Tang Chinese. Is there a phone number for them?|The phone number for Tang Chinese is 01223357187.
I'm also looking for somewhere to go. I'd like to do something entertaining near the restaurant. Are there any museums in the area?|There are a few options. How about primavera, castle galleries, cambridge contemporary art or broughton house gallery. Would you like additional information on either of these?
I'd be interested in the contemporary art.  Do you know how much it costs to get in?|Cambridge contemporary art has free entrance. It is located at 6 trinity street. Do you need any more information?
That's not needed. I am  looking for a taxi to go between the two places, though.|What time would you like to go between the two locations?
Oh, wait. I'm so sorry. Before we book a taxi, can you provide me with the phone number to the art museum?|The phone number is 01223324222
I want to leave the museum by 4:15.|Wonderful. I was able to schedule that taxi for you. You will be riding in a grey Ford. If you have any questions for them, you can reach them at 07508824111.
Thanks so much for all your help.|You're welcome. Can I help you with anything else today?
No, that's everything. I'm sure my trip will be fantastic. Thank you for all the help. Have a good day!|Okay thank you for calling.
Hello, what expensive restaurants do you know of in the East part of town?|I have 5, 2 Indian, a Chinese, a British, and a gastropub. Any of them tickle your fancy?
Can you tell me about the indian places? Are any of them expensive?|Sitar Tandoori is my favorite. They are indeed expensive. Would you like to book a table there?
What is their phone number?|Their phone number is 01223249955. Would you like to make a reservation? Or can I help with anything else?
I need to find an attraction.|There are several attractions in the east part of town. Are you interested in a specific type, such as a museum or outdoors?
It is  called cambridge book and print gallery.|Cambridge book and print gallery is in the west, not the east. Are you sure that was the name of the attraction?
Yes, I just need the entrance fee and phone number|Good news, the entrance fee is free!  And the phone number is 01223694264.  Can I help you with anything else today?
No, that's it.  Thank you for your assistance today, you have been very helpful!|Have a great night. I'm glad to be of assistance!
I am looking for a restaurnt in the west end that isn't too high priced.|saint johns chop house ?
Where is saint johns chop house?|it is at 21 - 24 Northampton Street
Is this in the west part of town and can I get the phone number?|Saint johns chop house is in west part of town. The phone number is 01223 353110.
What type of food do they serve? And to clarify, this is moderately priced, correct?|Saint Johns Chop House is a British restaurant in the west which is moderately priced.
Thank you goodbye.|You're welcome, goodbye.
I am looking for a train from Stevanage to Cambridge.|I have several options. They all leave on Friday; do you have a preferred departure time?
Eww, Friday won't really work for me. Do you have anything on Thursday?|There are 10 trains traveling on Thursday. The first train leaves at 05:54. Do you want to book this train or do you want a later departure time?
That train sounds good, can you book it for 4 people?|Booked! Your reference number is: 4T6UFRYC. Can I help with anything else?
Yeah, what can you tell me about a restaurant called Meghna?|it is a moderate restaurant in the west. can i book for you?
Yes, please. I'd like a reservation for 4 on Thursday at 20:30.|I booked it for you. The reference number is TCBE0PUQ.
Thank you, goodbye|Enjoy the rest of your day!
Hi, I need a moderate price range restaurant in the centre of town.|There are 21 restaurants that are moderately priced in the centre of town. Do you have a food preference?
British or European would be fine. May I book a table for 2 at 16:00 on a Wednesday and get a reference number please?|The oak bistro is a British restaurant in the centre area, in the moderate price range. Would you like to book this restaurant?
Yes. The booking should be for 2 on wednesday at 16:00. Could I also get a reference number?|Alright, you're all booked! Your reference number is YWEKSO7H. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I'm also looking for a place to visit within the same area as the restaurant. Do you have any recommendations?|We have parks, boats, museums, and many other interesting things to do. What strikes your fancy?
An art museum near the restaurant sounds nice.  How much is the admission price?|The Cambridge Contemporary Art Museum is fantastic, and it's free. Would you like more information?
I will need a taxi to take me from the museum to the restaurant. Obviously it needs to get me there before my reservation.|sure! expect a grey toyota and call 07319086162 to contact your taxi
thank you, that is all I need.|You are welcome, please enjoy your time in Cambridge and if there's anything else we can assist you with let us know!
Hello, I'd like some information on a train departing from Cambridge on sunday that leaves after 18:15.|There are 59 trains leaving Cambridge on Sunday after 18:15. What is your destination?
I'm trying to get to london kings cross.|What time are you looking to arrive?
I don't have an arrival preference but I want to leave after 18:15.|I have train TR9039 leaving at 19:00 and arriving at 19:51. Would you like to book that?
Yes, please reserve 3 seats for us on that train, thanks.|Your booking was successful, the total fee is 56.64 GBP payable at the station .
Reference number is : T7JV2Z8H. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
I would like to dine at an expensive restaurant.|I have several expensive restaurants available. What type of food would you like?
I would like Indian food please.|Is there a certain area of town you would prefer to dine at?
Yes, I would like the east area please.|There are 2 Indian restaurants in that area. I would recommend the sitar tandoori. Would you like me to book a table for you?
Yes go ahead an book it. Could I get the reference number please?|When would you like to dine, and how many will be in your party?
There will be three of us dining on Sunday at 12:15.|Your reservation for a table of 3 at sitar tandoori this sunday at 12:15 was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Your Reference number is : 99050JJK.
Thank you for your help. thats all i need today.|You're very welcome! Have a great time! Bye!
I'd like a place that serves world food in the east part of town.|Sorry but no world food restaurants in the east is found. can i provide you something else.
How about Indian food?|Your options are Curry Prince, Pipasha Restaurant, Rajmahal, and Sitar Tandoori. Which one would you like more information regarding?
I would like the address and phone number of Curry Prince.|The curry prince is located at 451 Newmarket Road Fen Ditton and their phone number is 01223 566388.  Can I help you with anything else today?
No, thank you goobye.|thank you, goodbye
Can you recommend a hotel in the north part of town?|I would recommend Ashley Hotel at 74 Chesterton Road.
Does that hotel have a 3 star rating and free wifi?|No, I am afraid I have none with a 3 star rating in that area. Would you like to try another area or stars?
Any area is fine as long as it is a 3 star hotel with free wifi.|Ok.  There is the gonville hotel in the centre and the lensfield hotel in the south.  Are you interested in booking one of them?
No 3 star places to stay in the North? It doesn't have to be a hotel but maybe a guesthouse?|I have one..The Hamilton lodge. Would you like me to make a reservation?
No, I just need the price range and the phone number|The price range is moderate. The phone number is 01223365664. Would you like any other information?
Are there any French restaurants in the same area as the Hamilton Lodge?|Yes, I actually do have one. It is Restaurant Two Two. They are expensive and located on 22 Chesterton Road, Chesterton. Their phone number is 01223351880. Would you need reservations?
Could you please give me the postcode for Restaurant Two Two?|postal code is CB43AX
Hello, I'm looking for an Expensive Indian restaurant. What can you recommend?|I found 14 expensive Indian restaurants. What location do you prefer?
Are there any in the centre location?|Panahar looks like a good choice. It's on Norfolk Street in the city centre.
That sounds great. Could you book me a table for Thursday for 2 people at 11:00?|Seems like I cannot make this reservation and should find another restaurant. Thank you
Um ok? well can you find a different restaurant in the same area and pricerange.|I was able to make you a reservation at Saffron Brasserie on Hills Road in City Centre for 2 people at 11:00 on Thursday. Your reference number is 9VCXTCZZ.
Thank you so much. Have a nice day!|You too. Thank you.
Need a place to eat, panasian food, pricey!|I'm sorry, there doesn't seem to be any Panasian restaurants that fall into that price range. Would you like to look for a different type of food?
Thai food would be just as good.|I have 2 places, would you like the one in the west or centre of town?
Could I have the postcode, and address of both of them please?|Sala Thong is at 35 Newnham Road, Newnham, cb39ey and Bangkok City is at 24 Green Street City, Centre, cb23jx.
Thanks. I need a place to stay also. I would like a guesthouse with free wifi. Can you help me find one?|I show 23 guesthouses available with free wifi.  Which area of town would you like to stay?
I would like to stay on the east side, please.|There are 6 guest houses in the east that offer free wifi. Can I recommend the Autumn House?
Hmm, I've never been there. Let's try that. Can you book me a room for Saturday for 5 guests, 2 nights please?|No problem! Booking was successful. Your Reference number is : MJ95SPPP.
I'd like to book a taxi to take me from the hotel to the restaurant.|Which restaurant will you be going to and what time would you like to arrive?
Thank you, I would like to commute from the hotel to Sala Thong, and I want to leave by 06:15.|Ok, I have booked a taxi for you.  Its going to be a blue Audi & the contact number is 07493726924.
Great, you've been awesome. Bye.|Have a great day and a great trip! Goodbye.
I'm looking for a train leaving Cambridge. I need to arrive at 15:30.|There is a train leaving Friday at 13:59 that will get you to London Liverpool street at 15:27.  Will this work for you?
No, I need one that leaves on Sunday.|If you'd like to go to London King's Cross, there are 104 trains that match your specifications. What time would you like to leave at?
I would like to go to London Liverpool Street for 8 people.|Great, your reference number for the 8 tickets is: U9G8K0GF. Anything else I can help you with today?
I am looking for a place to dine that serves vietnamese food in the west.|I found Thanh Binh they serve Vietnamese food in the west part of town.
I need a cheap place to eat, does that restaurant fit that criteria?|Yes, Thanh Binh is a cheap place to eat. Would you like me to book a reservation?
Yes, please. I need a table for 8 at 11:30 on Sunday. And may I please have the reference number?|OK, your reservation is booked, your reference number is RQ5HR7PY.
Great thank you for your help that will be all|It's been a pleasure, thank you.  Enjoy your visit!
I need a train to Peterborough on Monday.|The earliest train is at 5:06, do you want me to book it?
Does it arrive by 16:00?|Yes, it arrives at 05:56.
Are there any later trains? Also I need to get the price, departure time, and train ID when we find a suitable one.|Yes I have trains that arrive from 5:56 to 15:24. Any preference?
What is the train ID and response of the train that arrives at 15:24? I would like to book that one.|Train TR4765 leaves at 15:06 and arrives at 15:56 and costs 16.50 pounds. How many tickets would you like to book?
I need a train that departs from Cambridge. Does TR4765 go from Cambridge to Peterborough?|Yes TR4765 departs cambridge monday at 15:06, arriving in peterborough by 15:56.  How many tickets will you need?
I was just looking for information for now. I do need some additional information on a place to eat though.|There are 110 restaurants in the area - are you looking for a specific type of cuisine?
I am thinking Indian food would be perfect and in the centre.|There are 22 Indian restaurants in Cambridge. Do you have a preferred price range or area in town you'd like to dine?
I do not have a specific price or location in mind.  Please just send me the address and phone number of an Indian restaurant.|Okay I have chosen the Curry Prince for you, which is a very popular location. Their address is 	451 Newmarket Road Fen Ditton and their telephone number is 01223566388.
Thank you. That is all I needed.|You are welcome.  Goodbye.
I am looking for a train that is arriving by 13:00 and leaving on Monday.|I can help you narrow your search if you give me your departure site and your destination?
Yes, I want to leave from Cambridge and I'm going to Broxbourne.|How about the TR1213? It matches your specifications and leaves at 9:01. I can book this train if you'd like.
How much does a seat for the TR1213 on Monday cost?|17.90 pounds is good enough. I'll go with that.
Thank you. I also need recommendations for an expensive restaurant in the east part of town.|There are several options with the criteria you provided. Do you have a preference on the type of food?
No, please pick one for me and provide the phone number and address.|The royal standard is a gastropub. It's located at 290 Mill Road City Centre, phone 01223247877.  Would you like to make a reservation?
Yes, that sounds great.|how many people will be in your party?
4 people are in my party.|I'll also need a day and time for the reservation.
If you could book a reservation for Tuesday at 06:30 pm that would be most appreciated.|Ok, I have booked your reservation at royal standard. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, that will be all today. Thank you.|Thank you for calling.
Thank you very much for helping me get my reservations in order.|Have I answered all your questions today?
Can you tell what kind of food the restaurant serves and their address and phone number.|The Royal Standard serves gastropub type food. Their address is 290 Mill Road City Centre and their phone is 01223247877.
Thank you.|You are quite welcome.  Enjoy your meal and please let me know if you need assistance with reservations during your visit.
Hello! Can you please give me information about Dojo Noodle Bar?|Dojo noodle bar is a asian oriental restaurant located in the centre of town at 40210 Millers Yard City Centre.  The phone number is 01223363471. Anything else?
Can you tell me what the price range is for this restaurant? I will also need a table for 2 at 15:15 on Saturday.|Yes sure it is in the cheap price range and the booking number is 9GGR7AJ5.
thank you for assisting.|You're welcome! Can I help you with anything else?
Yes, I'm also looking for a recommendation on hotels in the north that have free parking.|There are two hotels in the north that meet your needs, both in the moderate price range. Lovell Lodge has gorgeous grounds this time of year. Would you like a reservation?
Lovell Lodge sounds good. I don't need a reservation.|NO worries, can I provide any other information on help with anything else?
Just a reference number|There won't be a reference number unless we book the hotel. Would you like me to book it?
Yes I would. For 2 nights, same group of people and same day.|Unfortunately I am unable to book that right now. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Can you try it for 1 night instead and see if that works? and then give reference number|It appears that our booking system is down. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Could you check your system again? I really need a hotel.|It was successful this time! Here is your reference number, 8DS9PG53.
Thats all i need for now. Thanks!|You're welcome and enjoy your stay.
Hi, can you give me information on trains? I need to leave from London Liverpool Street on Sunday, heading to Cambridge.|Yes, there are several leaving every 2 hours.  The ride is 88 minutes long.  Can I reserve a seat for you?
Can you reserve a seat for me on a train that arrives at Cambridge by 20:30?|I have one arriving at 19:07 would that be okay?
Yes. What is the price and train ID of that one?|The trainID is TR8260 and the price is 13.28 pounds. You said you wanted one seat reserved for this train?
Yes please. I am also looking for a restaurant in the west side of the city. I would like it to be an expensive restaurant.|I have several places, which type of food do you prefer?
I don't have a preference, but I'd like to book the same day for 2 people at 13:15. I also need the reference number.|What date would you like the reservation for?
On Sunday as well. May I also have the reference number please?|I reserved you a table at Graffiti. It's a great british restaurant in the west. Your reference number is SSXX4DVL. Is there anything else I can help with?
No thank you.  Appreciate your help.|It was my pleasure. Have a wonderful evening. Goodbye.
I am  looking for information in Cambridge.  looking for a restaurant.|Sure, what kind of restaurant?
It doesn't matter but it should be expensive and it should be in the centre.|Do you have any cuisine preferences?
Yes, we would like American type food.|We actually have different categories of american food -- latin american, modern american, north american, and "the americas." Which of these would you prefer?
How about latin america?|I'm sorry. I have no results that meet your criteria. Would you like to try a different food type, price range, or area?
How about North American cuisine instead?|Gourmet Burger Kitchen is expensive and in the center.  Would you like to book a table?
Yes please, for Thursday, 7 people at 16:45. I also need a reference number.|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : 2FX5XCUM. is there anything else i could help you with?
I also need a train. Going to Ely Friday.|Okay and what time would you like to arrive?
I'd like to depart Cambridge after 21:30.|The train TR9842 is leaving Cambridge on Friday at 21:50.  The cost is only 4.40 pounds and the travel time is 17 minutes.  Would you like me to book?
Yes please book that for me.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 4.4 GBP payable at the station .Reference number is : ZC86HRQ4. is there anthing else i can do?
That is all I will need. Thank you.|excellent, have a great day!
I would like a restaurant that serves brazilian food|There are no restaurants matching that description. Would you like a different type of food?
Korean might work. Are there any of those?|Little Seoul serves Korean food. It's an expensive restaurant that is located in the city centre.
May I have the telephone number?|The number is 01223 308681. Can I help you with anything else?
Thank you goodbye.|thank you good bye
I am looking for a restaurant in the expensive price range.|I have several options for you. Do you prefer a specific type of food, or location?
I would like something in the center of town, please.|There are many restaurants that match your needs. Do you have any food preferences?
No preference, just need the address and phone number of the restaurant. Also I am needing a train from Cambridge, nee to leave after 12:15.|There are 110 different options. Might I suggest Kymmoy? The address is 52 Mill Road City Centre. The phone number is 01223311911.
That sounds good, thanks. I also need to get from cambridge to kings lynn on saturday. I can leave anytime after 12:15.|I found 11trains, would a 13:11 departure work for you?
Yes, that would definitely work for me.  Thanks.|Would you like me to book that train for you?
Yes please, can I get the reference number for 4 people|Sure thing it's booked, reference is 7QF5EFOW. Is there anything else you need help with today?
No, that's all I need today. Thanks for your help!|Thank you for using our services. Enjoy your trip.
I'd like to find a Chinese restaurant in the center of town.|There are several. Did you have a price range in mind?
Yes, moderately priced, please.|There are 3 chinese restaurants, I recommend the jinling noodle bar. Would you like me to book it for you?
No, not right now but can you provide me with an address and postcode for whichever of those restaurants you would recommend?|the restaurant jinling noodle bar the address is 11 Peas Hill City Centre and postal code is cb23pp
Thank you . I also am looking for places to go in town. Can you help me?|There are 44 great places to visit if you would like to stay near the centre of town. Would you like a museum, architecture, college or just any suggestion?
I would like to visit a nice museum.  Please give me the address, entrance fee and phone number.|How about the castle galleries?  They are located at unit su43, grande arcade, saint andrews street.  Phone number is 01223307402.  Admission is free.
That sounds great, thanks! That's all I need today.|Yeah, no problem happy to help.
Hello! I'm looking for a train that will leave on Tuesday and arrive by 18:45, can you help me?|I can definitely assist you, where will you be leaving from and arriving to?
I will be departing cambridge and going to arriving at birmingham new street.|The TR3225 leaves at 5:01 and gets to Birmingham at 7:44.  It costs 75.10 pounds.  Can I reserve some tickets for you?
Yes can you book that for 5 people and get me the reference number?|Sure, I have booked it for 5 and the reference number is UGPE47OI.
Thanks. I'm also looking for an expensive italian restaurant.|I have 4 options in the centre and 1 in the south, which would you like more information on?
I would like more information about the one in the south please.|It is frankie and bennys, the are in the expensive range.  the address is Cambridge Leisure Park Clifton Way Cherry Hinton and they can be reached at 01223412430
Could I have the reference number,|If you give me your preferred dining time and the number of people in your party, I can go ahead and try to make a reservation.
My preferred dining time is 15:15, for a party of 5.|What day are you wanting the reservation?
Tuesday same day as the booked train.|I'm sorry but the booking was unsuccessful. Would you like to book a different time slot?
Yes, could you try and secure a 14:15 reservation perhaps?|Good news.  I was able to book a table for 5 at 14:15.  Are you ready for the reference number?
I am, thank you.|The reference number for your reservation at Frankie and Benny's is PEFYUPYB. They'll hold the table for 15 minutes. Do you need help with anything else?
Thank you so much. You have been very helpful.|Thank you very much
I would like a barbeque restaurant.|Where would you like to search for a restaurant, and what price range would you prefer?
I do not care about the price range or location.|There are no restaurants serving barbeque.
Do you have an address, phone number and postcode for a North American food restaurant?|The Gourmet Burger Kitchen is at Regent Street City Centre, post code C.B 2, 1 A.B. The phone number is 01223 312598.
Thank you good bye.|Thank you.
I would like an expensive guesthouse, please.|I'm not showing any expensive guesthouses.  Would you like me to search for guesthouses that are moderately priced?
Are there any expensive guesthouses in the centre with free parking?|No, I am afraid I am not showing any expensive guesthouse in the centre? Would you like to change your search?
How about cheap with the same criteria?|Yes, there are two. Alexander bed and breakfast and el shaddai. Would you like me to book one of those for you?
yeah, let's do el shaddai.|Would you like me to reserve a table for you?
I need a table for 2 people.|i can book el shaddai for you. how many nights will you be staying?
Ok I will book it for you|What day would you like this reservation made for?
Please book the el shaddai for sunday, 2 nights, 2 people.|I have booked the hotel for you. The reference number is FMTZQOT2. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Thank you. I will also need a taxi to go between the two places.|How many people in the taxi?
There will be 2 people.|Where would you like the taxi to pick you up?
I would like to be picked up at my hotel and I need to be taken to the restaurant by 16:30.|Ok great. A restaurant has not been discussed yet. Would you like to book a table?
At the el shaddai.|I am not seeing that restaurant listed, is there a different one you might like to book?
I need a table for the same group of people and the same day.|There are 110 restaurants in the city. Are you looking for a particular area or cuisine type?
Yes, I am looking for Indian in the centre.|Can you book it for me and get a reference number ?
Are there cheap places to eat in the centre part of town?|There are several in that price range at the centre. What type of food would you like?
Good I like chinese food please.|Charlie Chan looks great. Need a reservation?
Yes, I need a reservation for 7 people on Friday at 17:45.  Could I get the reservation number?|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Reference number is : VX834JA0.
Perfect. Thank you for all of your help. Have a good day.|You are most welcome. Thanks for contacting TownInfo centre. Goodbye.
We would like to eat some Japanese food while we are visiting.|There is one Japanese Restaurant in town.  Wagamama at 36 Saint Andrews Street in the centre.  Would you like to make a reservation?
If the price range is moderate then yes but if it is expensive I would like to look instead for Chinese restaurants.|It looks like the Japanese place is expensive.  The jinling noodle bar is a moderately price chinese place. Would like me to book a table there?
I'm not ready for a reservation, but it would be helpful if you could give me the area, postcode, and phone number for Jinling Noodle Bar.|It is located in the centre area at 11 Peas Hill City Centre.  The phone number is 01223566188
Can I get their postcode please?|Yes, postcode cb23pp.  Can I be of further assistance today?
I could use some help finding a train to get me to Leicester on Monday.|Do you have a time you want to leave or arrive by?
I want it to arrive by 18:00|TR5465 arrives at 17:06. can i book that one?
Just to confirm TR5465 departs Cambridge and arrives in Leicester at 17:06? What time does the train depart?|Train TR5465 departs at 15:21.  Is there anything else you need to know?
thats all for today. thanks alot for helping|Thanks for contacting us, have a great day!
You are planning your trip in Cambridge.
You are looking for a place to dine. The restaurant should be in the centre and should be in the moderate price range|Okay how about Yippee Noodle Bar? If you'd like I can book a table for you.
I would like to have British food. Does Yippee Noodle Bar offer British food?|No, Yippee Noodle Bar does not serve British food. However, there are four British restaurants in the area I could refer you to.
Yes, please recommend one.|The Oak Bistro is my favorite. Do you need their information or can I reserve a table for you?
Please reserve it for 2 people at 15:30 on thursday and give me the reference number.|Great. I have booked your table. The reference number is LU8KXXPR.
Thank you! I'm also looking for a place to stay, ideally a 0 star in centre as well that includes free wifi. Can you help me with that?|El Shaddai is a guesthouse that meets your needs, and Cityroomz is a hotel. Would you like to book a room at one of those?
Either would be fine, I guess whichever has available rooms for 2 on Thursday and we will be staying for 3 nights.|Your room is booked for 3 nights at El Shaddai, reference number is XBYOBYV7.  Can I help you with anything else today?
Yes I will need a taxi to drive between the hotel and restaurant. Can you help me with that as well?|Yes, I can assist you with that. What time would you like to leave to the restaurant?
I just needed to arrive at the restaurant by 15 :30|Alright, I have your taxi booked for you. It will get you to the bistro by 15:30. Your car will be a red Volkswagen. Do you need anything else?
Just the contact number for the taxi, please.|The contact number is 07413487681. Enjoy your stay in Cambridge!
I need help finding a place that serves spanish food and is located in the centre, can you help me?|La Tasca and La Raza serve Spanish food in the centre of town.  What price range would you prefer.
Price range isn't an issue. Can you book me at the one with the most stars please on Monday at 20:00 for 4 people please.|I've booked La Raza for Monday at 20:00, for four people.  Your reference number is LD696IB9. The reservation lasts 15 minutes.
Thank you, that is everything that I need.|Enjoy the rest of your day.
Hi, I am looking for information on train schedules going to Cambridge.|Do you have a particular itinerary in mind?
Yes, I was looking to leave Bishops Stortford on Monday sometime after 16:45.|The first train after 16:45 is the TR8925, departing Bishops Stortford at 17:29. Would you like to book one or more tickets for this train?
Yes, I would.  May I please get the arrival time?|There are several. One arrives at 18:07 will this work?
I am also interested in a place to dine that is moderately priced.|I have many moderately prices options. Is there a type of food you'd like?
British food sounds good. Somewhere in the centre.|I recommend Cotto, located at 183 East Road City Centre. Would you like a table there?
Yes please. I just need it for myself at 20:30 that same day.|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. your reference number is G44NSDGJ. anything else you need help with?
thanks for your help. that is all i wanted|You are welcome. Did you want me to book your train tickets? That was left up in the air.
That is all.|Thank you for calling.  If you need any further assistance please don't hesitate to call back.  Good Bye!
Do you know where I can find the Peking Restaurant?|The Peking Restaurant is located at 10 Homerton Street in Centre.
What is the price range?|The Peking Restaurant is an expensive restaurant.  Were you interested or did you want to keep looking?
What type of food do they serve?|They serve chinese food. Would you like to make a booking today?
Maybe but could I have the postcode,food preference and phone number fot this Indiana Restaurants?|I'm sorry, I don't see any Indiana restaurants.
No, if I could get the phone number for the peking restaurant, that would be good.|You can phone them at 01223354755.  What else can I do for you?
That was all I needed. Thank you,|Your welcome. Please contact us anytime.
I am looking for Golden House restaurant.|Golden house serves cheap Chinese food in the centre of town.
Great. Would you book a table for 1 on Sunday at 12:00, please?|I am sorry but the Golden House was not available on Sunday at 12:00. Can I find another restaurant for you perhaps?
Sure, can you find me something close-by that has comparable prices? And can I get the reference number please?|I was able to get you in at Charlie Chan, another inexpensive Chinese restaurant in the centre. Reference number P4K1B3X6. Can I help you with anything else?
No, that is all! Thanks.|Enjoy your meal and do not hesitate to call back if you need further assistance.
Hey there, I need to find a train to cambridge from london kings cross|how about TR5219 that leaves at 05:17?
i need to arrive by 15:30 on friday.|TR4748 arrives at 14:08. Can I book it for you?
Yes please. I need one ticket.|You have 1 seat reserved on TR4748, reference #A4V9R126. Can I be of further assistance today?
I'm also looking for a place to eat in the north part of town. I don't want it to be too costly, so let's try a moderate price range.|Would you prefer Chinese or Indian?
Definitely Indian. Thanks|The nirala gets great reviews, its moderately priced and is in the north area of town. Would you like me to make reservations?
No, thank you. Can you give me the address, postcode and phone number, please?|Its address is 7 Milton Road Chesterton, phone number is 01223360966 and its postal code is cb41uy.
I don't need anything else.|Okay, have a great day!
I need to find a restaurant in the north side of town|OK. Did you have a certain price range of cuisine in mind?
I don't have a price range. I'm looking for a restaurant that serves catalan food.|I'm sorry, there are no restaurants listed serving catalan food in the north part of town.  Would you like to try something else?
How about French type food?|restaurant two two is in the north area and serving french food, can I help you with anything else?
Yes. Can I get the name and phone number of one of those restaurants?|Yes, Restaurant Two Two can be reached at 01223 351880.
What is the area again sorry ?|it is located in the north part of town
Thank you for your help. Have a great evening.|Thank you. Goodbye.
Hi, I am looking for a particular attraction.  Have you heard of Scudamores Punting Co?|Yes, Scudamores Punting Co is located in Granta Place, Mill Lane and their phone number is 01223359750. Anything else you want to know?
Is there an entrance fee? If so, what is it?|If they have an entrance fee, it's not showing up with their listing. Is there anything else I can do for you today?
Yeah, are there any expensive Chinese places in town?|There are 9 expensive Chinese restaurants in town. Is there a particular area you would like to dine in?
I would like the south please.|How about peking restaurant? Would you like to make a reservation?
that sounds great, please do|Okay! For when, and for how many people?
I don't need a reservation at the moment but could you send me the postcode and address of the restaurant. Thank you.|The address of the restaurant is 10 Homerton Street City Centre. The postcode is cb28nx. Can I assist with anything else?
Yes.  I would like a taxi to take me from the attraction to the restaurant.|in order for me to get a cab for you I need the arrival and or departure times
I need to get to the attraction by 22:15.|I've booked a taxi for you. It's a blue Volvo and the contact number is 07079040787.
Perfect thats everything I needed thanks for the help|You're welcome.  Have a great day.
Hey, are there any expensive restaurants in the centre?|There are thirty thee choices. Do you have a food type you would like to try?
I would like to just find something expensive and get the postcode please.|How about Bedouin? It's an expensive African restaurant in the centre, postcode cb12bd. Is there any other information you need?
Great that's all the information I needed today, thank you!|Your welcome! Have a great day!
Same to you! Goodbye.|Thanks for contacting the Cambridge TownInfo Centre and have a great day!
I really would like to try a japanese restaurant while in Cambridge.|Wagamama is a Japanese restaurant on 36 Saint Andres Street. Would you like me to make a reservation for you?
I'd like to treat myself.  Is this in the expensive range?|It is expensive. Shall I book it for you?
Yes, if this restaurant is in the Centre. I also need the postcode and phone number please.|Of course. The phone is 01223462354 and the post code is cb23ar. Can I do anything else for you?
I also need a hotel in the cheap price range.|I have located 2 hotel options, Alexander Bed and Breakfast and El Shaddai, both have internet and parking available. Would you like me to book one of these for you?
Yes I would like a room  for 3 nights please.|Sure, when would you like to stay?
The hotel I need should be in the same area as the restaurant and include free wifi.|It is in the same area, and does have wifi.  When would you like your stay to begin?
I would like my stay to begin on Tuesday.|I apologize, but the hotel isn't available for that amount of time. Please book another day or a shorter stay.
Can you try to book the hotel for Tuesday for 2 people, 2 nights?|I'm sorry but the booking was unsuccessful. Is there an alternative date you would like to try?
All right, can you try for just 1 night instead?|I was able to book a stay for 1 night, Tuesday at the Alexander bed and breakfast. Your Reference number is : IUP56OAY. Can I help ypu with anything else?
That's all I need thanks.|Have a great day!
I need information on a swimmingpool to visit.|There are 4 swimmingpools. One in the east, two in the north, and one in the centre.
We're going to be in the centre so maybe that one. Can I get the postcode of that one?|Yes their postcode is cb11ly.
Thanks. Hey, is Yu Garden still open?|Yes it most certainly is. Would you like their telephone number?
I don't need their number, but will you please book a table for 7 people at 15:00 on Wednesday?|I've booked a table for seven at yu garden. Your reservation is at 15:00 on Wednesday. Your reference number is 799F0AEG. Can I help you with anything else?
Yes, I'll also need a taxi that will take me between the two places. I'll need to arrive at the restaurant by 15:00.|I was able to book you a taxi it will be a yellow volkswagen. The driver's contract number is 07156664502. Is there anything else I can help with?
Thank you that is all I need today.|Glad to be of service, and I hope you enjoy your time in Cambridge!
I am looking for a place to eat some moderate priced austrian food.|Sorry, I didn't get any matching results. Would you like me to look for other types of food?
Oh, that's okay. How about a restaurant that serves turkish food?|There are two of those. I recommend anatolia. Their phone number is 01223362372.
That sounds good, can you reserve for me?|When would you like the booking made for?
For tuesday please.|What time and for how many people?
Actually, can I change that to Friday. I would need a reservation that day for 7 people at 18:00.|Your booking was successful. The table will be reserved for you and your party for 15 minutes. The reference number is XJ15IFK8.
Do you know of any colleges in the city centre?|There are 13 options available. Would you like a recommendation?
Yes, please and if I can also get their the entrance fee.|christ's college is free entry or corpus christi is 2 pounds. There are 3 more options that have free entrance also.
I choose Corpus Christi. May I have their phone number, please?|Their phone number is 01223338000.  May I find anything else for you today?
That is all I needed.|Okay, have a great day!
I need a train leaving arriving in stevenage.|I'm sorry, can you clarify your departure and destination sites? Also, what day and time are you planning to leave?
I am departing from Cambridge and going to Stevenage.  This will be for Saturday and I want to arrive by 15:45|TR6998 will leave Cambridge on 13:21 and arrive at Stevenage at 14:10. The price is 10.24 pounds. Would you like to book?
Yes. Please book for 6 people.|Your booking was successful, the total fee is 61.44 payable at the station. Reference number is:  K6E4V6XO. Will there be anything else?
i also need food|I have 110 restaurants to choose from.  Is there a particular area or type of food you'd prefer?
Looking for something in the cheap price range that serves Danish food. If that is not available then Chinese food.|Charlie chan is a cheap Chinese place located in the centre.
Can you book it for me and get a reference number ?|for the reservation, i need to know the day, number of guests and the time please.
For 6 people at 11:15 on Saturday.|Table for 6 at 11:15 on Saturday at Charlie Chan. They will hold your table for up to 15 minutes after your reservation. Your Reference# is : UQQI88M8.
Thank you that is all I needed. Good bye.|Have a nice day, goodbye!
Hi, I'm planning a visit to the south of Cambridge and am looking for a bed and breakfast.|Rosa's bed and breakfast on 53 roseford road is inexpensive and has a 4 star rating. Would you like me to make a reservation for you?
Is it a type of guesthouse and is it in the south?|rosa's bed and breakfast
That sounds good. Can you book it for 3 people to stay 5 nights on tuesday?|Yes, sir, we have the booking all completed for you.  That was Five days starting Tuesday, for three people.  Is that correct?
Yes, but I do need the reference number, please. I'm also looking for a sri lankan restaurant in the south.|The reference number is 7AAVA5YO
Thank you for the reference number, how about the sri lankan restaurant in the south? Any luck finding one?|I'm sorry there are no results for a sri lankan restaurant in the south. Would you like to change some criteria, such as area or cuisine?
yes I found it and it was great|I apologize but there are no Sri Lankan restaurants in south Cambridge. Would like to explore another area?
Nah, I'd like to stay in the same area as the hotel. Let's try a Portuguese restaurant instead.|You're in luck. We do indeed have a Portuguese restaurant in that area. The name is Nandos. Would you like a reservation?
No but could I get the postcode, address and phone number please?|Absolutely.  The postcode is cb17dy, the address is at Cambridge Leisure Park in Clifton Way, and the phone number is 01223327908.
Can I also get a taxi from the hotel to the restaurant? I'd like to leave the hotel by 5:30, please.|Yes I got you a taxi. It is a grey Volkswagen whose contact number is 07956461934.
Sounds great.  Thanks for your help.|You're welcome. Have a good day.
Yes, thank you.  I want to find an expensive restaurant in the centre part of town.|Ok, what type of food are you looking for?
I'm looking for creative food in the expensive range in the centre.|I'm sorry there are no matches. Would you like for me to search for a different food type?
How about indian food?|I have 6 different restaurants that serve indian food.  I have heard fabulous things about the Curry King, would you like more information on the restaurant or book a table?
Could you book a party of 5 for 16:30 on Friday?|Your table is reserved under reference #IQGAYLK4. Can I help you with anything else?
I also need a train.|Sure, I can assist you with that.  Where will you be travelling to?
I'll be going from London Liverpool Street to Cambridge and need a train that will arrive by 12:30.|Okay, I just need the day you'll be traveling and I'll find the right train for you.
I need to depart on Friday.|I have several options. Is there a certain time you need to leave by?
I'm not sure what time I need to leave, but I do need to arrive by 12:30.|Ok great, the TR0637 will fit your needs. How many tickets will you need?
could you tell me how long the trip is?|TR0637 departs Cambridge at 09:39 on Friday and arrives at 11:07. The trip is approximately 88 minutes, barring any delays. There are few tickets left, would you like to book?
not now. thanks for the information|Absolutely! Is there anything else I can help you with?
Thank you for the information. I have all I need.|you are welcome.
I'm trying to find more information on a particular hotel called the Alexander bed and breakfast.|it is located at 56 saint barnabas road. you can call them on 01223525725
i want  to book it for 2 people and two nights starting monday|Booking was successful.
Reference number is : KCD8Q2CX.
Thanks. That's just what I needed.|great, is there anything else i can help you with?
Yes I am looking for a restaurant that is expensive and located on the west side.|Is there a certain type of food you would like?
It does not matter can you recommend one please?|I would recommend Saigon City. It is expensive but a great Asian oriental restaurant located on the north side of Cambridge. Do you want more information?
That sound great. Can you book it for us for 18:00 on Monday?|Your table is booked! The reference number is CGWD9SO1. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Thank you that will be all.|have a wonderful trip!
I am looking for a moderately priced restaurant in the west part of town.|What kind of food would you like?
Don't care.|Meghna serves moderately priced Indian food and is in the West part of town.
Are there any other restaurants?|There is saint johns chop house with moderate pricing in the west part of town.
What is the address, phone number and postcode?|saint johns chop house is located at 21-24 northampton street. Its phone number is 01223 353110 and the postcode is CB30AD, Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, thank you. That'll do it.|Thank you, and have a great day!
Thank you, goodbye.|Goodbye!
l am looking for a restaurant. The restaurant should serve gastropub food and should be in the center.|Alright, we have three restaurants available. Did you want it to be expensive or moderately priced?
It is a special occasion so I am hoping for an expensive place.|Okay, there's the backstreet bistro and the slug and lettuce. I recommend backstreet bistro.
What is the address and post code for the one you say is best?|Backstreet bistro is located at 2 Sturton Street City Centre, cb12qa
Thanks so much, I don't need anything more today|You are very welcome, thank you as well. Have a great day, and let me know if you need any more assistance.
I need to take a train to here.   I want to arrive by monday at 17:15.|Okay, there are plenty of options. Where are you headed?
I'll be going from Cambridge to Norwich.|I can get you a ticket on the tr8495 it will get you there by 10:55, or is that too early?
No that sounds good,please book it for me|How many tickets will you be needing?
I'm sorry I changed my mind. I just need the price per ticket please.|The price is 17.60 pounds sterling. Can I help with anything else?
I also need a moderate restaurant in the town centre that serves European food.|The riverside brasserie serves modern european food. Would you like to make a reservation today?
Yes. Please reserve for 5 people on Monday at 14:00.|Booked. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Reference number: XLZVMYRL.
Great. I can't wait. Thanks! Goodbye!|Have a great day and enjoy your time in cambridge.
I need to find an expensive place to eat.|There are plenty of choices in the expensive range.  Do you have a particular food type or area you're interested in?
Yes, I'm looking for seafood.|loch fyne is an expensive restaurant in the expensive price range. Would like me to book it for you?
Yes. Can you book a table for 7 people on Monday at 12:45?|I'm sorry.  There are no reservations at that time.  Would you like to try another time slot or day?
Lets try earlier around 11:45?|The booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Your reference number is : JQPIEJ2R. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes.  I'll need a train departing from Cambridge.|What day and time would you like to travel?
I would be traveling on tuesday and should leave norwich after 11:30.|There are 5 trains for that day departing after 11:30 what time would you like to arrive by?
I don't have a specific time I need to be there by, any train will do for the same number of people as before.|TR5949 departs cambridge at 11:36 and arrives ag 12:44.  May I book that for you?
Yes, please book this train. Also, I will need a reference number.|The booking was successful, the total fee due at the station is 123.2 GBP and the reference number is F14S262Z.
Thank you so much for your help with the restaurant and the train.|You're welcome. Have a nice day!
I'm looking for an expensive Indian restaurant. Can you find me one?|There are several what area would you like to eat at?
Yes, I'd like to eat in the centre if possible.|There are 2 curry garden and the golden curry. would you like to book either one?
Could you please just give me the postcode and phone number for the Golden curry?|Sure the phone number is 01223329432 and the postal code is cb12az
Thanks.  Can you help me find a hotel as well?  I don't need internet, but I do need free parking.|I'm sorry,  there are no hotels that meet your needs. Do you have any other criteria?
I'd like it to be 3 stars and in the same price range as the restaurant.|I'm still not finding anything. What part of town would you like to look in?
I would prefer something in the Cambridge area or close to it.|I can book the curry garden for you.
That's ok, I just need the postcode and phone number.|There are two hotels I can find, one called the Gonville Hotel which is in the centre. The telephone is 01223366611 and the postcode is CB11LY.
can i get a contact number and car type please?|Sure, where will you be traveling to and from? Is there a particular time you'd like to leave or arrive by?
I would like to go from the hotel to the restaurant no later than 08:00|I've got a Red Audi, contact number 07611734774 leaving at 08:00.
Thank you, that's everything that I need.|Great! Have a nice trip!
I need a place to eat? How about some place in the centre of the town and in moderate price range?|Is there a type of food you are interested in having?
yes british food|There are 4 places that would suit your needs. Could I recommend, Restaurant One Seven? It's very popular this time of year.
sure, can you reserve a table for friday for me?|Sure.  What time would you like the table for?
12:45, Friday. 7 people. Reference number please.|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Reference number is : 0DSRHJ06.
Perfect. I am also looking to stay at the finches bed and breakfast. Can you tell me about it?|it is a cheap 4 star guest house in the west. can we book?
Can you book it for 7 people for 2 nights on friday?|Booking was successful.Reference number is : 09NIQSM0.is there anything else i can do for you?
Yes, please. I'm going to need a taxi to take me from the hotel to the restaurant.|what time do you want to leave
I need to arrive at the restaurant by 12:45. I also need the contact number and car type please.|look out for a	yellow skoda with contact number 07860378071
Thank you, that'll be all today.|Please call again if we can assist you in any way. Have a great day. Goodbye!
I would like a restaurant that serves portuguese food|Nandos is a Portuguese restaurant, it is in the cheap price range, and is on the south part of town. Would you like the phone number?
what is their address|Cambridge Leisure Park Clifton Way. Can I help you with anything else?
Thank you goodbye.|You're welcome. Good bye.
That is all I need. No further questions.|OK. Good bye.
Can you let me know if Cambridge has any restaurants that serve Australian cuisine and are priced expensively?|No, I'm sorry there aren't any.
Not even in the centre of town?|Sorry, not even in Centre. Is there a different type of cuisine you would like to try?
Sure, let's try Mediterranean, please?|shiraz restaurant and la mimosa are both in the center and seem to match your needs. Do you need a reservation?
No but what is the address and phone number?|Sure.  The address and phone number for La Mimosa is Thompsons Lane Fen Ditton/01223362525 and for Shiraz restaurant it is 84 Regent Street City Centre/01223307581.
Thanks.  I also need to get a hotel with free wifi.|I have 3 options available with free wifi in the centre of town.  What is the price you are looking for?  I have expensive to moderate available.
Same price range as the restaurant please.|The University Arms Hotel is in the centre and expensive, with WiFi. Would you like me to book that for you?
Yes, that would be great. I'll need it for Friday, 3 nights, and 3 people, please?|Which days would you like to stay?
friday if possible. let me get reference number|Your booking was successful.  Your reference number is 1RIY72MY.
great, that's all i need thanks|You're very welcome. Will you be needing a taxi?
No, my friends have a car.|If you need any further assistance, please contact us.
I want to find a moderate priced place to dine in the centre of town.|Sure thing. What type of food were you thinking about?
I would like to try some German food please.|I am not finding anything for german food. Something else perhaps?
Lets change it to chinese food, anything?|How about the Jinling noodle bar?
That sounds good. Can you book it for Sunday at 13:30 for 6 people?|Unfortunately, there are no bookings available. Can I try one of the other Chinese restaurants in the area? lan hong house or shanghai family restaurant?
As long as they are moderate priced. The shanghai sounds good.|The booking at the shanghai was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Can I help you with anything else today?
Yes I need a reference number for the booking.|The reference number is TG8VOAVX.  Do you need anything else?
No thank you that will be all.|Okay. Glad I could help. Enjoy dining there.
I'd like recommendations for a restaurant that serves Vietnamese food.|Thanh Binh is a cheap Vietnamese restaurant located in the west part of town at 17 Magdalene Street City Centre. You may contact them at 01223362456. Would you like to book?
Yes, please.  I need a table for 8 on Thursday at 16:30.|Okay the booking was successful. The reference number is WJCUA6MT.
Terrific.  I am also looking for a train to Cambridge.  Can you help me with that?|Sure thing, when will you be departing?
Thursday and I'll be leaving from birmingham new street.|There is a train leaving Birmingham New Street at 05:40 and arriving at 08:23 on Thursday. Would you like me to book that one?
Yes I need a booking for 8 people please.|I was able to book the train TR4235.  The Reference number is : NIR4Z9CN.
that's all i needed thanks!|You are all set?  Or would you like some help with something else?
No that is all. Cheers, bye.|Okay have a great day!
I'm planning your trip in Cambridge.i'm looking for a place to dine in the east with chinese food|How about yu garden?
That sounds good! I would like to make a reservation for 2 at 13:15 on friday.|Yes I have made that for you and your reservation number is YWN5SM9V.
Awesome!  Thank you, could you give me their address?|The address is 529 Newmarket Road Fen Ditton.  Is there anything else I can help you with?
Recommendations for guesthouses to stay without free parking?|How about archway house? I hear it's lovely.
I can try it, can you book it for me?|I would be happy to. Let me get some additional information.  When would you like to check in?
Actually, I don't need a booking. Thanks, good bye.|It was a pleasure to help you today. Goodbye.
I'm looking for information on 4-star rated guesthouses in Cambridge|I have a number of 4 star guesthouses available, would you like to book one in a particular area?
Not really. Could you suggest one with free parking?|Okay, how about the Acorn Guest House in the north?
Sure.  Can we spend 5 nights starting on Sunday?  I am going to need room for 7 people.|Reference number is 29IN9CT3 for the acorn guesthouse.
I would also like to eat somewhere cheap in the middle of town.|I suggest the dojo noodle bar, an asian oriental restaurant, would you like to make a reservation?
do you have one the is portuguese food ?|There is. How does Nandos City Centre sound?
Sounds great if it is portuguese. I'll take a reservation for 7 people at 20:00 for the same day.|You're all set. Your reference number is 6R5W1RRE and your table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Anything else?
No, that's all I needed today. Thank you for your help! Goodbye!|Okay, it was my pleasure to assist you! Bye!
I'm looking for an expensive restaurant in the Centre. Can you help me find one?|There are several expensive places in centre what type of food do you want
Can you please try european food?|darrys cookhouse and wine shop is a favorite of mine.  Can I book a table for you?
That would be great. Can you book it for 5 people at 18:15 on Friday?|Okay, I've booked you a reservation and your reference number is BNS85603. Your table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Thanks for the help that's all I need. Have a great day. Goodbye.|Thank you for calling the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Have a great day.
Hello I'm looking for the shanghai family restaurant.|Yes I got it, what can I do for you sir?
Can you tell me the postcode?|The postcode is cb11dg.
Great I am also looking for a hotel with a 2 star rating that has free parking.|Do you have a preference for the hotel's area or price range?
The area doesn't really matter, but I would like something cheap.|I'm sorry, but I don't have any hotels that match that criteria. Would you like to change your requirements?
Can you find me a 4 star hotel?|I have at least 8 hotels that might suit you. They all have internet, a 4 star rating and are in the cheap price range. Do you have a preference for what part of town you stay in?
Yes I would like to stay on the east side of town.|I have both the Autumn House and the Allenbell. They are both guesthouses on the east side of town with a 4 star rating. Should i book one for you?
The Allenbell is fine. Could you book a stay for 7 people, starting on Tuesday, for 4 nights? I also need a reference number.|Booking was successful. Reference number is : AVPKTYBJ.
I will als require a taxi. I need to leave the hotel by 21:15. Can you provide he contact number and the type of car please.|What is your destination?
I don't have a particular destination for my taxi.|I'm sorry, but I cannot provide you information on the taxi without knowing your destination.
I need to get from the allenbell hotel to the shanghai family restaurant, please.|I have confirmed your taxi departing from allenbell at 21:15 to shanghai family restaurant. The contact number is 07779063338.  Is there anything else we can help you with?
Yes, I also need the car type.  Thank You|The booked Car type is a Red Toyota.
Thank you so much for all of your help, have a great day!|You're welcome. Good-bye.
I am looking for information in Cambridge.|Sure, what can I help you with?
Are there trains leaving from Peterborough on Tuesday?|Yes, there are many trains leaving Peterborough on Tuesday, what are your arrival and departure times?
I'd like to arrive by 13:00. I'd also like to book seats for 6 people. Can you provide a reference number please?|Your booking has been successful. You will take the TR5060 at 11:48 and arrive at 12:38. Your fees are 99 GBP which you can pay at the station. FDPK5M0M
Yes I am also looking for an expensive restaurant on the west side.|what about graffiti? it looks lovely
Grand. Please can you give me the postcode and phone?|01223277977 is the phone number. cb30lx is the postcode. Can I help you with anything else?
No, that will be all. Thank you for your help!|Thank you for calling. Have a fantastic trip! Goodbye!
I want to find an expensive restaurant|There are many expensive restaurants in town. Is there a particular area or type of food you are looking for?
Something in the South part of town would be great. Any cuisine is fine.|chiquito restaurant bar serves mexican food, is located in the south part of town, and is in the expensive price range.  Would you like their location?
Yes, please.|Chiquito restaurant bar is at 2G Cambridge Leisure Park Cherry Hinton Road Cherry Hinton.  Do you need the phone number?
Yes, please.|Their phone number is 01223 400170.
Thank you goodbye.|Thank you and have a great day!
I'm looking for some colleges to visit in town.|Sidney Sussex (cb23hu) and Gonville and Caius (cb21ta) Colleges are both free to enter, and located on Trinity St. Does that help?
Can I have the phone numbers as well?|Sidney Sussex is 01223338800, and Gonville and Caius is 01223332400
I am also looking for a place to dine. I need something moderately priced in the city's centre please.|There are quite a few in that area.  Do you have a cuisine type preference?
Go ahead and suggest a moderately priced one in the centre area of town.|I would recommend Yippee Noodle Bar
Please reserve a table for 5 people at 11:00 on Monday.|All right, I've booked the table. The reference number is N3HGPU8Y. What else can I help you with?
No, that was everything.  Thanks for your help.  Goodbye!|I forgot to add-Yippee Noodle is located on 40428 King Street City Centre. And you have a great day.
I am looking for a place to stay. I needs to have moderately priced rooms and reside somewhere in the east part of town.|There are 3 places that fit your needs. A and B Guest House, Carolina Bed and Breakfast and Warkworth House. Would you like to book with any of these?
Do any of those places have free wifi?|All three have WiFi. Can I book one for you?
Do all of them have free parking as well?|Both Warkworth House and Carolina Bed and Breakfast have parking available. Shall I make a booking?
Can you please book a one bedroom at Warkwoth house and I also am looking for a restaurant that serves indian food in the same area.|What date, number of days, and number of people would you like to book at Warkworth house?
One person on Sunday at 17:00 please.|Before we make your restaurant reservation, let's take care of the hotel. What day are you arriving, how many nights are you staying, and how many people?
It's just me. I am arriving Sunday and staying one night. Can you provide the phone number for the restaurant?|The number for Rajmahal is 01223244955.
I apologize. I seem to be a bit ahead of myself today. What kind of hotel was the Warkworth house?|That was a guesthouse, all 3 options are guesthouses.
Is there one with free parking?|Yes, warkworth, has free parking!
Are there any Indian restaurants around that hotel?|Yes, there are 4 different Indian restaurants in that area.
Ok, of those 4 is there one that is moderate priced?|Curry Prince and Rajmahal are both moderately priced. Which one could you like?
The Rajmahal is fine. You said the phone number is 01223244955?|Yes, that's the correct number for the restaurant. Is there anything else I can do for you?
No, thank you, you've been a great help.|My pleasure. Have a good day.
Thanks, you too.|You are welcome, goodbye!
I am planning my trip to Cambridge and looking for a restaurant in the centre that serves italian food. Can you help me?|There are 9 Italian restaurants in town, did you have a price range in mind?
I would like a moderately-priced restaurant.|I found Pizza Express on Regent Street, would you like me to book it for you?
Sure, book it for 3 people at 14:45 on Monday.|Oh dear. I was unable to make that reservation. Could we try another time?
Yes, could we try for 13:45. That would work for me.|I've booked it for 13:45 and your reference number is XEO5JPU2.  Can I help you any further?
Yes, I'd like to find a place to go in the same area as the restaurant.|What type of place would you like to go to?
I want to go to a museum.|I have about 11 different museums in the centre of town. Do you have any certain type of museum in mind. I have art museums, one with antiques, etc.
Whichever one you think, and please provide etrance fee as well.|They are all free. There is williams art and antiques, I like that one.
Great can I also get a taxi to take me between the two places?|Where would you like to leave from and what time?
I just need to ensure the taxi gets me from the museum to the restaurant by my reservation time. Can you swing that?|I got you a red tesla taxi. The contact number is 07456538406.
Okay, that's all I needed. Thank you.|Enjoy your trip and please call back if you need anything else.
I want to try some local restaurants. What are your recommendations?|What type of food are you interested in?
I actually need a train frist. It needs to arrive by 13:00 and depart from cambridge and arrive at london kings cross Wednesday.|I will have to tranfer you to the person that does trains since I do restaurants. Let me know if you want to discuss food still.
I will also need the departure time and travel time.|train TR3844 departs at 11:21 and the travel time is 49 minutes. would you like me to book you a ticket?
No thanks, but I would like to see if there are any Persian restaurants in the south area of town.|No. Would you like me to try another type of food.
Do you have anything expensive?|there are five expensive restaurant in the south.
I need one close to centre of town|I have so many options including Africa, British and Asian. Do you have a preference?
Yes, I would prefer the British.|I recommend the fitzbillies restaurant. it's on 51 Trumpington Street City Centre. Would you like me to book a table?
No thanks, but could you give me the zipcode for the restaurant?|The zip code for the restaurant is cb21rg. Is there any thing else I can do for you today?
no. i am taken care of. thanks. bye.|Enjoy your day, goodbye!
I'm looking for a swimming pool in town.|There are four swimming pools in Cambridge. Did you want one in a particular part of town?
No, actually it doesn't matter. Can you suggest one and provide me the postcode?|Yes, the Jesus green outdoor pool get the most consistently positive feedback, their postal code is cb43px, can I help with anything else?
I would also like to find a korean restaurant|little seoul is found in the center of town and is in the expensive price range. could you like a reservation?
Yes, a table for 6, please.|I will reserve that for you now.
Hello, are you still there?  You said that you would reserve it but never did anything, it has been 55 minutes.|Oh, I'm sorry about that.  Please excuse me.  What day would you like for the reservation to be made?
That's alright. I need my table to be booked on Sunday.|I need more information on the time for the booking.
We would like 18:45 on sunday for 6 people. I'll need a taxi to go between the two places by the booked time. Please provide contact number and car type.|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Reference number is : U9WFNBHE.  Which direction will you need the taxi for?
I'll need to go between the swimming pool and the restaurant.|Booking was successful.  The car will be a white Toyota and the contact number is 07225283033.  Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, thank you. That was all I needed. Thanks. Bye.|If you are sure you do not need anything?
Howdy! I'm craving some cheap Italian food, you got any place like that?|Yes I recommend zizzi cambridge.  It's in the centre of town.
I would like to book it on Wednesday, for 7 people at 19:00.|Your booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. The reference number is 5D5KCZ65.  Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, I'm also interested in things to do in the centre area. Can you make some suggestions?|Do you have a certain type of attraction you would like?
I'm actually open to anything to recommend as long as its in the centre|We have a lot of architecture in the centre. Holy trinity church and old schools are very nice.
What is old schools? And is there an entrance fee?|Old Schools is an architecture attraction in the centre area of town.  It is free!
That sounds perfect! I think that's all I need for today. Goodbye.|Thanks for using our system today!
I need help finding a place to dine that is very expensive and is located in the centre.|There are a variety of restaurants that are expensive and are located in the centre. Is there a food type that you are interested in?
I will just take the first one on the list. Can you make a reservation for 5 at 16:00 this Tuesday?|Unfortunately Bedouin doesn't have anything available. Would you like me to keep going down the list?
Yes the next one down the list|Booking was a success. It'll be at kymmoy and the reference number is X651IF9F.
Just to be certain, does kymmoy share the same area and price range as Bedouin?|Yes it most certainly does.
Can you book that for me then?|Yes your booking reference number is X651IF9F.
Thank you very much for your help.|You're welcome. Will you be needing anything else today?
No that will be all. Thank you for all of your help.|You're welcome. Good-bye.
I'm looking for a restaurant, can you help?|Sure, do you know what you are looking to eat?
I am wanting a recommendation so it can be any type of food, but I would like something cheap and in the centre of town.|I would highly recommend the Charlie Chan for you. Should I make a booking for you?
Yes can you please and send me the reference number?|Sure.  Can you tell me how many people will be there and when you would like the reservation for?
No problem. I would like it booked for two people at 20:00 on Saturday.|Your reference number is OWA5YKJI. Do you need help with anything else?
I need to know where a fin place ot go is, I dont care what type, just in the cetre area near where I am eating.|I am sorry what is a fin? Can you please rephrase your question?
Sorry, I am looking for a fine attraction which is also in the center of town.|What type of attraction would you like?
Suggest something to me, near the restaurant.|old schools is nice and they are located in the centre
What kind of attraction is that?|Old Schools is an architecture tour.
That sounds interesting. What is the entrance fee?|There is no entrance fee.
Thank you for all your help. That's all I need for now.|Thank you for calling and have a wonderful day. Goodbye.
I'll be in there next week and my friend told me about a restaurant called The Missing Sock. Could you tell me where they are located?|It is in the east, postcode cb259aq,Finders Corner Newmarket Road. Anything else?
I am looking to book a train.|I would be more than happy to help you find a train. Can you tell me where you will be departing from and where you would like to go?
I'm looking for a train that goes to leicester and arrives on sunday. The train needs to leave after 6:45 from cambridge.|Is there a time you need to arrive by?
I need to leave after 18:45, not the time I said before.|I have five options for your requested time with the closest leaving at 19:21. Would you like to make a reservation?
Yes please. Book it for 5 people. What is the reference number?|Your reference number is P5XAHU9D. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, I am also looking for a cheap place to dine.|I've got several choices for cheap dining.  Do you have a preference of area or food type?
Centre area, no food type preference, what do you recommend?|I have several options. How about the Dojo noodle bar? It's located at 40210 Millers Yard City Centre.
Sounds great, I'd like to book for the same number of people at 10:00 on the same day.|Unfortunately booking at that time was unsuccessful, do you have an alternate time you'd prefer?
Please try 9:00 instead on the same day.|They are not open at 9:00 on sunday. May I suggest another establishment?
Are you quite certain you can't get me a table at 9:00?|I am certain. Their phone number is 01223363471, perhaps you can call and speak with someone.
thank you I will call them|You're welcome. Is there anything else needed?
Actually, book that for me. Same number of people on the same day.|It appears to be booked up all day sunday. Can I recommend another restaurant that might be open that day?
Yes please do I am having no luck, I need the reference number then too.|I can do the j restaurant in the centre if that would be ok
Sure we can try to book that.|That doesn't seem to be working either.
Can you please locate another restaurant for me please that is accepting reservations on sunday.|I am sorry but on Sunday cheap restaurants in the centre are all completely booked. Is there something else I can help you with?
Please recommend the cheapest restaurant that is available and book it.  We need to eat!  Thanks!!!|Okay, the river bar steakhouse and grill can be booked at 9:00 on Sunday, I've booked for 5 people, the reference number is RFTEXMIX, is there anything else I can help with today?
No, thank you. You were very helpful.|Thank you for contacting Cambridge TownInfo centre. Goodbye!
Hi, I'd like to find someplace to go in the west.|There are 13 places you can visit. Do you have a preference?
I don't know what there is, so it's hard to say. Could you recommend something interesting or unusual?|Whale of a Time guarantees you'll leave with a smile. Would you like the address or phone number?
What kind of attraction is that and how much does it cost to get in?|It is entertainment and I do not have any information here on the price.
I also need to find an expensive restaurant that serves traditional food please.|I'm afraid there aren't any in Cambridge.  Is there a different cuisine you might like?
Can you find me something expensive in the Cambridge area that serves Gastropub food?|Here is a good one the slug and lettuce.
Sounds good! I need a table for 3 people at 19:45 on Thursday.|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.Reference number is : P5WGME15.
THank you that is all I need today.|You're welcome. Let me know if I can assist with anything else.
Hi, I'm looking for an expensive restaurant that serves British cuisine.|We have six. Do you have a preferred area of town?
No preferred area but I need to know if I can book a table for Saturday.|What time on Saturday and for how many people were you looking to book for?
There will be 3 of us at 14:15.|I was able to book a table at the grafton hotel they also serve british. Your reference number is 1ULFDV2T.
Thank you so much!|Enjoy the rest of you day
I'm looking for information on la tasca.|It serves Spanish food and is located in the centre of town.
Great!  Can I book a table for lunch Wednesday?|How many people will be dining with you?
I need a booking for 4 people at 12:00 on wednesday.|Your reservation is all set! Your reference number is PN280GZ3. Do you need anything else?
I also need to get to Norwich on Thursday and I need to be there at or just before 14:30.|I'll be happy to book a train to Norwich for you.  On what day and time would you like to travel?
Well, Thursday.  Have to get there from Cambridge by 14:30.|I have found TR1530 that leaves cambridge on thursday at 12:36 and arrives in norwich at 13:55.  Can I book a seat on this train for you?
No thank you, I just need the travel time.|Okay! Travel time is 79 minutes. Can I help you with anything else?
No that's all you can help me with.|Have a great day!
I'm looking for a restaurant called Mahal of Cambridge.|Sure, that's a great cheap Indian restaurant in the centre of town. What information do you need?
Could you see if you can get me a table for 5 there at 12:00 on Friday?|Yes, I reserved that table for you.  Reference number 196SQORA.  Can I be of further assistance?
Thank you for reserving it, and just to make sure...can you please confirm the time and date of the booking?|That booking was made for Friday for a party of 5 at 12:00. Was that correct?
Yes, that's correct. Thank you.|Can I assist you with anything else today?
No, that's it. Thanks for your help!|Thank you. Goodbye!
I'm looking for a pricey Indian place. I wanna show off to my date.|I have many good expensive Indian restaurants in the Cambridge area. Is there a specific part of town you would prefer?
How about the center? i would like to book a table as well for 8 people at 16:45 on a Friday.|Unfortunately there are no tables available at that time. Would you prefer a different time or perhaps a different day?
Can you try booking it for 15:45 instead?|I was able to book that for you, the reference number is VKRSAFBU
Thank you very much, that is all for now. Goodbye.|Thank you for using Cambridge TownInfo centre, and enjoy your meal!
I am looking for a restaurant in the cheap price range that serves British food.|I am sorry there are no restaurants that meet those requirements. Would you like to try another type of food?
What British restaurants are available in the centre to choose from? I'd like to book a table at 17:15 for one on Saturday.|I can book a table for you at the oak bistro. They are moderately priced and you won't be disappointed
Sounds great - can you book a table there?|Absolutely! For how many people and what day/time?
Just myself.  I'd like to eat at 17:15 on Saturday.|The British places are all booked up then. Another time or place?
How about 16:15 instead?|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Reference number is : 8SS1T80V.
I am looking for a cheap restaurant that is in the north part of town.|What kind of food would like?
Any|Da vinci pizzeria serves Italian food in the cheap price range and is in the North part of town.
Are there any other options?|royal spice serves indian food in the cheap price range and is in the North part of town.
That sounds great.  May I have their address please?|royal spice's address is Victoria Avenue Chesterton
Thank you very much , bye bye|enjoy!
Where can I get some British food that isn't too cheap or expensive?|There are a total of 5 British restaurants that are moderately priced. Is there any particular location you are wanting such as the centre or west?
No, no particular location. What is the information for the first listing?|Restuarant one seven. The address is De Vere University Arms Regent Street City Centre. The phone number is 01223337766.
Great. Do you know of a high-end hotel I could stay at? It has to have free wifi.|The University Arms Hotel is an expensive place with free wifi, conveniently located very close to your restaurant. Would you like to book a room there?
I might be interested. First, is that a guesthouse style? I would love to stay in a guesthouse style with free parking!|Unfortunately no, it is not a guesthouse style lodging. There are none that fall into the expensive category, would you like me to search for something cheaper that is a guesthouse?
No, that's okay. Are there any hotels available in the moderate price range?|There are 12 guest houses that have free wifi and free parking. Would you like me to book one for you?
Yes. I would like a room for just me for 4 nights starting on Sunday.|I'm sorry, all those guesthouses are book for that time frame, could you arrive another day or for a shorter stay?
Can we try 3 nights?|I was able to book you a room at the Acorn Guesthouse for 3 nights. Your reference number is 25Y826UQ. Is there anything else I can help with?
yes can you help me reserve a taxi?|Sure, I can help you with that. Where is your departure site or destination? Perhaps you have a certain time in mind?
I'd like to go from the restaurant at 08:45 to the hotel. Can you let me know what kind of car and how to contact them?|Ok.  A grey lexus will pick you up at restaurant one seven at 08:45. The contact number is 07669997265.  Can I help you with anything else?
That's it.. thank you.|It is no problem. Thank you for using the Cambridge Towninfo Centre, we hope to see you again.
I need to find a hotel in the south please|I'm sorry, but I'm experiencing a system error. Can you please restate your request?
Uh, I want to find a place to go in town.  I really want to look at some of the colleges.|Certainly. The town has many colleges to look at. Is there any particular area of the town you'd like to narrow it down to?
Not really.  Any college would be great.|How about Christ's College? It's located in the centre of town at Saint Andrew's Street.
That sounds great! What's the postcode?|The postcode is cb23bu. Anything else I can find for you?
Could you look up Don Pasquale Pizzeria for me? I'd like to know the postcode.|Certainly. The postcode is cb23nj.
Can I book a taxi from Christ's College to Don Pasquale Pizzeria?|Sure.  When will you need the taxi?
Actually I need to go from the restaurant to the college. I'd like to leave by 7:15.|A blue Volvo will pick you up at the pizzeria.  The contact number is 07889066606.  Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, that will be all.  Thank you.|You're very welcome. Thank you and goodbye!
I need a place to eat that serves traditional food in the centre.|I am sorry there are no listings for that type of place, can I help you find one in another area?
Are there any cheap places to eat that serve traditional food in other areas of the city?|I am sorry but there is no traditional food in the cheap price range. Do you want a different type of cuisine or price range?
How about ones that serve italian food?|I have 3 cheap Italian restaurants located in the centre of the city. Would you like to hear them?
Yes please book a table for 1 on wednesday at 14:00 please.|Sure, I've booked you at Ask with reference number LK2P76OS. May I help with anything else?
No, that should be all, thanks!|You're welcome. Enjoy your meal.
Are there any vietnamese themed restaurants in the west side of town?|Yes, Thanh Binh. Do you want a reservation there?
Sure, I'll need a table for 3 at 19:45 on Monday please.|The booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Your reference number is : EP1XT4JY.  Is there anything else I can do to assist you?
Yes.  I also need to book a train.|Sure! What is your departure area and your destination?
I want a car to get me to Cambridge, arriving by 14:00.|What is your departure station please?
Please ignore my last post, I was distracted.  I need to leave Ely and get to Cambridge by 16:00.|What day are you looking to book train on?
I'll be departing Monday. Could you tell me the travel time of the train?|the TR6898 train has a travel time of 17 minutes and arrives at cambridge at 15:52. Would you like to book that train or get more information?
no thanks. i have all the info i need. have a good day. bye.|You are welcome.  Enjoy your visit.
Hello!  This is my first time to Cambridge, can you recommend a good, expensive restaurant in the centre?|Do you want British food?  If so, the Cambridge Chop House is popular.   You are in luck as there is a wide range of options.
Actually, I'm in the mood for Cantonese food. Are there any like that?|I don't have any Cantonese restaurants in the centre. I could try another cuisine or another area?
OK.  How about an expensive Japanese restaurant?  I'd like to treat myself!|There is one of those- it is called wagamama. Would you like to make a reservation?
Sure. Book it for 4 people at 11:45 on a saturday.|Your table is reserved. The reference number is BS73EYWV.
What other local attractions are there to explore?|There are several. Vue Cinema is a popular attraction. Would you like the address?
No I would prefer a museum.|There are 11 found. how about the broughton house gallery?
What is the post code, address, and entree fee?|The postal code is cb11ln, address is 98 King Street, and the entrance is completely free.
That sounds good.  I also need to book a taxi to go from the Vue to the restaurant by my booked time.|I have booked you a black volvo. The contact number is 07018935922. How else may I assist you today?
Great, thanks for all of your help! You have been wonderful!|You're very welcome! Text us back anytime, and have a wonderful visit in Cambridge!
Hi. Would you happen to be able to suggest a museum in the east side of town?|I found the Cambridge Museum of Technology. It is located at the old pumping station on Cheddars Lane. There is an entrance fee of 5 pounds.
Great, that is very helpful. Thank you.|Can I help you with anything else?
Yes. I am also looking for an expensive restaurant that serves indian food.|There are 14 expensive Indian restaurants in Cambridge. Do you know what part of town you would like to be in?
Yes I would like it in the same part of town as the museum please.|The Pipasha Restaurant is also in the East part of town and fits your criteria.  Would you like me to book it for you?
Can you book it for 7 people for 18:00 on Wednesday and then send me the reference number?|Sure thing! The reference number is 06G0MUZE. Is there anything else I can do for you?
No, thank you, that was everything I needed for today!|You're welcome!  Enjoy your trip!
I'm looking for a restaurant in west part of town with cheap food.|There are 2 restaurants in that area that serve cheap food, one that serves Italian food the other Vietnamese, are you interested in either of these?
Can I get the address and phone number of the Vietnamese one?|Of course! The phone number for Thanh Binh is 01223362456. How else may I help you?
I'm looking for attractions in the category of colleges, any suggestions?|I am showing a wide selection for College Attractions.    To better assist me was there anything specific you were wanting to do, and was price a concern?
What areas of town are they in?|They're located in either the centre or the west.
Tell me about the ones in the west. And can I get the address for Thanh Binh?|The address for Thanh Binh is 17 Magdalene Street City Centre. Is there a particular type of attraction that you would like to know more about?
No, I also need a taxi to get between the two place.|I would need to know what attraction you are looking at before being able to book a taxi.
Yes, it's going to be one of the college...I need a suggestion for that. I need to leave the attraction by 2:00 to go to the restaurant.|There are a couple of good colleges to visit in that area. Would you like to go to one that is free?
Sure, that sounds great.  I just need that taxi to take me from Thanh Binh to the college.|How does Churchill College sound? I can definitely reserve a taxi for you. What time would you like to arrive at the restaurant?
I want to get to the college by 02:00.|It has been booked the car will be a yellow audi contact number 07021104597.
Okay great, that's all I needed today!|Wonderful! Have a great day!
I am looking for some info on rice house restaurant.|Rice house has cheap food and is located at 88 Mill Road City Centre.  May I book a table for you?
Yes, I'd like a table for a party of 8 at 11:15 on Thursday.|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : 5MA263EB.
I was hoping to eat for longer than that. Any chance you could book it for at least one hour?|Your booking has been successful. There is no direct time limit for your meal once you arrive. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
OK thank you very much for your help.|You are very welcome! Have a great time! Goodbye!
I'm looking for fun things to do in the center of town.|There are 44 different attractions in the centre area, were you looking for an entertainment venue?
You choose for me. I just need the address and postcode.|There is the Holy Trinity Church. Their phone number is 01223355397. The post code is cb23nz. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I don't think a Church is a place to have fun in town. Could you find me a restaurant instead?|Sure. There are a total of 110 restaurants in town. Do you have any preferences that would narrow down the list?
Yes I am looking for one called peking restaurant. I'd like a reservation for 8 on Friday.|I found the listing for Peking restaurant in the south not the centre.  If this is acceptable what time can I put the 8 of you down for?
put me down for 12:30|STAUDCT0 is your confirmation number
I'll also need a cab from the church to the restaurant, please.|What time would you like to leave the church?
I want to leave with enough time to get to the restaurant at 12:30.  How long will the cab ride be?|I have booked a yellow toyota for you.  Their number is 07739750198.  I do not know how long the cab ride is, I apologize.
Thank you, it's fine.|Do you need anything else today?
No, that's all. Thank you.|Thank you for using our service! Goodbye!
I would like a restaurant in the north part of town that serves canapes food.|There are no records matching your criteria. Would you like a different type of food or area?
Is there a asian oriental type food available?|Saigon City serves Asian Oriental food and is in the north part of town. Would you like the address and phone number?
Of course!|The address is 169 High Street Chesterton Chesterton and the phone number is 01223 356555.
Thank you goodbye.|your welcome. thanks for calling
I am looking for a restaurant in the centre that offers moderate pricing.|What type of food do you prefer?
I have a taste for British.|I have four options would you like a reservation?
Yes I would like to book a moderately priced one for 3 people at 14:15 on Sunday.|I booked you guys for Cotto at 183 East Road City Centre. Your reference number is 7U05R8OZ. Need anything else?
thanks i'm also looking for a train|Where are you traveling from and to on that day?
i am going to cambridge from norwich|TR9900 arrives in cambridge on Friday at 06:35. Would you like me to book seats for you?
I want to get to Cambridge at least by 11:30, no sooner and I just need the train id please|TR2365 gets to Cambridge at 10:35
Great!  Let's go ahead and book for three people.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 52.8 GBP payable at the station .Reference number is : PGURWWJB.
Thank you, that's all I need.|Thank you for contacting us and have a nice day.
i am looking for a hotel in the south.|We have one place the lensfield hotel, would you like more information?
it should have a 4 stars rating|According to my records, there aren't any hotels that meet your requirements. Sorry! Would you like to try something else?
How about a guesthouse with 4 stars?|there is one cheap and one expensve. which one would you prefer?
Thank you! It does not matter to me.|aylesbray lodge guest house is moderate and in the south. would you like to book a room now?
Yes, please! 7 of us will be arriving on Wednesday, and we'd like to stay 5 nights.|Booking was successful.
Reference number is : PHDX0SZC. anything else?
I also want to eat at an expensive Cuban place.|I'm sorry - we don't have any expensive cuban restaurants in the area. Is there something else I can look up for you?
Is there any cuban restaurants near the hotel in the moderate range?|No I apologize. Would you be interested in a different cuisine?
Italian will be fine.|pizza hut cherry hinton is the only restaurant serving italian food in the south part of town in the moderate price range. Would you like to book or more information
Could you book for my party at 15:15 on Wednesday?|For how many please ?
The reservation is for 7 people.|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : TP3B0YH5. Anything else I can do for you?
I will also need a taxi from the hotel to the restaurant.|No problem. I booked you a white bmw that will get you there by 15:15. The contact number is 07961694517.
Thank you so much for your help much appreciated.|welcome anytime you want to inquire
thank you very much|Thank you for trusting me to make the bookings for you.
Hi, I'm looking for a place to stay in the centre.|There are 2 guesthouses and 3 hotels in the city centre, do you prefer one or the other, or are there any amenities that you'd like?
Yes, I would like it to have free wifi.|The Alexander Bed and Breakfast is a 4 star guesthouse that is cheap.  Does that interest you?
Do they offer free wifi or free parking?|Yes to both.
Great. Please book it for 5 people for 5 nights starting from wednesday.|Unfortunately that didn't work. Do you want to shorten your trip?
Sure, how about two nights?|I was able to book that hotel for you for 2 nights.  The reference number is 8LCNFKVO.
Thanks.  I'm also interested in going to the Chiquito restaurant bar.  Can you make a reservation there?|Sure what time and how many people?
For 5 people on Wednesday please. Could you also provide the reference number.|I will need a time before I can book.
It will be for 11:00 on the same day|I've booked it for you, your reference number is S7P7SXVN.
Could you also get me a taxi that arrives at the restaurant by the booked time?|A red ford car will arrive at 10:30 to pick you up at your hotel to take you to the restaurant. The contact number is 07751377592.
Thank you for all of your help.|Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, I am all set.  Good bye.|Glad to help. Goodbye!
Hi, I'd like to find an expensive cantonese restaurant.|There are no restaurants in the area that match your preferences.  Is there anything else you'd be interested in?
How about North American food?|Gourmet Burger Kitchen serves North American food, is in the expensive price range, and is in the centre part of town. Would you like the phone number?
Yes, I would like their phone number and postcode, please.|Gourmet Burger Kitchen's phone number is 01223 312598 and the postcode is C.B 2, 1 A.B. May I help you with anything else?
No, thank you for the information.  Goodbye.|You're welcome, goodbye.
I want an expensive restaurant and serves european food. What is the phone number?|There is Cambridge Lodge Restaurant in the West area. Their phone number is 01223 355166. Can I help you with anything else?
Thank You|Thank you, goodbye!
I need to find a place to sleep on the east side, it doesnt matter is the parking is free or not.|There are 7. Would you like to stay in a guesthouse, or a hotel?
I think a guesthouse would be more personal.|I'd recommend the Autumn House. It's a guesthouse in the east. Would you like to book a room?
No thanks. I just need the price range, postcode and phone number.|The autumn house is a cheap guesthouse located in postcode cb58rs.  The phone number is: 01223575122.  Are you sure I can't help you with a reservation?
No thank you. Could you tell me about Russian restaurants in the east?|there are no russian restaurant in the east
are there any expensive restaurants?|Yes the are some in the East,what type of food do you like ?
I am a big fan of British food. Do you have an expensive one in the east?|The Grafton Hotel Restaurant is a British restaurant in the East area, would you like me to book it for you?
Yes please book it for Monday at 12:00 for 4 people please.|I am unable to book you for that time. Would you like a different day?
Could you try Wednesday?|That isn't available either. Would like to try a different time of day?
How about 12:00?|Monday just became available so I booked it before someone else does. Let me know if that won't work for you. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Reference number is : CAMFOFY8
Great!! Thank you so much. That's all I need today.|Awesome, thanks for your patience and thank you or visiting cambridge.
Hi! My friends told me about a restaurant called the nirala. What can you tell me about it?|Hello, the nirala is an indian restaurant in the north area. It is moderately priced.
thank you! Do you have the phone number for that restaurant?|Yes.  The phone number is 01223360966. Can I help you with anything else?
Yes, I need a train from cambridge and going to norwich.|There are 133 trains, do you have a day and time you'd like to travel?
Yes, I would like to leave on Sunday and arrive by 16:45.|TR1036 will arrive at 15:55. Would you like to book passage on that train?
Not yet I need information on travel time and the price.|The option arriving at 15:55 would cost 14.08 pounds and the travel time is 79 minutes.
Thank you goodbye|Is that all you needed today?
Thats it, thanks|Thank you. Good day.
I am looking for information on the Yippee Noodle bar.|Sure! Yipee Noodle Bar is a moderately priced Asian Oriental restaurant in the centre of town. What other other information can I get for you?
can i get the address and phone number?|Sure, yippee noodle bar is located at 40428 King Street City Centre. The phone number is 01223518111. How else may  I assist you?
On second thought, could you book me a table for 5 people at 12:30 on Sunday?|The Yippee Noodle Bar doesn't have a table available at that time. Would you like to try another?
Sure, please try for 11:30 Sunday.  Still 5 people.  Thanks.|All right, your table is reserved. The reference number is GVNN1K5V.
Thanks for your help.|No problem! Thank you, and have a nice day.
I'm looking for an indian restaurant in the south area of town.|which price range are you looking for?
I don't care. What have you found?|There is Taj Tandoori. Would you like the information?
Yes, please. phone number and address|Their phone number is 01223 412299 and their address is 64 Cherry Hinton Road Cherry Hinton.
Thank you. Bye.|You're welcome. Goodbye.
i'm looking for good turkish food, and price is no object.|I have found three restaurants for you all in the center of town. The expensive restaurant is Meze Bar Restaurant. Do you want their address?
That's great. I'd like to book a table.|When would you like to dine and on what day and for how many people?
I think I will just take their address instead.|Meze Bar Restaurant is located at 196 Mill Road City Centre. Anything else I can help you with or can I reserve you a table?
Thanks for the address. Can you find me a 2-star hotel in the same price range--expensive?|Express by holiday inn Cambridge is an expensive, two-star hotel. Do you want me to book the hotel?
Does it have free parking?|The Express by Holiday Inn offers parking, however I don't know if it's free.
Okay can you tell me what the postcode is for that?|The postcode is cb13lh. Will that be all for you?
Thanks, I also need a taxi to commute between the two places. Can you please assist?|Which site will  you be departing from?
I need to leave the hotel by 09:45.|A black skoda is booked for you. The contact number is 07215076304. Anything else?
Thank you for your help.|Thank you and have a good time in our lovely city!
could you provide some information about the colleges you have in town?|Okay! What part of town would you like to visit?
It does not matter.|christ's college is a beautiful college. You would love it !
Great, may I please have the address?|Christ's college is in the centre of town. Their address is saint andrew's street
i am looking for a place to dine. The restaurant should be in the west and should be in the expensive  book a table for 1 people at 14:30 on saturday|We have 14 places with all kind of food type, any preference?
Hm, I guess a chinese place would be good.|I'm sorry but I have no Chinese in this area. Could we try another area or type of food?
Indian food sounds good as well, how about that? The area and price must stay the same. Really anything is fine I don't care.|I'm sorry, there are no expensive Italian restaurants in the area either. How about a cheaper option?
Well then find me another type of expensive restaurant. Book it for 1 person for Saturday at 14:30.|Done! I have booked you a table at Travellers Rest, which will be reserved for 15 minutes. The reference number is 86LRTWFF. Can I help you with anything else?
Yes, I'll also need a taxi to commute between the two locations. I'll need to arrive at the restaurant by the dining time.|Booking completed!
Booked car type	:	grey skoda
Contact number	:	07328070350
Thanks.  That is all I need for today.  Bye.|Bye, have a good time.
I am looking for a restaurant that serves mediterranean food.|There are 3 choices do you want cheap or expensive?  I can book one for you if you'd like.
Any in the town centre?|Yes, all 3 are in the town center. Would the gardenia work for you?
I definitely want someplace expensive. Does the Gardenia fit that description?|No that's the cheaper choice, La Mimosa and Shiraz Restaurant are both in the expensive price range.
Can you book a table for seven people on Thursday at 15:00?|Would you like a table at La Mimosa or Shiraz?
I'll try Shiraz.|I am sorry that was unsuccessful. Would you like book another day or time?
How about 14:00 on the same day?|I can check on that for you. Yes, I was able to get your reservation set up for 14:00 for 7 on Thursday. Your reference number is O8HA0MSF.
Thanks. I'd also like to find an interesting attraction in the same area as our restaurant.|Would you be interested in checking out some neat architecture? There are lots of church's in town, many of them are free to visit.
Yes, one of those would be fun. Can you get me their postcode and phone number?|Alright, the address to the Holy Trinity church is market street, postcode cb23nz, phone number 01223355397
That sounds like a great suggestion.  Thank you for your help today.  Bye.|Can I assist you with anything else or will that be all for you today?
Help me find a moderate priced british food place please.|restaurant one seven is a nice place. Do you want to book?
Not at this time. Could I just get the phone number?|Their phone number is 01223337766. Do you need assistance with anything else?
Is that restaurant in the Centre?|Yes, restaurant one seven is located in the centre.
Perfect, could you just tell me their phone number?|The phone number is 01223337766
I also need a train from Ely to Cambridge on Tuesday to arrive by 12:30.|TR3412 leaves at 11:35 and arrives at 11:52. Will this one work for you?
Yes please book it for 8 people|I will work on booking this and be right back with you.
I need it for 8, as I said. Do you have the reference number?|Your reference number is T790DS3O and the total fee is 35.2 GBP, which is payable at the station.
Actually, I need to change my reservation. I need the train to arrive by 11:30 instead.|We will have to start over now.
Yes, sorry.  Tuesday, leaving Ely and getting to Cambridge by 11:30.|Your updated train is now TR4669. Your new reference number is 2T4NNGG9. The total fee remains the same. The train departs at 09:35 and arrives at 09:52. Anything else?
No, that should be all. thank you very much.|you are welcome any time
Okay, well I suppose this is goodbye then.|Thank you for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Goodbye
I am looking for an Italian restaurant in the centre of town.|Absolutely. What price range are you looking for?
I don't really care.|stazione restaurant and coffee bar is an italian restaurant in the centre area. would you like me to make you a reservation?
Yes please, four people on tuesday at 18:00|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : DL0PXR9G. May I help with anything else ?
Can you tell me if you happen to have any nightclubs in town?|yes we have 5 all in the centre of town.
Great.  Can I get the information about one of them?|Sure the Ballare costs 5 pounds to get in and is located in the center at Heidelberg Gardens, Lion Yard.
What is the postcode for that one?|The postcode for the Ballare is cb23na. Would you like any other information?
I also need a taxi.|For the reservation of the taxi, can you tell me your pickup and drop off locations?
Yes Ely to Cambridge please. Thanks|You want a train from Ely to Cambridge, is this right? I also need a travel date and departure or arrival time.
I'm sorry, there's someone talking here and getting me turned around. I'd like a taxi from the nightclub to the restaurant, early enough to make my reservation.|i have booked a yellow volvo with contact 07259480629
that is it for today thanks.|You are welcome. Have a marvelous time in Cambridge. Thank you for reaching out to Cambridge TownInfo centre. Goodbye.
Hi, I want a French restaurant in the expensive price range.|Cote is a French restaurant in the city centre and is in the expensive price range.
Could you please find me a different restaurant?|Another option is Restaurant Two Two. Would you like more information on that restaurant?
What is the phone number and postcode?|the phone is 	 01223 351880 and the postcode is C.B 4, 3 A.X
Thank you goodbye.|Enjoy your meal.  Goodbye.
Bye.|Thank you and have a great day!
I'm looking for a four star place to stay.|I'd love to help you out there. What price range or area are you looking for?
Expensive would be good. And I prefer the west part of town.|The Huntington Marriott Hotel is located in the west part of town and is a 4 star rating.
Does it have free parking and what is the price rage?|It's in the expensive price range and yes, there is free parking there.
Could you give me the phone number for that hotel?|Their phone number is 01480446000. Can I help you with anything else today?
Yes, can you help me find a place to dine that is in the same area as the hotel?|Sure thing, here is a place saint johns chop house.
Is it an expensive restaurant? I'll need the address, postcode and phone number|I am sorry I was clearly misinformed. How about graffiti? They are in the west phone is 012232477977 & postcode is cb30lx.
May I have the address as well please?|Yes, their address is Hotel Felix Whitehouse Lane Huntingdon Road.
Ok thank you. That's all I needed, bye now.|Thank you for contacting us and have a nice day.
I am looking for an expensive Danish place.|Are you looking for a Danish restaurant?
Yes please.  In the centre of town.|I am sorry I have no listings for that type of restaurant, is there any other type of food you would like?
Is there an expensive chinese restaurant in the centre?|Yes I was able to locate 4. Can I book a table for you?
Yes please,for tonight at 9 PM if possible.|I will make a booking for you at hk fusion, but I do need to know what day and time you prefer, and for how many people.
For four, Thursday, 11:45.|Booking unsuccessful. Would you like to try another restaurant?
Yes please in the same area and price range.|Booked at ugly duckling. Reference number: EQFGNMFY. Table will be held for 15 minutes.
Thanks so much!|Is there anything else that I can book for you or assist you with for your upcoming trip?
That was all I needed today thank you!|Thank you have a good day.
I am looking for a restaurant in the moderate price range that serves Indian food.|do you have a preference as to what part of town?
I don't care.|Curry prince is an indian restaurant, in the moderate price range and in the east. Do you want the address and phone number?
Indian food|Rajmahal is an Indian restaurant in the east part of town and in the moderate price range.   How does that sound?
May I have the phone number?|The phone number is 01223 244955.  Is there anything else I can help you with?
No. Thank you.|You're welcome.
Hi there. Can you help me find a train schedule? I need to travel on Saturday.|Yes there are several trains leaving Saturday. Do you have a particular destination or departure time?
Yes, I'd like the train to leave after 08:30 and I'm going to Cambridge from London Kings Cross.|We have several options open to you, do you have a particular time you want to arrive by?
I'd like to leave after 08:30. don't really care about the arrival time|How about the one immediately after, at 09:17?
Sounds perfect.  Can you give the details for that train?|Train TR4824 departs from London Kings cross at 6:17 and arrives in cambridge at 10:08. Would you like to reserve this?
How much will it cost?|It is 18.88 pounds per ticket
Okay, thanks. I'm also looking for a particular restaurant called the cow pizza kitchen and bar.|That's a great restaurant. They serve gastropub food and are located in the centre of town. They are moderately priced. Would you like to reserve a table?
Yes. Can you book a table for 5 people at 13:45 on the same day? I would also like the reference number.|Absolutely!  Your booking was successful and the reference number is SFAS5FEQ.  Is there anything else I can help you with?
That is all I need for today. Thank you for all your help.|It's been my pleasure. Have a great evening. Goodbye.
I would like a restaurant that serves world food|Im sorry, there are no restaurants that serve world food. Can I help you with something else?
How about portuguese food?|Nandos serves Portuguese and is located in the south part of town and is in the cheap price range.
What is the phone number and address?|The phone number is 01223 327908, and the address is Cambridge Leisure Park Clifton Way. May I help you with anything else?
Thank you goodbye.|Goodbye.
Hi, I want a place to eat in the town centre.|Is there a specific price range or type of food you would like?
expensive and european food please ?|I would recommend Eraina, located on Free Lane City Centre.
Yes, I would like that choice. Can you book me a table for 5 people?|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Reference number is : 65F65VJP.
Can you also give me information regarding a hotel called the bridge guest house?|I'd be happy to. It is a 3 star, moderate price range guesthouse located in the south part of town. Would you like to reserve a room?
Yes please book for the same group of people and 2 nights starting from the same day.|Sorry, which day was that for?
Saturday, please. Sorry, I don't know how I forgot that information!|Done! Your reference number is E8KMB5OZ. Can I help you with anything else?
I will need a taxi between the two places in time for the restaurant reservation.  (Though, oddly enough, you didn't even ask about that when you made the rez..)|Yes that is odd. What time did you need that booked for? It looks like it was booked with no day or time..
I need the taxi to get me to the restaurant by the booked time|what time do you want to leave?
I would like to leave at 16:00 to ensure I make the restaurant on time.  Please provide me with a contact number and the car type.|Booking completed!
Booked car type	:	red skoda
Contact number	:	07228054313
Can you please confirm that the restaurant is booked for Saturday at 17:00?|The booking was already done.
Okay, I'm all set then. Thank you so much.|You are most welcome. Have a great day.
I am looking for a restaurant. The restaurant should serve asian oriental food and should be in the centre|Okay. What price range would you like?
It should be in the cheap price range.|The dojo noodle bar is at 40210 Millers Yard City Centre and meets your criteria. What time would you like to book?
I'd like to book a table for 1 at 12 on Tuesday.|OK, I will make you a reservation for 12:00 Tuesday for 1.  Anything else I can help with?
Yes, I'll need the reference number of my reservation.|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : 0C4KYZ3K.
Thanks, that's all I need. Good bye.|You're welcome! Have a great day and enjoy your meal!
I would like an expensive Romanian restaurant, please.|There are no restaurants serving Romanian food.
How about korean food?|Little Seoul is an expensive restaurant that serves Korean food.
What area is this in?|Little Seoul is located in the centre of town. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Can I have the address please|little seoul is at 108 Regent Street City Centre
Can you find me a moderately priced chinese restaurant please|Certainly! There are 4; 3 in city centre, and 1 in the north. Do either of these areas look good?
Yes, the one in the north does.|I have the golden wok phone 01223350688 postcode cb43hl.  It is located in the north and a moderate price. Should I book this for you?
Yes please - could you make a reservation for 4 people at 12:15 on Saturday?|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : YI8BKDR2. Is there anything else I can do for you?
Yes are there any parks in the same area as the restaurant?|Yes there is 1 park in the same area. It is Milton County Park. WOuld you like more information?
Yes could I please get the phone number.|Phone is 01223420060. Do you need anything else?
Yes, I would like a taxi to go from the two places and make sure it arrives to the restaurant by the booked time.|Okay, I've got you booked with a grey Lexus.
Can I please get the taxi company's contact phone number?|Their number is 07607417770, is there anything else I can do?
That is everything, thank you.|Thank you for contacting Cambridge TownInfo centre. Goodbye!
Hi, can you fill me in on some details about a place called jesus green outdoor pool, please?|It's a swimming pool in the North. Phone # is 01223302579 and it's between victoria road and the river. Anything else I can help you with?
That is the full address that you mentioned?|Sure.  The address showing is between victoria road and the river.  Again, their phone number is 0122330257.  Can I help with anything else?
Yes I'd like some info on a place to eat in the centre.|There are many to choose from! Did you have a type of food or price range in mind? I like Shanghai Family Restaurant, myself. It's a moderately-priced Chinese restaurant.
I'd like an expensive world food restaurant.|I am not showing an expensive world restaurant in the centre.  Would you like to try other areas?
How about one that serves gastropub food instead?|I have two places in the Centre fitting that criteria.
Is it expensive?|Yes, both of the gastropubs in the center of town are expensive. I recommend the BackStreet Bistro.
That sounds good.  Can you book it for 4 at 12:15 on Friday, please?|I was able to book it reference number is T2VZ7MJU
Great!  I also need a taxi to commute between the swimming pool and the restaurant, please.|You are welcome! Please call us back if you need anything further.
I would like a restaurant in the east part of town that serves indonesian food|I don't see any Indonesian restaurants at all.  Would you like me to look for a different type of restaurant in the east?
How about a Chinese restaurant in the north?|There are three Chinese restaurants in the north. Are you looking for a specific price range?
I'm sorry I meant a Chinese restaurant in the east. Any price range is OK.|How about Yu Garden. It is in the east part of town and serves Chinese food.
Okay, may I have the address, phone number and post code please?|The address is 529 Newmarket Road Fen Ditton, the postcode is C.B 5, 8 P.A and the phone number is 01223 248882.
Thank you, goodbye.|Good bye
I need a train to leave cambridge and arrive by 19:00|sure, what is your destination?
My destination is going to be stansted airport|What day will you be traveling?
I should leave on Thursday.|Okay, the 17:40 train arriving at 18:08 will get you to the airport a little early.
Great. Can you book me 7 seats on that train?|Here is your reference number IVUVQUHJ and the total fee is 70.7 GBP. Is their anything else I can help you with?
I also want to eat Modern European in the south.|restaurant alimentum is the place for you! Do you need a reservation?
Yes, please, make it for the same group (7 people), 10:00 on the same day.|Your booking has been made at Restaurant Alimentum for Thursday at 10:00.  Reference number is 1U8QWEDC.
Thanks for the help! Goodbye.|Have a great trip!  I hope you enjoy your trip!
Are there any cheap restaurants in the centre that I can try?|Yes, there are many. What type of cuisine are you interested in?
can you suggest one, I am not picky, just need the type and address|Sure!  The Golden House is a Chinese restaurant that's located at 12 Lensfield Road, City Centre.  Would you like a table reserved?
No thank you.  I need to find a train leaving Cambridge after 16:30.|I have 5 different trains leaving Cambridge on Friday evening, which destination do you prefer: kings cross or liverpool street?
I actually need to go to stevenage.|What day do you need to leave?
I would like to leave on Tuesday, please.|There are trains leaving Cambridge every two hours starting at 17:21 and arriving in Stevanage one hour later. Which time do you prefer?
17:21 sounds fine. Please make a booking for 1 person and let me know the reference number.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 12.8 GBP payable at the station. Reference number is : L9DAX54Q.  Can I help you with anything else today?
Thank you goodbye|You're very welcome. Good-bye.
I am looking for a moderately priced restaurant in the north part of town. I would also like the address and phone number.|There is an Indian and a Chinese restaurant that are both moderately priced in the north area.  Would you like the address and phone for one of those?
Yes, I would like the address and phone number for each.|The Golden Wok is located at 191 Histon Road Chesterton , and there address is 01223 350688.  The Nirala is located at 7 Milton Road Chesterton, and their phone number is  01223 360966. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Thank You|You're welcome.
Can you find me an expensive restaurant in the centre?|There are 33 restaurants in the Centre.  What kind of food are you looking for? Or is there a certain price range that you need?
I am looking for an expensive restaurant that serves Indian food.|Yes I have the Curry Garden at 106 Regent Street City Centre. Would you like their telephone number?
I would actually like to book it for 6 people at 13:45 on Sunday.|That booking was unsuccessful. Would you like to try a different day or time?
Can you try to book for 6 at 12:45 instead? And if it is availabe, can I get a reference number for my booking?|The booking was successful. The reference number is W3EIFXN1. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Could you tell me about a place to go in town, maybe a college?|There are 5 colleges in my search. Is there a specific area you want it to be in?
There is not. Can you give me the address for one of the colleges? Also I would like to know which area it is in.|christ's college is in the centre of town at saint andrew's street
That sounds good.  What's the address?|Hold on while I look up the address for Christ's College.
Thank you. Please tell me the area and address of Christ's College.|It is the centre and the address is saint andrew's street.
Great thank you for all your help, that's all I needed today.|You're welcome. Have a nice evening.
Can you recommend a restaurant in the center of Cambridge that has moderate prices?|Sure thing but first can you tell me what kind of food you like?
I would like Italian food.|Pizza Express in the centre, would you like me to make you a reservation?
No thank you. I just need the post code for now.|cb21db. Is there anything else?
Yes,  I would like some places to visit while I'm in town. Perhaps something in the same area as the restaurant.|May I suggest the Castle Galleries, it's a museum also in the centre area. Admission is free.
Can I get their phone number please?|There number is 01223307402
I also need to book a taxi to get from the restaurant to the museum. I plan on leaving the restaurant by 14:00.|How many people in the taxi?
It is just me by myself|Your taxi has been booked. It will be a red Skoda and their contact number is 07842186730.
Thanks so much! That is all I need. Have a good day!|Thank you have a great day!
i need a place to stay|Sure, do you have an area you want to stay in?
Yes, I would like to stay in the north.  I need free wifi.  I'd like to stay in a moderately priced guesthouse please.|How about kirkwood house? They are located at 172 chesterton road.
That should work. Can you reserve enough space for 8 people starting on Monday, for five nights?|Okay, your booking as complete! Your reference number is LQ3H9RZR. Can I be of any further help?
I would like to book a place to dine as well.|I can help with that. Is there a certain type of cuisine or price range you are interested in?
I do not have a preference on the type of food but it does need to be near the hotel.|There are 9 restaurants in the north. I recommend hakka.
Is hakka moderately priced?|Hakka is an expensive restaurant. Would you like to book it or locate a different restaurant?
I want somewhere in the same price range as my hotel actually. And I don't care about food type but I want to know what kind of food it is|There is The Nirala, a moderately priced restaurant at 7 Milton Road Chesterton.
Is that in the North area?|Yes it is in the North and it serves Indian food. I also found Golden Wok in the North serving Chinese food. Which would you prefer?
Can you suggest one, no wait, Chinese sounds wonderful! I love refried rice!|You will love the golden wok then, would you like more information or a booking?
No booking needed today. In fact, I'm all set. Thanks for your help - goodbye!|You're welcome. I am happy you've enjoyed using our services. Bye for now.
I'm looking for a restaurant in the center of town that serves european food.|There are several that suit your needs. Any preferences on price range?
Moderate price range, please.|The 4 matching restaurants are "hotel du vin and bistro," "galleria," "de luca cucina and bar," and "riverside brasserie."
Perfect! Can you please book a table for 3 people at Galleria for me on Monday at 16:30?|Booking was unsuccessful. Would you like to book another day or time slot? Or perhaps another of the restaurant choices for the same booking information?
Let's try for 15:30 and can I get a reference number please?|Ok. That worked. It is booked and your reference number is QBVP0ZV2.
Great! I also need a guesthouse with free wifi. Something moderately priced, and I don't care about parking.|There are fourteen different options for your guesthouse. Is there a specific area you would like to be in? How about the star rating?
I don't have any preference. Could you just pick something and book 5 nights for 3 people beginning on Monday?|Let's go with acorn guest house. Unfortunately, that booking was unsuccessful. Want me to try something else?
Instead of 3 nights how about two nights?|There seems to be an error. Can you please restate your preferred number of nights, the day you'll arrive, and the number in your party?
Certainly. Two nights, three people, and I'll need that room starting Monday.|Great! Your booking was successful. The reference number is TWU9EM7U. Do you need help with anything else?
I don't. Thanks so much.|You're welcome!  You have a great day!
i am looking for a place to dine. The restaurant should be in the west and should serve swiss food.|I'm sorry, but there are no Swiss restaurants anywhere in Cambridge. Would you like to try a different cuisine?
No, thank you. That's disappointing.|Are you sure? We have many fine restaurants in town!
On second thought, how about a restaurant that serves british cuisine?|There are 3 restaurants on the west side that serve British food. Do you prefer moderate or expensive priced?
Expensive, please, we're splashing out for my mother's birthday.|I've heard good things about Grafitti at Hotel Felix Whitehouse Lane Huntingdon Road. Would you like to book a reservation?
Yes for 5 at 16:00 on Monday.|Your reservation for a party of 5 at graffiti this monday at 16:00 was successful. Your Reference number is : YV3OG0N3.
Great!  Also, I'm looking for a place called the soul tree nightclub.  I need to get their phone number.|Soul Tree nightclub number is 01223477900. Will there be anything else I can help you with today?
No that was all I needed thank you.|Okay great! Have a great day!
I'm looking for a hotel in the north.|There are two options, Ashley hotel and Lovell lodge, both are two stars and moderately pricing, would you like me to check for bookings?
Are either of those in the north? it should have free parking too|They are both in the north, and have free wifi. Would you like to make a reservation at either of them?
Do either have free parking?|They both offer parking.
Is either one a guesthouse?|I am sorry but they are both hotels. Would you like a reservation?
May I have you check one more time to make sure there are not any moderate priced guesthouses in the north that include parking. I'd much rather stay in a guesthouse.|There must have been a glitch in my system. I am showing 7 moderately priced guesthouses in the north that have free parking. Are there any other amenities you require?
Can you please recommend one and book me a room for 6.|I would recommend Acorn Guest House. What day will you be arriving and how many nights would you like to stay?
it will be for wednesday for 6 people, 4 nights.|Okay, I have that booked for you. Reference number is WZYCQL4O
I need a place to dine as well, chinese food same area as the hotel.|Any price range preferred?
Same general price range as the hotel please.|I recommend the Golden Wok at 191 Histon Road, Chesterton.  Can I reserve a table for you?
No thanks, what's the postcode though?|The post code is cb43hl. Can I get you any other information?
Yes can you help with a taxi?|Certainly.  What will be you departure and arrival sites and times?
I would like to leave the restaurant by 19:15. I will need the contact number and car type as well.|I have you riding fancy in a blue honda, you can reach them at 07390748168. How else can I help?
.
That was all I needed.|Thank you for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Have a great day.
Can you help me book a 1 star hotel that has free parking please?|I am sorry there are no 1 star hotels in any area,can I get a price range and area please?
Let me think about that. What are some good local restaurants?|There are over 100 restaurants in the city. Do you have a certain type of food in mind?
No, I don't. Surprise me!|Sure! Bedouin is african food located in the centre. Would that do?
Let me think about that. Can you help me book a 4 star hotel?|Yes I found 4 star hotel,do you want me to make reservation?
Do they have internet access and can you tell me their price range and postcode?|Yes, the University Arms Hotel has internet access. It is expensive, and its postcode is cb21ad. Would you like to book it?
No, that's ok. I am also looking for a restaurant that serves indian food in the cheap price range.|May I recommend the gandhi in the centre? It fits your criteria.
That sounds good. Can you book me a table for 5 at 12 on Thursday?|I'm sorry, they don't have tables available. Would you like to try another day or time?
Is there another restaurant in the area?|Kohinoor is in the centre and serves Indian food. Would you like me to make a reservation?
Yes. I'd like to reserve a table for 5 on Thursday at 12:00.|I'm sorry they are booked would you like to try another time?
Are you sure there isn't an indian restaurant available on Thursday at 12:00 in the centre? Would you double check that for me again?|I was able to book kohinoor, reference number is T8TBNX3R.
I would like to get a taxi between the hotel and the restaurant.|What time would you like me to schedule the taxi for?
Arrival by the booked time at the restaurant.|Ok your all set! A yellow BMW will be picking you up a few minutes before your reservation at the restaurant. Contact number is 07785034458. Anything else?
No that will be all thank you|You're welcome. Have a great day.
I am planning a trip in Cambridge|great, what would you like to know?
Are there any expensive restaurants in the south?|There are five expensive restaurants in the south. Would you like Mexican, Italian, Indian, or Chinese food?
italian food willl do|Frankie and bennys is available, would you like to book it?
Yea, please book me for 8 people on wednesday at 14:30.|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.Reference number is : 1E5RVHJE.is there any other way i can help you?
I also need a train.|What time and where are you departing and arriving?
I would like it to leave after 10:00.|There are 2058 trains to pick from. I'll need to know your departure and destination locations
I'll be leaving Cambridge going to Ely, I'd like to leave after 10:00.|There is one that leaves at 11:50 arriving at 12:07. Would that work for you?
It does and could you please book it for 15 people and could you also give me the reference number?|Unfortunately, I am unable to book at this time.
Sorry I actually need that for 8 people on Thursday.|You are all set, the reference number is OY6PZ53J cost is 35.2 GBP payable at the station .  Any other questions today?
Nope you've been wonderful, thanks for all the help.|Thank you for the call, have a great trip.
I am looking for a restaurant in Cambridge that serves south indian food.|I am sorry there are no restaurants in the are that match that description.
What kind of moderately-priced restaurants are there in the center of town, then?|We've got 21 moderately-priced restaurants in the centre. There are Asian Oriental, British, Chinese, European, Gastropub, International, Italian, Lebanese, Modern European, Spanish, and Turkish options. Do any of those interest you?
Good. I would like to try Asian Oriental then.|The Yippee noodle bar meets your criteria. Would you like me to book that for you?
No thanks.  How about a moderately priced modern European restaurant?|Hotel Du Vin and Bistro serves European food and is moderately priced. Does this sound good to you?
Yes, thank you. Will you please make a reservation at the restaurant for 3 people on Saturday at 15:15 and provide me with the reference number?|Sure thing! Your table is booked, and your reference number is SQ8N4IJX. Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
Yes please, could you find a hotel that offers free wifi in the same part of town as the restaurant?|There are 5 options that fit your criteria.  Do you have a price range in mind or any other specifications?
No. I just need it to be for three people, for three nights.|I am showing a total of five results that match your criteria.  May I suggest the four star Alexander Bed and Breakfast, located at 56 Saint Barnabas Road?
Actually, I need it to be a hotel, not a bed and breakfast.|What about the Gonville Hotel? It is an expensive hotel in the centre of town.
That sounds good can you book it for 3 nights for 3 people on saturday?|Your booking is complete, reference number is AEDKGYBD. Anything else I can help you with?
I'm also looking for a taxi that arrives at the booked time of the restaurant.|Alright, I have a cab booked for you from the Gonville Hotel arriving at Hotel Du Vin and Bistro by 15:15. Anything else I can do for you?
Could I please get the car type and contact number of the taxi?|The car is a black audi and the contact number is 07306125704. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No, I think that's all. You have been very helpful.|It has been my pleasure. Have a nice day.
Hello, I am looking for a certain hotel in Cambridge called the autumn house.|The Autumn House is located at 710 Newmarket Road. Would you like for me to book this for you?
Yes, for 5 nights beginning Wednesday for 1 guest please.|I was unable to book, could you please choose another day or pick a shorter stay.
How about 4 nights instead of 5?|Ok. I was able to book for 4 nights. Your reference is DTUFTTJP. Can I help with anything else?
I am also looking for information about a restaurant called Zizzi Cambridge.|Zizzi Cambridge serves Italian food and is cheap. The phone number is 01223365599, or should I book a table for you?
Can you please repeat the phone number and provide the address. Thank you.|The phone number is 01223365599 and zizzi cambridge is located at 47-53 Regent Street postcode cb21ab. Can I help you with anything else?
No, I think that's all I need right now. Thanks very much for your help!|Happy to be of service. Have a wonderful day!
I am looking a train arriving by 17:45 that leaves on Friday.|sure, what is your destination?
Leaving cambridge and going to norwich.|TR7747 leaves cambridge on friday and arrives in norwich at 16:55. Would you like me to book it for you?
Yes, book for three people, please.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 52.8 GBP payable at the station .
Reference number is : 8MRK0X44.
Thank you so much. I appreciate it. Can you also help me find a British restaurant in the centre of town?|i have 7 british restaurants in the centre of town. which price range would you prefer?
expensive price range will be good|How about midsummer house restaurant?
That sounds good. What is their postcode and what is their phone number?|Postcode is cb41ha and phone number is 01223369299. Would you like for me to make a reservation for you?
Thank you, that will be all.|I hope you enjoy your dinner.
Where can I eat in the centre for a moderate price?|How many people will be dining and what kind of cuisine would interest you?
3 people are dining and I don't care about the food.|The Yippee Noodle Bar is located at 40428 King Street City Centre and has a moderate price range. What day and time would you like to dine?
I would like to book a table for 3 at 16:45 on Friday, please.|I'm sorry, but something seems to be wrong here. Can you please restate your requirements?
Just a moderately priced restaurant in the centre of town, Yippee Noodle Bar sounds good. If 16:15 doesn't work, I can change to 15:15.|I have a table for three booked for you at Yippee Noodle Bar on Friday at 15:15. The reference number is AFJU1TW5. Can I help you with anything else?
I need a train that goes from Cambridge to Leicester and leaves after 11:15 on Saturday|I booked 1 ticket for you on TR1165 and it leaves at 11:21. 30.24 GBP is payable at the station & your reference number is ORY3NAL2. Anything else today?
That is all, thank you very much.|Thank you for using this system!
I need to find a place to eat in the centre of town.|we have over 60 restaurants listed. May I get the type of food you may be looking for?
I am looking for a expensive restaurant in the centre that serves thai food.|Bangkok City matches your critera! Their phone number is 01223354382. Do you need me to book a reservation?
Yes, thank you.  Can I also get the postcode and address for Bangkok City?|Bangkok City is located at 24 Green Street City Centre and the postcode is cb23jx.  May I book it for you?
I'll just drop in, thanks. I also want to see a multiple sports complex in the same area. Are there any nearby?|There are no multiple sports complexes in the same area but there is one in the east. Would you like more information?
What is the address, entrance fee, and postcode?|The cherry hinton village centre is located at colville road, cherry hinton postcode cb19ej. I'm sorry but our system does not have information on what the fee to enter is.
May I get the phone number then to contact them?|The phone number is 01223576412. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No that is all the info I need thanks.|Well, you're welcome then!  Have a great day!
Yes, I am hoping to find some information about Cambridge for an upcoming visit.|I can help you with that! What area of information are you looking to find?
I want to visit Pembroke College. Can you tell me the phone number and what type of attraction it is?|Sure, I'd be happy to provide that information to you. The phone number is 01223338100 and it is a college type of attraction.  Anything else you need today?
I am looking for a restaurant in the west part of town in the moderate price range.|I have 3 choices for you. The first serves british food, the second serves indian cuisine, and the third is an italian place. Which would you prefer?
Italian sounds good. Could I have the postcode and name of that restaurant?|Sure! The post code is cb30af and it's called Prezzo.
Perfect, I also need to book a taxi to leave by 09:45 please.|Okay, no problem, I'd just need to get where you're going, and where you'd like to be picked up.
I want to go from the restaurant Prezzo by 9:45 to Pembroke college.|I have that set for you.  You will be picked up by a black BMW and the contact number is 07569312325.
Good, that works for me.|Is there anything else you need?
No, that is it. Thank you, goodbye.|you are welcome. it has been a pleasure talking to you.
I'm looking for a moderately priced restaurant in the Cambridge city centre.|There are many moderately priced restaurants in the city centre. Is there a type of cuisine you would like to try?
Yes I am interested in British food.|There are four great restaurants that match your criteria. I highly recommend the copper kettle located at 4 Kings Parade City Centre. Would you like me to book a table?
What is the phone number and postcode there?|You can reach The Copper Kettle at 01223365068. Their postcode is cb21sj. Is there anything more I can help with today?
I am looking for something to do in the centre area of town. I was thinking maybe a nightclub.|There are 5 nighclubs in the Centre. May I suggest The Fez Club?
That sounds great, can I please get the phone number and postcode?|Their phone number is  01223519224 and postcode is cb23hx.  Is there anything else I can help you with?
I'll also need a taxi. It should leave The Fez by 1:00. Please include the contact number and car type.|Where are you going? I can help you book a taxi once you give me your destination
I'm traveling between the restaurant and nightclub. I need to leave the nightclub by 1:00.|I have booked that taxi look for a yellow honda. The contact number is 07354152897.
Have a nice day.|Have a nice day.
Hello, I'm looking for a modern european restaurant in the center.|Is there a particular price range that you would prefer?
Maybe something in the moderate range.|We have two such restarants, de luca cucina and bar on Regent Street, and riverside brasserie on Mill Lane. Do you have a preference?
Can you book 2 people at 19:30 on friday for Riverside brasserie. Can I get a reference number? Thank you.|Sure thing, your reservation number is 3BADCF9I. Anything else I can help with today?
That actually takes care of all my needs! Thanks a ton!|Great, enjoy your dinner and have a nice day.  Thank you!
I was hoping that you could find a restaurant for me.|What type of food do you want?
I need the address and phone number of a restaurant in the center of town that serves Turkish food. Thanks.|There are 3 choices, 2 moderately priced and 1 expensive. Do you have a preference?
The moderately priced one sounds good can you give me the address and phone number?  Can you also find me a hotel with free wifi and 3 stars.|Anatolia, 30 Bridge Street cb21uj, phone number 01223362372. Gonville Hotel is 3 stars and has free wifii. Would you like a reservation?
Yes and I need the reference number thank you|I need a day that you will be arriving for the hotel reservation.
Nevermind, I won't be needing that reservation after all. Thank you!|No worries.  Is there anything else I can help you with today?
May I please have the postcode, address, and hotel type?|Sure! It is a hotel and is located on Gonville Place with the postcode CB11LY.
Thank you so much.|You are very welcome. Are you sure there is nothing else I can assist you with today?
Thank you, I'll let you know if I need anything else.|Have a nice day.
I am planning a trip in Cambridge, Looking for a place to dine|You have come to the right place!  What kind of food do you like?
Nothern European food, please|I was unable to find any northern european restaurants
Ok.  How about just european?  Any luck there?|what is your price range to narrow down our choices?
I would like to find a expensive one please.|I have five restaurants that offer european foods, 3 at the center, 1 on west and that other one on the north. Which are do you prefer?
Whichever you recommend. Can I have the phone number, postcode, and address, please?|I recommend the Eraina. The address is on Free School Lane City Centre, cb23rh. The phone number is 01223368786
Okay. I;m looking for a train that departs from cambridge on tuesday and arrives by 08:00 in london kings cross.|I recommend TR3343.  It leaves Cambridge at 07:00 and arrives in London Kings Cross by 7:51.  Will that work for you? I can reserve a spot?
Yes please reserve a spot and give me the reference number after.|How many tickets will you need?
I will need two tickets.|I have booked you 2 tickets.
What is the booking reference number?|The reference number is NMEZYUQT. Can I help you with anything else?
No, thank you for your help today|You're very welcome! Bye now!
I want to find a place serving spanish food in the centre of town.|I have listings for two. What price range are you looking for?
Is one of them cheap?|Yes, La Raza is a cheap priced Spanish restaurant in the centre. Would you like me to make a reservation for you?
Yes, please make a reservation for Thursday at 16:15. There will be 7 of us.|I was unable to book this restaurant. would you like to try another one?
Could you please check for a different restaurant in the same area and pricerange.|Yes I will look for different restaurant.
Were you able to find anything?|We do not have another Spanish restaurant. Would you like chinese or italian perhaps?
Can you look for chinese restaurants please.|I have 3, charlie chan, rice house or golden house. Would you like me to book one for you today?
Okay yes pick one, perhaps the Golden House.|The booking was successful. Your reference number is C3NR2DW2. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No, that's all I needed. Have a nice day.|Okay. Glad I could help. Enjoy your dining experience.
Thanks so much. Have a great day!|Thank you for using our service, and enjoy your time in Cambridge!
I'm looking for a restaurant. The restaurant should be in the centre and should be in the cheap price range.|I have 2 asian oriental and 3 chinese places that fit your requirements. Do you have a preference?
Are there any italian ones?|There are 3 cheap italian restaurants in the centre, including a Pizza hut. Do you have any preferences?
No, I don't have any preferences. The Pizza Hut sounds good, can I get their phone number and postcode?|Sure, they can be reached at 01223323737 and are in the cb21ab postcode.  Anything else I can help you with today?
Nope, that's all I need for now. Thanks for your help.|Okay, thank you for calling the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Have a great day.
Can you tell me if there are any museums in the west part of town?|There are 7 museums in the west part of town. All but one are free to enter. Do you have any further criteria?
It needs to be in the west.|Would you like to visit cafe jello gallery? It is in the west with free entrance.
Sure thing, may I have their phone number?|Their phone number is 01223312112
I also need a seafood restaurant that is in that same area|Sorry, looks like there are no restaurants in the area with those requirements.
How about an expensive restaurant in the west serving European food?|The Cambridge lodge restaurant fits all your criteria. Can I book a reservation for you?
Yes, I would like reservations for four for seven o'clock tomorrow evening.|I'm sorry that booking was unsuccessful, would you like to try another time or another day?
Actually can I get reservations for 7 at 20:00 on Friday?|No problem. I have you booked on Friday at 20:00 for 7. Anything else I can help you with?
Could I get the reference number for that booking please.|Your reference number for the restaurant reservation is QT2C8PNF. Can I help you with anything else?
Yes. I would like a taxi to take me to the restaurant by my reservation time.|Will you be heading to the restaurant directly from Cafe Jello Gallery?
Yes, please. Do you have their phone number?|Booking for your taxi was successful. The contact number is 07760432022 and the care will be a white volvo.
Thank you very much. That's all I'll need today!|Ok then. Goodbye.
I'm looking for a moderate price hotel in the north part of town.|I found 11 moderately priced hotels on the north side.  Is there a star rating you would prefer?  What about parking or internet?
I don't care about star rating so much, but it the hotel needs to include free wifi.|There are 10 hotels which match your requirements. Do you need parking?
Yes I need parking.|How about the acorn guest house? It has parking and wifi.
That will work. What is the phone number, address, and star rating for the hotel?|Sure, the phone number is 01223353888, the address is 154 Chesterton Road, and it has a 4 star rating.
Thanks. I'm also looking for a restaurant in the same price range as the hotel can you help me out?|How about the the nirala? They are moderate price range and are in the north.
Is there one that serves fusion food and if they don't, is there any that serve indian food?|I don't have fusion, but the nirala serves indian food in the north area, and is moderate priced.
That sounds good. I need a table for two at 16:00 on Thursday.|Okay, I have that booked for you, Thursday at 16:00 for two people. Here is your reference number: W7R9KEYJ. They will hold your table for 15 minutes.
Wonderful, thanks. Can you also help me find a taxi that can take me from the restaurant to my hotel?|I have booked a black honda for you that will arrive at 18:00. Please call 07851425026 if you need to adjust the pick up time. Do you need anything else?
Yes, I actually need to arrive by 16:00 at the restaurant so the 18:00 will not work.|Do you want to go from the restaurant to the hotel, or from the hotel to the restaurant? Your restaurant reservation is at 16:00.
From the hotel to the restaurant, please.|I have booked you a grey BMW from Acorn Guesthouse to Nirala in time for your reservation at 16:00.  Contact number is 00273193767.  Is there anything else I can help you with?
Great thank you very much that's all the info I need.|Great. Thank you for contacting Cambridge Towninfo Centre.
I'd like to find a restaurant that offers Asian Oriental cuisine, in the centre, if possible.|Definitely! I have places from cheap to expensive, though my favorite is Yippee Noodle Bar, which is moderately-priced.
I would like Yippee.|I'd be happy to make a reservation for you.  What day/time will you be dining, and how many are in your party?
Monday, 19:00, for 6 people.|I have successfully reserved a table for your party of 6 at the Yippee Noodle Bar for Monday at 19:00. Your reference number is XSQHK9YG
Great, I also need a hotel room if you can help me find something.|Sure. We have several places ready to book. Which part of town would you like?
The west please.|There are 4 in that area do you have a price range or type of hotel you prefer?
The hotel doesn't need to include internet. It should be in the same area as the restaurant.|I have 5 different options for you. They vary in price range. Did you have a certain price range in mind?
The price does not matter.   Please make a recommendation and book it for the same group of people and 4 nights starting from the same day.|OK, you are booked in Cityroomz as requested, the reference number is A1ZBLCZ3, any further questions?
no and thank you for your help|Ok, have a great day!
I want to go to a museum.|In which specific area of town are you interested?
I would like to stay in the centre area.|There are many wonderful museums; is there anything more specific? Art, gallery, archaeology that you want to see?
An art gallery would be wonderful.|How about Broughton House Gallery over in Centre, they are located at 98 King street and has no entrance fee.
Yes, that would be great. Can you also give me the phone number for that location?|The phone number is 01223314960.  Is there anything else I can do to assist you today?
Yes, I'm also looking for a chinese place to eat in the same area.|So ugly duckling is in the centrem it's pretty expensive and they don't have a phone number, but they're on 12 St. Johns Street City Centre.
Id like to make a reservation for 4 on sunday.|What time would you like that reservation?
At 18:30 please.|Done! The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Your reference number is 0E8ZWWQN. Can I help you with anything else?
Wait...it is expensive?  I was looking for a moderately priced place.|Yes, the price range is expensive. Did you want me to cancel it?
Oh God, yes. I want to eat at a moderately priced restaurant.|No worries, I found 3 Chinese restaurants that are priced moderately. I recommend the Jinling Noodle Bar. Would you like a reservation?
yes book for 4 people at 18:30 on sunday|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : LI8D2S6Y. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
No thanks.  Thank you for working with me on the second booking.   Have a great day.|You are very welcome. Enjoy your day. Bye.
I would like a train going to stansted airport.|From where will you be departing?
I am departing cambridge tuesday|I have several trains available.  What is your preferred time of departure and arrival?
I would like to leave after 20:15.|I have one leaving at 20:40 and arriving by 21:08. Only 10.10 pounds. Would you like to book?
Thank you. can also provide the train ID?|TR8238. Would you like to book it?
No thanks can you help me find an expensive restaurant in the centre?|There are 33 expensive restaurants in the centre. Is there a type of food you prefer?
I'm up for an adventure, can you pick a good one for me?|Of course. I would recommend the Cambridge Chop House. It serves British food. Would you like to book a table?
No but I would like the postcode and the phone number.|Phone number is 01223359506 and the postcode is cb21sj. Is there anything else?
That is all, thank you very much.|I am glad I can help and enjoy !
I'm interested in a place called restaurant one seven. What can you tell me about it?|Restaurant One Seven serves british food! It is moderately priced!
Awesome! Can you book a table for me? 4 people at 15:30 on Monday. Thanks!|Okay I have you booked there for Monday at 15:30 and your reference number is 0J39OJVT.
Great thank you! That's all I need.|It was my pleasure to help you. Please feel free to call us again in the future. Have a nice day.
I am looking for a restaurant. The restaurant should serve modern american food and should be in the centre|I'm sorry, we don't have any restaurants like that in the centre.
Do you have a similar restaurant that is close to centre?|I have the Gourmet Burger Kitchen, serving North American cuisine in the center of town.
Yes, I would like that.|Would you like me to book that for you? What day and time? How many people?
I'm sorry I misread that you said north american. If there's no modern american, then can you try italian instead?|Certainly. And you have 9 choices in Italian cuisine. Do you have a price range in mind?
Expensive italian will do.|I recommend the Caffe Uno.  They are located at 32 Bridge Street, Centre.  Would you like me to book it for you?
No thanks, I just need the phone number please.|The phone number is 01223448620. Is there anything else I can do for you today?
Yes, I'm also looking for a place to stay. I'd like it to be in the north and same price range as the restaurant.|Unfortunately, I don't show anything in the north that is expensive. Can I try another area or price range for you?
Is there anything in the moderate price range?|Yes, there are several places that meet that criteria. Do you have star preference or any other criteria?
Yes I would prefer a 4 star and would like for it to have free parking.|I have several options in the north meeting those requirements. Would you prefer a guesthouse or a hotel?
I have no preference. What do you recommend?|acorn guest house	is my favourite.
What area is that in again?|It is located in the north. They are moderately priced. They are 4 star rated and offer free internet and parking. Do you need me to book a room?
get me their phone number and hotel type|They are a guesthouse and the phone number is  	01223353888.
Thank you very much for your time.  Have a nice day!|You too, enjoy your stay.
Can you get me information on a attraction called emmanuel college?|Yes, it is a nice college in the city centre, located on Saint Andrew's Street.
Okay thank you.  That was all I needed to know.|Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Are there any good eastern European restaurants in the centre?|There are many places to dine Do you have any preferences ?
Do any of them serve eastern European food?|There are 8 restaurants in the centre that serve European food. If you want to go with something cheap, I would suggest the River Bar Steakhouse and Grill.
what about eastern european food?|I'm afraid not. Would you like to look for a different type of cuisine?
Chinese is always a good standby when in doubt, lets look for a chiense place.|There are several, do you have a price range in mind?
Moderately priced please.|Jinling Noodle bar is a great moderately priced chinese restaurant in the centre.  Would you like me to make reservations for you?
Yes please make that for 4 people at 15:00 on a Sunday.|Reference number is : JKLWFR30. Is there anything else?
Thank you, goodbye.|Your welcome.  Have a good day.
I'm looking for specific restaurant.|Do you know the name of this restaurant?
The Hakka restaurant is located at 24 Milton Road Cambridge Cambridgeshire CB4 1JY.  The average cost is approximately 30 per person.|Looks like you're doing my job for me! Did you want to know about the Hakka Restaurant then?
Maybe.  Anyway.  I also need a place to stay in the south area.|I found a 4 star moderately priced aylesbray lodge guest house located in the south. Would you like me to book reservations.
I'd like to stay in a guesthouse that offers free wifi.|What is your price range?
My price range is moderate.|Fourteen good choices for you, what part of town would you prefer?
North area please.|that narrows it down to 8 options. any other preferences?
No, but there will be 6 people in my party and we'd like to stay for 4 nights starting on Tuesday, if possible.|The Acorn guesthouse come highly recommended, shall I book a room for you there?
Yes, I need a booking for this tuesday please.|Great, I have booked a room at this hotel to your required specifications. Your booking was successful and your reference number is 468MRI75.
I would also like some Italian food in the area.|I'll be happy to help with that!  Da Vinci Pizzeria is located in the same area as the hotel.  Would you like to book a table?
I would like to be able to leave the restaurant by 13:00, can you book a table that allows us the time needed to eat.  I also need the address for the restaurant.|Do you want the reservations for 6 people on Tuesday? Also, does 11:30 sound good?
A reservation isn't necessary. Instead, please find me a taxi to get me there.|Where will the taxi be picking you up?
I want to leave the restaurant by 13:00 to go back to the hotel.|Great. I have booked your ride. The driver will be in a grey Honda. The contact number is 07036773772.
Thanks for all your help. That's all I needed today. Goodbye!|thank you and enjoy your stay in cambridge
I'm looking to dine at a restaurant in the centre that serves Austrian food. Can you help?|I'm sorry, there are no restaurants in the centre that serve austrian food, would you like to try another area?
That's ok, thank you for your help.|Is there anything further I can help you with today?
Do you have any restaurants that serve Mediterranean food?|There are three mediterranean places in the centre area, any price limitations?
I am looking for an expensive restaurant.|There are two la mimosa and shiraz restaurant, I recommend la mimosa would you like me to book it for you?
Can I just get the contact information for La Mimosa for right now?|No problem, the Phone number is 01223362525. Postal code is cb58aq, Address is Thompsons Lane Fen Ditton. Is there anything else i can help you with?
I also need a train that departs from Stansted airport after 09:15.|Will you be traveling to Cambridge on the train? And if so, what day would you like to travel?
Yep, headed to Cambridge on Tuesday.|There is a train leaving at 9:24 and arriving in Cambridge by 9:52. Would you like me to book that for you?
No, thank you. Can you tell me the Train ID, please?|Certainly. The train ID is TR1610. Is there anything else I can do for you?
That is all thanks.|Thank you for contacting us and have a ncie day.
I need to find a vietnamese restaurant in the moderate price range.|I'm sorry, we don't have anywhere that matches those criteria.  Is there something else I can find for you?
Can you try chinese?|I have four choices for Chinese restaurants. Three are in the center of town and one is in the north. Any preference?
I'm a pathological liar. I don't want Chinese. I actually want British food.|All righty, then. We have five moderately priced British restaurants. I'm almost afraid to ask, but does location matter?
I'd like it to be in the centre please.|There are 4 options for british food in the centre. restaurant one seven, the oak bistro, the copper kettle and cotto. Do any of those sound good to you?
recommend one and book a table for 3 people at 17:45 on tuesday and get me the reference number|The oak bistro. Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Reference number is : TMOV7WRE.
Thank you. I am also looking for a place to stay.|Okay, what requirements do you have for a place to stay?
I would like a three star hotel.  I'm trying to unplug on this trip, so free internet isn't necessary.|Alpha milton guesthouse in the north is three stars with no internet, are you open to a guesthouse or is a hotel preferred?
I would prefer a hotel, in the moderate price rage. It should be 3 stars.|I apologize, but there are no hotels that meet your criteria. Are you open to a different star rating or price range?
Yes, could you make a suggestion maybe?|The Ashley Hotel is moderately-priced and 2-stars. Would that be OK?
Actually, I am open to a guest house. Can you check to see if there is a 3-star guesthouse in the moderate range?|There are 4 guesthouses with a 3 star rating. Would you like to stay in a particular area of town? There are choices in the north, south, and west.
Since none of them seem to be close to the restaurant, can you suggest one for me?|i recommend hobsons house in the west. can i give you the address?
Could you book it for me?  I need it for 3 people for 3 days.|I have you booked for 3 people, 3 days starting on tuesday, reference number is YB9WDND7, any other questions?
I also need a taxi that arrives at the booked time.|I'd be happy to help with your request, first I'll need to know what your destination is.
yeah i want to get tp the restaurant at the time you booked it for me|I just need to confirm, will you be leaving from the hotel?
Yes, my pick-up point will be the hotel. I need to be at the restaurant by 17:45. Can you book the taxi for me, please?|Your taxi reservation  has been booked. The car type is Black Ford and the contact number is 07375823066. Is there anything else I can do for you today?
No, that's it. Thanks for your help. Have a great day. Goodbye.|enjoy your stay in Cambridge
I want to find an expensive guesthouse to stay at.|I'm not finding anything matching your query.
I need it to have a 4 star rating and have free parking.|There is nothing matching your requests. Would you like to change your request?
Ok, how about something in the moderate price range?|We have 9 that match your search. Do you have a further preference?
Yes they must have a 4 star rating with free parking. Do any of the guesthouse matches have that?|How about Acorn Guest House. It's located in the north at a moderate price range with 4 stars and free internet and parking.
That will be fine. Please provide the phone number and address.|what date would you like, how long, and how many people?
I don't need to book at this time. I just need the phone number, address, and postcode, please.|The phone number is 01223353888, address is 154 chesterton road, and postcode is cb41da.
Thanks very much for your help, that's everything I needed.|You're welcome. Have a very nice day.
I am looking for Italian food on the south side of the city.|Do you prefer moderately priced or expensive?
No preference, please.|I have Pizza Hut Cherry Hinton which is in the moderate price range and Frankie and Bennys which is in the more expensive price range. Which would you prefer?
I'll pass on the Pizza Hut. Yuck. Let's go with Frankie & Benny's. Can I get a table for 1 on Sunday at 12:15 please?|Your table is booked and will be reserved for 15 minutes. Your reference number is C6EU44QQ. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
I wanted the reservation for 12:15, is that what you booked for me?|Yes, you have a reservation for 1 person, at 12:15 on Sunday, at frankie and bennys. Can I help you with anything else today?
No, that is all I need. Thank you!|Great! Enjoy your meal, let me know if I can help with anything else.
I'm looking for a moderately priced restaurant serving cuban food.|I'm sorry we do not have any Cuban restaurants in the moderate price range.   Would you like a different food type?
Is there any restaurants that serve british food?|Fitzbillies restaurant serves British food. Would you like more information about this location?
Can I have their phone number?|Fitzbillies restaurant's number is 01223 352500.  Would you like the address as well?
No thanks, that is all!|You're welcome, enjoy your food.
Thank you goodbye.|Thank you for choosing our system. Good bye
Hello. Can you help me find a specific restaurant that I'm looking for?|Yes what is the name of the restaurant you are looking for?
The name of the restaurant is Lucky Star|Lucky Star is located at Cambridge Leisure Park Clifton Way Cherry Hinton in the south.  Would you like me to book a table for you?
yeah i need a table for six please|Lucky Star is a great restaurant.  May I please get the day and time you wish to reserve?
Yes, I am wanting to book for Thursday at 14:15.|How many people will the reservation be for?
It will be for 6.|I booked a table for 6 for you on Thursday at 14:15 at the Lucky Star. Your reference is AZNTY1ZZ. How else may I be of assistance today?
Could you also help me find a nightclub to check out?|There are six nightclubs. One is in the south. The other five are in the centre. Do you have a preference?
I want it in the centre. Pick the best one there and tell me the entrance fee and address please.|Club salsa is in the centre area, located at 1 station road. The entrance fee is 5 pounds.  Do you need any further assistance?
Thank you.  That's all for now.  Have a great day.|You are welcome.Have a great day!
I need a restaurant in the Cambridge area that serves international food and is moderately priced.|the varsity restaurant is a really good choice. Want a reservation?
No, I don't need a reservation.,|Okay, anything else I can help with?
Is that restaurant in the centre area and could I get the postcode please?|Yes it is located in th center and their postcode is cb23ar
i also need a place to stay|Is there a specific part of town that you are wanting to stay?
No particular area, just one that has free wifi and parking and has 3 stars.|There are five that meet your criteria. A guesthouse and hotel in the south, a hotel in centre, a guest house in north, and another guesthouse in west.
Why don't you recommend one of the hotels?|I recommend gonville hotel. Do you want a booking?
I don't need a booking, but can you please inform me of the area, type, and phone number for it?|The are is centre, the price range is expensive and the phone number is 01223366611.
Great! I also will need a taxi between the two places.|Where will you be departing from?
I would like to be picked up from the gonville hotel by 21:00 please.|Your booking was successful, a blue tesla will be picking you up and the contact number is 07361030196, anything else I can do for you today?
Thanks, I don't need anything else! Goodbye!|You're welcome. Good bye
I am looking for a moderately priced Chinese restaurant.|There are a great number of Chinese restaurants in town!  Is there a specific area you'd like me to check in, or do you have a price range in mind?
How about the center in a moderate price range.|Jinling Noodle Bar will meet your needs. Would you like to make a reservation?
Yes, please. Do they have any openings on Monday at 17:45? There will be 2 of us.|Unfortunately there are no tables at that time, do you have another time?
Hmm, well ok. How about at 16:45 instead?|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : JZ0Q7BT0. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, that will be all.|Thank you, goodbye.
I would like a place to eat in the moderate price range located in the centre.|There are many moderately-priced restaurants in the center. Galleria is one of my favorites; they serve European cuisine.
Great, could you send me the postcode to Galleria?|Their postcode is CB21UW. Can I help you with anything else?
Also I want to go see some architecture in town.|May i suggest visiting Little Saint Mary's Church located at little saint mary's lane. It's free!
Sounds lovely, what area is that located in?|It's located in the centre by Galleria. Is there anything else you need help finding today?
That is all, thank you for your help.|You're very welcome. I hope you enjoy yourself in our city!
Hi I am planning a trip and need to find a cheap place to stay in the west part of Cambridge.|There are two places matching your requests, one a guesthouse and one a hotel. Which do you prefer?
Which one has free parking?|It looks like they both do. Do you have a preference for guesthouse or hotel?
Do both also have free wifi? If so, can you book the guest house.|Absolutely, Finches Bed and Breakfast it is. What day would you like me to book you for? How large is your party? How long is your stay?
What is the star rating of the hotel?|Finches is rated 4 stars. Please provide me with information regarding your reservation and I would be happy to take care of booking the hotel for you.
I am also looking for a Pizza Hut.|There are three Pizza Hut's locations listed: Fen Ditton, City Centre, and Cherry Hinton. Are you interested in one of these?
I need the address, type of food, and price range for the Fen Ditton location, please.|The Pizza Hut is located in Fen Ditton in the Cambridge Retail Park on Newmarket Road. It serves Italian food at a moderate price. Should I book a table for you?
I would like a taxi to commute between the two places please.|what time do you want to depart from finches?
I'd like to leave by 22:15, please.|OK, I have a white toyota picking you up at Finches at 22:15 and traveling to the Pizza Hut Fen Ditton. Contact number is 07655072535.
That's incorrect. I need a taxi that leaves the restaurant by 22:15 and takes me back to the hotel.|Okay. No problem. I have corrected that for you. I have booked you into a white Volvo with a contact number of 07064227120. They will pick you up at 22:15.
Okay wonderful. Thanks for all your help.|It has been my pleasure. Feel free to contact us with any future concerns. Have a nice day.
Hi.  Can you tell me if any restaurants in the area serve halal food?|I apologize, there are no restaurants in the area that serve halal food. Would you like another type of food?
How about Portuguese food?|Nandos is serves portuguese food, is in the south part of town and in the cheap price range.  Would you like their location?
Yes, phone number and address please.|there phone number is 01223327908 and there address is Cambridge Leisure Park Clifton Way, Is there anything else I can help you with?
No thank you, that is all I needed to know.  Have a good day.|Thank You
Goodbye|Goodbye.
Hello. I'm looking for a cheap restaurant in the east part of town.|The missing sock is a cheap restaurant in the east part of town.  Would you like their location?
I want to know their address, phone number, and type of food, please|The Missing Sock serves International food and is located at Finders Corner Newmarket Road.  The phone number is 01223 812660.
Thank you, that is all I needed to know.  Have a good night.|Thank you for using our system. Good night
I'm visiting cambridge, I want to spoil myself, I am looking for a four star place to stay which is expensive.|Sure, I can help you with that.  There are two places.  One is in the west and one in the centre.  Do you have a preference?
It doesn't really matter what area. But, I really prefer a hotel over a guesthouse. Do you have any?|I have two options, the Huntingdon Marriott Hotel or the University Arms Hotel. Do you prefer one over the other?
We were wanting to have free wifi. Do either of them provide that?|Both of these two offer free wifi, The Marriott is in the Hinchinbrook Business Park, while the University Arms is on Regent Street downtown.
I would like to book the University Arms for five nights. Could you do that for me?|I can! When would you like the booking to start? And how many in your party?
2 people and 5 nights starting on teusday|Booking was successful.
Reference number is : F063DE8D
I am looking for a place to dine|Okay, do you have a food, price range, or area preference?
It should be in the north and it should be expensive.|We have asian oriental, 2 chinese, a european and french to choose from, any preferences?
A French restaurant is fine.  Can you make a recommendation?|Yes, I recommend Restaurant Two Two at 22 Chesterton Road, Chesterton.  Can I reserve a table for you?
Yes, please. The reservation will need to be for Tuesday, 2 people, and we'd like to dine at 15:15.|Your booking was successful. The reference number is 928SYN1A. Your table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
I'd like to book a taxi from the hotel to the restaurant to get there by 15:15.|Thank you.  Goodbye.
Can I get a korean restaurant in the town centre?|Little Seoul is located in the town centre
Can you tell me the address, phone number, and postcode of Little Seoul, please?|Sure, Little seoul is located at 108 Regent street City Centre. Its phone number is 01223 308681 and the postcode is CB21DP. Is there anything I can help you with?
Thank you, goodbye.|thank you, goodbye.
Can you help me find an Italian restaurant in the city center?|Sure. What is your price range?
My price range is expensive.|I recommend booking a table at Caffe Uno. You'll love their homemade pasta!
That's great. Can you send me the phone number and postcode for Caffe Uno?|i'm sorry. i cannot find details for caffe uno.
I am actually looking for an Italian place. In the centre.|The caffe uno's phone number is 01223448620 and the postcode is cb21uj. May I help you with anything else?
I'm looking for info on museum of classical archaeology|It's a free museum on Sidgwick Avenue in the west part of town.  Lots of interesting things there.
Great! I also need a taxi to get there. I want to leave Caffe Uno at 12:30. Can you give me the contact number & car type for the taxi?|In order to reserve your taxi, may I please have your destination?
I need to commute between the two places you looked up.|I have booked your car. It is a blue Ford car, and the contact number for the booking is 07881357778.
Thank you that's all the help I need today.|Great - have a wonderful day!
I am looking for a restaurant. The restaurant should be in the centre and should be in the moderate price range|Hello. What type of food are you looking for? There are 21 locations that fit these criteria.
I am looking for one that serves Turkish food.|I have Anatolia and Efes Restaurant. Do you have a preference?
No, I just need the address of one of them.|Very well, the address for Anatolia is 30 Bridge Street City Centre.
thank you for the help|You're welcome. May I help with anything else?
No, I think I have everything I need. Thanks!|Thank you for using our services. Have a great day!
great day too|Thanks for using our services.
I want to visit a college in Cambridge. Can you help me find some?|There are eighteen college in cambrdige, any area preference?
I don't have any preference as long as it's in town.|May I suggest Christ's College in the centre?
Yes, that would be a good choice. Can you give the entrance fee and postcode for that location? Thanks|It is free to visit and is located on Saint Andrew's Street, postcode cb23bu. Would you like the phone number?
Yes, please provide the phone number.|The phone number is 01223334900.  Can I be of further assistance today?
Yes. I was told about a  restaurant called the midsummer house. Can you help me find that?|Midsummer House is an expensive restaurant in the centre that serves British food. Would you like me to make a reservation for you?
Yes please. Get me a table for 2 on Tuesday at 13:45|Yes I was able to book this for you and your reference number is YBD13ZLT.
Great I also need a taxi between the two locations that will get to the restaurant at 13:45|I have booked your taxi. Be expecting a white Toyota. Their phone number is 07740192551.
Cool thanks so much!|What else can I do for you?
I think I got everything I need. Have a nice day!|Thank you for contacting us and have a nice day.
I need a restaurant in the cheap price range that serves Portuguese food.|There are two in Cambridge. One in the south and one in the centre. Do you have a preference?
It does not make a difference as long as they have reservations for 4 on sunday at 12:00. Could I get a reference number?|Sure, i have booked Nandos sunday 12:00 for 4. May I help with anything else?
I still need the reference number.|Yes of course!  I do apologize.  The Reference number is : 29D8WR58. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.  Can I assist with anything else?
Yes. Do you know anything about a place called Sheep's Green and Lammas Land Park Fen Causeway?|It's a free park in the south. Would you like more details?
What is the full address for that park?|The address is fen causeway, newnham road. What else can I do for you?
What is their entrance fee?|There is no entrance fee.
I also need a taxi from the park to Nandos.  Want to get there  by 12:00.  thanks|I have booked a taxi for you. It will be a red Ford and the contact number is 07413433001. Is there anything else I can do for you?
No, that should be everything. Thanks!|No, thank you for being a great customer! Good bye.
I'm looking for an expensive restaurant in the centre|sure, i have 33 options for you
Great.  Is there one that serves mediterranean food?|I happen to have 2 great ones. La Mimosa is available, as well as the newer one called Shiraz Restaurant. Would you like more info on one of these?
Let's go with Shiraz. I need a booking for 5 at 16:30 on saturday.|Your table has been booked for 16:30 and will be reserved for 15 minutes. The reference number is VORP2NWK. What else can I do for you today?
I am also looking for a four star hotel.|There are three options to choose from. The Huntington Marriott Hotel, The Cambridge Belfry, and the University Arms Hotel. Which would you like?
I want it to be a 4 star guesthouse with free parking and internet|Which part of time would you like to stay in?
Starting Saturday for 4 people for 5 nights.|There are actually 16 guesthouses to choose from. Is there an area of the city that you prefer?
Maybe the centre near my restaurant.|How about alexander bed and breakfast?
Is it available on Saturday.|Yes. Would you like me to book that for you?
Yes. Please book it for 4 people and 5 nights beginning saturday|You are booked. The reference number is C9LRRET8
Thanks for all the help. That's all I needed today.|Thanks for contacting Cambridge TownInfo centre have a wonderful trip. Goodbye.
Hi, I am looking for a concerthall in the east.|we don't have a concert hall in the east, can I check another area?
Let's check for a museum, then|There are four museums in the east. Cambridge artworks, Gallery at twelve a high street, and Saint barnabas press gallery are all free.  Cambridge museum of technology is 5 pounds.
Please book the Museum of technology for two people, any time after noon. I'll need a reference number too please.|I'm unable to book that reservation for you. Is there any other information that I can provide to you?
How about helping me find a place to eat, then?|Sure thing, what kind of cuisine are you looking for?
I'd like crossover food in the expensive range, and located in the same area as the museum.|YOu would need to select food then I can look that up.
I would like it to be crossover food.|I'm sorry, I'm not showing any crossover restaurants in the city.  Is there another type of food I can check on?
Sure, let's try Chinese then please. And I'd also like the restaurant to be expensive.|There are 9 choices.  What area would you like.
I don't care. Can you choose one to recommend for me?|I like the Ugly Duckling. It's located in the centre. Would you like me to book that for you?
Is it available on Friday?|Of course it is, how many people on friday and what time?
I would like a table for 5 at 11:00.|Your reference code is KU6JQCL9. You will have 15 minutes to arrive to your table.
Thank you. I didn't get an address and postcode for Cambridge museum of technology. Can you provide it, please?|The address is the old pumping station, cheddars lane. Their phone is 01223368650. Is there anything else I can help with today?
NO, that was everything I needed thank you.|Have a great trip and wonderful day. Goodbye.
I am looking for international food anywhere in town.|There are 3 results for international restaurants. Do you care about the price range?
I don't care|bloomsbury restaurant serves international food and is located at Crowne Plaza Hotel 20 Downing Street.  Their phone number is 0871 942 9180.  Can I help you with anything else?
Thank you. Goodbye.|Thank you, have a wonderful day!
I'm looking for a cheap reastaurant in the centre.|Any particular cuisine you'd prefer?
Actually, I love trying new things. Im open to new things. What is available?|Okay, how about The Gardenia that serves mediterranean food?
Can you give me more information on the Gardenia? Don't forget the phone number, please.|They are a cheap mediterranean place in the centre of town. They are located at 2 Rose Crescent City Centre. Their phone number is 01223356354.
Thanks.  Can you help me find a guesthouse in the same area?|We have 2 cheap guesthouses in the center of town. I recommend the Alexander B&B.
Is there a 0-star place that's also expensive? I'm sort of a glutton for punishment.|There are no zero star expensive ones. The low quality ones tend to be on the cheaper end. Would you like me to look?
okay. cheap is good|I have a cheap guest house in the center, 0 stars. El Shaddai. Shall I book it for you?
Yes, that would be great. I'll need it booked for 3 nights, 8 people, starting on Sunday.|Booking was successful. Reference number is : 8I2TLR4V. Anything else I can help you with?
No, that's all I needed today. Thanks for your help!|If you need any thing else, let us know.
naw, i'm good thanks|Thank you, goodbye.
Is there an expensive restaurant any where in the south part of town?|There are Mexican, italian, chinese and indian restaurants on the south part of town in the expensive price range. Do you have a particular type?
Italian sounds good.  Can you give me an address and phone number?|The phone number for Frankie and Bennys is 01223 412430. Can I help you with anything else?
That will do it. Goodbye.|You're welcome. Thank you and goodbye.
I'd like to find an expensive restaurant in the centre.|There are 33 restaurants in the area. What type of food are looking to eat?
I would like Japanese food.|I have found Wagamama that is an expensive Japanese restaurant located in the Centre. Would you like to make a reservation?
Yes, can I make a reservation for 4 people at 17:30 on sunday?|Unfortunately I wasn't able to get that reservation. Would you like to try somewhere else?
Yes, I need to find another place like that one though.|I am sorry there are no others in that area, would a different area be okay?
Maybe try one more time, any type of food, exepensive, in the centre of town.|Okay, I've booked you at Little Seoul, a korean place that is expensive in the centre, with reference number PTWG73V3. May I help with anything else?
No thank you. Goodbye|Okay. Enjoy your dining experience.
What does Cambridge offer so far as expensive, German restaurants?|There's no restaurants meeting your criteria. Would you like to change anything parameters?
Oh really? I was hoping to eat expensive German cuisine in the northern part of town.|Would you like to search for something else?
Is there any asian oriental restaurants in the north area?|Yes, there is one called Saigon City. Would you like more information?
I would like you to book it. 2 people 18:00 on Sunday.|Okay, you're all set!  I have it booked for Sunday, 18:00, and for 2 people.  Your reference number is LR4G3953.  Is there anything else I can help with?
That is all I needed. Thank you!|You are welcome.  Are you certain I can't help with a hotel or a train for you?
Yes, actually, I'm looking for a train. I'll need to depart from Cambridge after 20:00.|We have lots of those!  Where are you traveling to?
I am going to Ely on Sunday.|What day will you be taking the train?
i want to travel on sunday. i need to leave cambridge at 20:00.|TR0537 leaves at 21:50 and arrives in 17 minutes. Do you want tickets for that?
I'm terrible at math. What time does that arrive?|The arrival time is 22:07.
Thank you for all your help. Have a great day.|Thank you for calling and have a great trip to Cambridge. Goodbye.
Can you help me find a indian restaurant in the west?|Sure, they are all expensive though.  I love Tandoori Palace located at 68 Histon Road Chesterton.
That sounds perfect! Thank you.|Is there anything else you need?
Can you book a reservation for 8 at 14:45 on Friday?|Done! Your table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Your reference number is 5XFZM2KU. Is there anything else that I can help you with?
Can you provide me with the telephone number and book two taxi cabs to the restaurant|Tandoori Palace's phone number is 01223506055. Please give me the taxi departure day and time and I'll be more than happy to book one for you
Nevermind - I don't need the taxis after all. Can you help me find a place called tenpin, instead?|Tenpin is an entertainment venue in the south. They are located at Cambridge Leisure Park, Clifton Way. Their postcode is cb17dy. Their phone number is 08715501010.
Can you tell me what their entrance fee is?|They do not have an entrance fee listed, but you can always call and find out.
Okay, thank you for your help!|is there anything else i can help you with?
No that will be all! Thank you very much!|Thank you for using our services. Have a great day!
Are there any expensive places to dine in the West?|sure, i have 9 options for you
Thank you! What kinds of restaurants are available?|I see british, european, and indian available.
Can you tell me about one of the restaurants that serves British cuisine?|Sure. The Graffiti is a restaurant that serves British food. The phone number is 01223277977. Would you like to make a booking?
Yes, please. For Friday. 3 people at 16:30.|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Reference number is : 86G11ZVP.
Oh thank you so much.  I also need a train from Bishops Stortford, can you help with that?|Sure, what will your arrival station be?
I will be heading into Cambridge. I will need it for Friday arriving by 12:00.|TR2083 will arrive at 10:07. Want to book?
No that's ok. I just need the travel time.|It is a total time of 38 minutes for the trip.  Anything else that I can assist with?
Yeah, can you confirm the time I need to be at the station?|The departure time is 09:29. Is there anything else that I can help you with today?
Nothing else today.  Thanks so much for your help.  Bye.|Your welcome, Have a nice day.
I need help finding a chinese restaurant in the centre of cambridge any suggestions?|There are 10 choices. Is there a particular area you would like to stay in?
I would like it in the centre.|There's fives places that fit that bill.. do you have a price range in mind?
The closest is fine, can you give me the phone number and postcode of the restaurant?  I am also looking for a college to visit in the area.|The closest is Charlie Chan on Regent Street City Centre. Their phone number is 01223361763. Postcode is cb21db. As for the college, do you have a preference on area?
What is the entrance fee for Regent Street City Centre?|There isn't an entrance fee to enter the street or the restaurant.
Ok I would like to book a taxi from the restaurant to the Regent Street City Centre?|I will need more information to book the taxi for you.  What time would you like to depart and what time would you like to arrive by?
I will be leaving the restaurant by 1:30 and the arrival time does not matter.|I was able to book that taxi for you.  It is a white Honda and the contact number is 07734608677.
Great, thanks. I think that's all I needed. Have a great night. Goodbye.|Have a lovely stay in Cambridge! Goodbye!
Are there any restaurants serving australasian food in the east part of the city?|I'm afraid not. Would you like to try a different part of town?
No, how about chinese food?|Yu garden offers chinese food in the east part of town
Okay, can I please have the phone number?|Certainly, the phone number is 01223248882.  Is there anything else I can do?  Reserve a table for you, perhaps?
i am also looking for a hotel called limehouse|The Limehouse is a moderately priced 4 star guesthouse located in the North, would you like their contact information and address, or would you like to book a room?
Can you tell me if Limehouse has internet access?|It does have internet. Would you like to book a room?
I also need a Taxi that will pick me up by by 8:15 from the guest house to the Restaurant. I will appreciate to have the Car type and the number.|Booking completed!
Booked car type	:	white toyota
Contact number	:	07241514490
I want to leave the restaurant by 8:15.|This is what we've requested for you. You're all set.
Thank you. That's all I needed. I appreciate all of your help.|Your Welcome.  Have A Great Day!
I'm looking for an expensive place to eat in the west area of town.|There are nine expensive restaurants on the west side of town. Did you have a specific cuisine in mind?
Indian sound good.|We have tandoor palace, cocum, rice boat, maharajah tandoor restaurant, and india house, which would you like to try?
The Maharajah Tandoor sounds great!|Would you like me to book you a table at maharajah tandoori restaurant?
Yes, a table for 2 people on friday at 12:00. I need a reference number.|All right, a table for 2 is reserved for you. M4TC7VRV is your reference number.
I am also going to need a taxi to get me to the restaurant before my reservation.  Can you get me their contact number and car type?|I would be happy to book you a taxi. Could you please tell me where you would like to depart from?
I would like to leave maharajah taondoori, and go to a college.|When would you like to leave the restaurant or arrive at the college?
I want to arrive at the restaurant by 12:00 on Friday please. I will also need their contact number and the car type.|Would you like to arrive at the restaurant or at the college by 12:00? I'm afraid there has been a misunderstanding.
The restaurant please.|Where would you like the taxi to take you?
to the attraction|I apologize, there's been a misunderstanding. Before we can book your taxi, we need to know which college. There are 18 colleges. What area are you looking for?
I'm sorry, let's back up. We'll worry about the taxi later. First, can you help me find a college on the west side of town?|I apologize for the confusion. I have 5 different museums. 3 are free and the other two charge 2.50 pounds. All are in the west. Which do you prefer?
I would prefer a free one, just surprise me with information on one of them please.|Just to avoid any confusion on my part you were looking for a college or a museum? I may have pulled up the wrong information. I apologize for that.
A college and I need their telephone number.|Certainly Churchill College is free to enter and their address is storey's way.
Great! May I have their contact number?|The contact number for Churchill College is 01223336233. Are you ready to book that taxi now that we know which college you are wanting to travel to?
Yes please, to be precise and clear up prior misunderstandings, I need a taxi at 11.45 from Churchill College to Maharajah Tandoor so I can get there by 12.|Yes, we've booked a taxi for you: A red volvo, contact number 07272851306.
That is wonderful.  Thank you so much for being patient.  I am all set.  Bye.|Thank you, goodbye.
I want a train that is leaving from broxbourne.|There is a train leaving from Broxbourne to Cambridge on Friday at 5:32 and will arrive there at 6:32.
That would work well with our schedule. Thank you!|You're welcome. Is there anything else you need help with?
No thats it thankl you|Did you need the train number or price today?
Yes can I please get that?|I am sorry. Do you want info or to book the train? The cost is 17.90 per ticket.
I don't need to book at the moment.  However, I was also interested in finding a restaurant for Friday.|What type of food would like to eat?
I don't really care about cuisine, but I would like something expensive in the center of town. What's your favorite high-end place?|I would suggest Loch Fyne. They serve the most amazing selection of seafood in the entire city. It's definitely an experience.
That sounds perfect. Could you book a table for 8 people at 19:30 on Friday?|Ok, your table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is 56AHCPLE.
awesome. thanks for your help today|You're welcome. Have a great day.
I am looking for a place to eat that's in the centre and serves Turkish food. Can you help me?|sure, i have 3 options for you
Great! Can I get the address of one of them.|May I recommend efes restaurant. They are located on King Street City Centre. Is there anything else I can help you wtih?
I need the address, post code and price range for the efes restaurant.|Efes restaurant in the moderate price range located at King Street City Centre. Their post code is cb11ln
Thanks I also need a train going to Stevenage on Thursday.|Trains leave for Stevenage at 21 past the hour, every 2 hours. What time would you like to travel?
Well, I'd like to get there by 12:00 or a little before, so is there a train at 09:21 or 10:21? I'll need 1 ticket.|the TR0552 train arrives at 10:10 at stevenage.
Ok, can I get one ticket please?|Your seat on the train is reserved, reference #7D3H801W.
Well thanks a lot. You were great help.|Is there anything more I can be of assistance with?
Nope thats everything thanks|Thank you so much for calling. Have a great trip. Goodbye.
What are some expensive british restaurants to dine at?|Sure, are you looking in a certain area?
Yeah, I'm looking in the north.|Unfortunately, there are no British restaurants in the north that are expensive. Would you like mt o look in another are or try a different cuisine?
How about expensive French restaurants in the north?|sure, there's one there called restaurant two two.
Can you make me a reservation please and send the reference number?|Sure, when would you like the reservation for?
What times do they have available.|It would be easiest if you would pick a time.
Actually, I don't need to book a time right now, I just need the postcode and phone number for the time being.|Okay, the post code is cb43ax and the phone number is 01223351880.
Thank you. I am also looking for places to visit in town. I think a college would be nice. Could you recommend one?|Sure, Christ's College would be a good choice. It's in the centre of town and does not have an entrance fee. Would you like more information?
Can I also have their phone number and address?|Of course. The phone number is 01223334900 and the postcode is cb23bu. Can I help you with anything else today?
That's all I needed today. Thanks!|I hope you have a great stay in town.  Goodbye.
Yes I would like to find a restaurant that is in the cheap price range on the west side of town.|Would you prefer italian or vietnamese food?
Italian. Would you reserve a table for 5 for me? I'd like that to be at 14:00 on Tuesday.|Booking was unsuccessful for la margherita. Would you like me to try booking for the Vietnamese restaurant called thanh binh?
Sure, let's do that.|I reserved a table for you at Thanh Binh.  The reference number is XX1TF9GV.  Is there anything else I can help you with?
No thanks for all your help|You're welcome! Have a great day!
Hi, I'm looking for a restaurant located in the centre of Cambridge that serves crossover food please?|There are no matching restaurants, would you like another type of food?
Can you recommend a moderately priced restaurant in the centre?|There are 21 moderate restaurants in the center of town.  What food type would you like?
Asian oriental sounds yummy, what are my choices?|I would recommend the Yippee Noodle Bar.   Fun place with great food.
That would be fine. Can you book a table for 5 people at 12:15 on thursday.|You are booked for 5 people at 12:15 on Thursday at the Yippee Noodle Bar. Reference number is C62U1AM2.  They hold the reservation for 15 minutes.
I would also like to get a place to stay.|There are several hotels that you can choose from. What type of hotel are you looking for?
I would like a hotel that is in the moderate price range and needs to have 0 stars.  It needs to be near the hotel.|There is only one hotel in the moderate price range with 0 stars near the centre called cityroomz. Shall I book a room for you?
No booking necessary, just need one more thing, a taxi from the hotel to the restaurant and to get there by the reservation time|I have booked a red skoda. The number is 07965582777. Anything else for you?
That will be it, thanks.|Thank you we hope you enjoy your stay!
I am looking for information in Cambridge.  I need a place to dine.|Sure, do you have a type of food you are wanting?
Crossover food would be perfect.|Unfortunately, there aren't any crossover restaurants in Cambridge. Is there something else you'd like to try?
Is there a gastropub in Centre?|Yes, I have two that are expensive and one that is moderately priced. Do you have a preference?
Let's go with the moderately priced option. Can I please have the phone number?|In the moderate price range, I have one place. It's called the Cow Pizza Kitchen and Bar. It's located on Corn Exchange Street. Do you need a reservation?
Not right now, but I am looking for a place to stay. Are there any 5-star accommodations in Cambridge?|I'm sorry, there are no 5-star accommodations anywhere in Cambridge.  There are many 4-star options.  Would you like to try one of those?
Do you have one with free parking|Yes the allenbell does.
Is the allenbell a guesthouse?|Yes, it is a guesthouse.  It's located at 517a Coldham Lane.  Would you like me to book this for you?
No thank you that will be all|Is there anything further that I can assist you with today?
Yes, I'll need a taxi from the restaurant to the hotel. I want to leave the restaurant by 18:30.|Sure.  I booked a black BMW for you. Contact number	:	07568490583
Thank you so much.|You're very welcome! Is there anything else i can help you with?
No thank you! Thanks for your help! Bye!|excellent, have a great day!
I need to find a place to stay while in Cambridge, I do not need it to have internet but I do need it to have free parking.|There are currently no hotels in the Cambridge area that have parking, is there another area close by that would work for you?
maybe you can suggest a place close to the area of south, I would appreciate that, thank you|There is nothing in the south. Do you really need parking?
Yeah, I do.  What about to the west?|What are the preferences you have for the hotel? I cannot seem to find one fitting the criteria you have listed.
I need the hotel to at least have free wifi. Can you accommodate?|There are 4 hotels in the south with free wifi and parking. What star rating would you like?
I don't really care about the star rating. I just would like free wifi and would need to book for 3 nights for 6 people.|what price range are you looking for?
I don't have a preference.|Ok. How about the Bridge Guest House. I'm happy to book that for you. I just need to know what day you'll be arriving.
I will be arriving Sunday.|All booked! The reference number is O59MRSHK.
I am also looking for a restaurant in the same area.  Preferably vegetarian food in the moderate price range.|there are no vegetarian food restaurants.
Okay. Is there one that serves International food?|There are three locations that serve international cuisine. The Missing Sock, The Varsity Restaurant, and the Bloomsbury Restaurant. Are you interested in any of these?
Sure, can I please get a table on Sunday at 13:00 for 6 people at The Missing Sock?|I cannot not book your reservation for the time you wanted, would you want another time or to try one of the other 2 restaurants?
Can you try for 12:00?|I'm sorry 12:00 is not available either, would you like to try another time or different restaurant possibly?
Yes let's try another restaurant.|The Varsity Restaurant is moderately priced, and serves international food, but I'm afraid it's not in the south, but rather the city centre. Would that be agreeable?
Sure please book that fro me.|Booked for 12 at varsity restaurant, you reference number is SSRYQGZ2. Your table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Alright, can you get me a taxi that will take from from the hotel to the Varsity in time for my reservation?|Yes, be on the lookout for for a white lexus. The contact number is 07672513904. May I help with anything else?
No, I am all set.  Thank you for all your help.  Have a nice day.|Thank you for using our service. You have a great trip!
I am trying to find a Jamaican restaurant|We don't have any Jamaican restaurants here. Would you like to try something else?
How about a expensive mediterranean?|There are two restaurants, La Mimosa or Shiraz
let's book a table at Shiraz.|Can I get what day,time and how many people will be dining?
Monday at noon and five.|Your booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is:  QJI9U6C7. Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
Also looking for a place to stay. The hotel should include free parking and should include free wifi.|I recommend acorn guest house on 154 chesterton road would you like me to book?
Can I get the address, postcode and price range of that hotel?|It is a moderate priced guesthouse. The address is 154 chesterton road and postcode is cb41da. Can I book you any rooms?
Sure, that would be great. one person for 2 nights please.|What day will you be arriving?
The same day, I'd also like a taxi to go between the hotel and restaurant.|I need to know the time you want to leave.
Wednesday, I need to arrive to the restaurant by my booked time.|I think we've almost mixed up your bookings! To clarify, you'd like a hotel reservation starting on Wednesday? Your restaurant booking is set for Monday. We can make changes!
What was I thinking! I wanted to book a table for 1 person, myself, at 12:30 on Wednesday. Please change my booking at Shiraz.|So you would like to cancel the other booking?
I need to change it to Wednesday at 12:30 for 1 person. The others can't make it. Sorry.|No worries. Your table for 1 is reserved and your reservation code is GKDDPL1M. The table will be held for 15 minutes. Will that be all today?
No, please find me a zero star hotel that offers free wifi and free parking|Sorry I don't have any 0 star hotels with that criteria.
Any stars would be fine.|I'm so sorry but i'm confused. What would you like me to search for your place to stay?
I am looking for a hotel with a zero star rating with both free wifi and parking, please.|There are two cheap guesthouses meeting your needs: el shaddai in the centre and city centre north b and b in the north. Which do you prefer?
i highly recommend el shaddai. it is cheap. can i book?|El Shaddai is a cheap, 0 star guesthouse in the centre. Will that work for you?
Yes, can I get the postcode and address please.|Can you book it for me and get a reference number ?
I need a train for cambridge, I would like to arrive by 14:15.|I have found several for you. What day would you like to leave?
I'll be leaving Norwich on Friday.|TR8151 will arrive in cambridge at 13:35. Will that work?
Yes. I need two tickets, please.|I've booked that for you, and your reference number is U6FY6WAD.
Can you find me an expensive indian restaurant?|Curry garden is in the expensive price range and serves Indian food.
Great, can you book me a table for the same group of people at 19:15 on the same day?|Success! Your reference number is DBUN9LUJ. They'll hold your table for 15 minutes, in case you're running a little late. Need any other help?
Nope. I think thats it. Have a good one. Bye for now.|Thanks, you too.  Goodbye.
I'm looking for a particular restaurant called j restaurant.|That is a great cheap restaurant located in the city centre.  Would you like a reservation?
Yes please 2 people at 16:45 on tuesday|Your booking is confirmed, 2 people on Tuesday at 16:45 for J Restaurant. Reference is H9ZG8N17. Can I help with anything else?
No that's all I needed. Thank you!|Thank you. Goodbye.
I want to find a restaurant in the centre and serving japanese food.|There's a very nice Japanese restaurant in the center of town, it's pretty expensive.
That's OK because it's for a special occasion. Can you give me the phone number?|Yes,  It's 01223462354.  What else can I help you with?
No thank you, goodbye|You're welcome.  Good bye.
i am looking for a place to dine. The restaurant should be in the expensive price range and should serve european food.|There are 5 that fit your criteria, 3 in the centre of town are eraina, michaelhouse cafe, darrys cookhouse and wine shop and city stop restaurant north and cambridge lodge restaurant west.
What do you recommend?|I personally recommend Eraina. Would you like a table booked?
Yes please, can I get a table for 6 at 13:45 on Tuesday?|Sure thing, you are booked with ref. # RC9WCTWX.
Thanks so much.  Have a nice day.  .|My pleasure. Thanks for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Have a fantastic day!
I want to find a cheap restaurant in the north part of town. What is the phone number?|da vinci pizzeria is in the north part of town and in the cheap price range. Their phone number is 01223 351707
Thank you. Goodbye.|Enjoy your dinner!
I want to find a place to eat that serves indian food in the centre of town.|There are 9 restaurants that fit that description. Are you looking for a cheap or expensive restaurant?
Price range doesn't matter. Which restaurant out of the 9 do you recommend?|I'd recoment the Mahal of Cambridge.  It's inexpensive, and conveniently located.  Would you like me to book you?
That sounds fine. Can you book for 4 people at 19:30 on sunday?|Booking was unsuccessful.   Would you like me to look at another location?
Yes. Can you find me something that is available in the same area and price range?|How about the ghandi?
Ok lets try there.|Your all set. Reference number is HKBDRN69. Anything else?
No thank you.|Okay. Thanks so much for calling. Enjoy your evening!
Can you help me find a place to stay in the north?|Yes! Would you like to stay in a hotel, or a guesthouse?
It does not really matter. It does not need internet or free parking.|There is a moderately priced, 3 star guesthouse named the Alpha-Milton Guesthouse. Can I help you book your stay?
Yes, 4 people, 4 nights, start from Wednesday. Reference number please.|I was able to book it, reference number is TGKX5Y65.
Awesome. Are there any good Indian restaurants close to the hotel?|There is the nirala which is moderately priced and the royal spice which is cheap. Would you like me to book one?
Yes, I'd like to book the Nirala for Wednesday for 3 people at 15:15, please.|Your booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Reference number is : R6H3QHUE.  What else can I help you with today?
I will also need a taxi.|When would you like the taxi for?
I would like to go from the hotel to Nirala to make sure I get there for that reservation.|Booking completed!
Booked car type	:	black toyota
Contact number	:	07497343822 Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Thanks so much! That's everything for now. Take care!|You're quite welcome! Thanks for using our services today. Goodbye!
I'm visiting the centre and want to go all out on the experience.   Can you help me find an expensive restaurant?|Sure, which part of town did you want to eat in?
In the centre, please|There are 33 expensive restaurants in the centre of town. Is there a specific type of cuisine you were looking for?
no, just surprise me. I need a reservation for 1 person at 20:00 on wednesday.|You have been booked at the Bedouin on Wednesday at 20:00 for 1 person.  Your reference number is 29KJKZOD.  Is there anything else I can help you with?
I need a place to stay.|The University Arms is a 4 star hotel on Regent Street. Would you like me to make a reservation there?
Is that in the centre area also, and in the expensive price range? That is what I'm looking for.|Yes, University Arms Hotel is a 4-star hotel in the expensive price range.  Would you like to make a reservation?
Great, can you book for 1 person and 4 nights starting Wednesday.|Booking was successful. Reference number is : VJQM2DFY. Anything else I can do for you?
Great I also need a taxi to take me between the two places and get me to the restaurant by 20:00|Booking for the taxi complete look for a grey bmw car contact number is 07434690950 to arrive at the restaurant by 20:00
Perfect!. Thank you for your help!|You are most welcome. May I help you with anything else, such as attractions?
No thanks, that's all I needed.|Have a great day!
I'm looking for a restaurant that is cheap and is in the centre. Can you help me?|Where you interested in any particular type of cuisine? I have some restaurants like that including: Indian, Chinese, and Italian. Do you have a preference?
Yes I would like to eat Italian food.|I can suggest ask located at 12 Bridge street city centre. Would you like to make reservations?
No, please give me their postcode instead|cb21uf.  Is there anything else I can do to assist you?
I am also interested in finding out information about local colleges. Do you recommend any to visit?|You should check out the downing college on regent street. Do you want me to get you their phone number?
Yes please.  I would like their postcode, phone number, and address.|their post code is cb21dq. it is located in regent street. phone number is 01223334860.
I would like to book a taxi now please.  I need to leave the restaurant by 12:30.  Are there any available?|Sure, where will you be headed?
Between the restaurant and the hotel.|We have discussed a restaurant and a college, did you have a hotel you wished to stay at?
I'll be commuting between the restaurant and the college. I want to book at taxi to pick me up at the restaurant by 12:30.|A grey Tesla will pick you up, contact number 07587024658. Can I help you with anything else today?
No, that's all I needed. Thank you for your help. Have a great day.|Glad to have been of help. Thank you for using the  Cambridge TownInfo centre. Have a great day
I want to find an expensive restaurant in the east side.|There are several.  Would you like British, Chinese, Gastropub, or Indian cuisine?
Book me a table of five for Tuesday at 11:30 in one that serves  British cuisine. Please get me the reference number as well.|I was able to successfully book a table for 5 at the Grafton Hotel restaurant at 11:30 on Tuesday, your reference number is 701570FS.
Thank you, I also need a place to stay with free parking and free wifi.|There are 29 different hotels that fit this request. Did you need it in a certain area or did you prefer a certain price range?
Yes, I'd also like it to be expensive and on the east side.|It sounds like you're looking for Express by Holiday Inn Cambridge then!
That would work well what type of hotel is it?|It is a hotel-hotel. Its named holiday "inn" and I completely understand, it can be confusing. Would you like me to book you a room?
Yes please. I'll also need information about a taxi service as I won't have transportation on this trip.|What time would you like to leave and arrive for your taxi?
I need it to pick me up in time to get me to the restaurant before 11:30.  Can I get a contact number and car type please?|The car is a black lexus and the contact number is 07421870215.
Great thanks! That's all I need.|Thank you for using Cambridge TownInfo centre. Have a great trip!
Where can I find the Express by Holiday Inn in Cambridge?|it is found  in the east , 15-17 norman way coldhams business park. you can call them on 01223866800
Okay. Can I book 4 nights at the Express please?|Sure! How many people will staying?
6 people, 4 nights starting on friday.|I will book it for you now.
Could I please get the reference number after you book it.|Booking is complete. Your reference number is UQG3WI8I. Do you need anything else?
I'm also looking for a restaurant called the golden curry. Can you help me book a table there?|Sure. For how many people, on what day and time?
For 6 people on Friday at 12:15. Thanks|Okay I've booked you a table at The Golden Curry for 6 on Friday at 12:15, refeence number 1OUCJVYH.  Is there anything else?
thanks. no thats all i will be needing. see you later!|Thanks for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre!
I want to find a restaurant in the centre part of town and serving Turkish food.|There are three restaurants serving Turkish food in the center of town. What price range would you like?
I do not care about the price range.|anatolia is a turkish restaurant in the moderate price range and in the centre. It is located at 30 bridge street city centre and its phone number is 01223 362372. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Thank you goodbye.|Thank you, Goodbye!
I would like a restaurant in the centre and in the moderate price range.|The Yippee Noodle Bar is a moderate priced Asian Oriental restaurant.  Does that sound good?
No, the restaurant should serve modern european food.|Sure I have at least two choices for you. One is the De Luca Cucina and Bar and the other is the Riverside Brasserie. Both are located in the center. Would either of them interest you?
Let's try the Brasserie.|If you'd like a reservation I will need to know what day and time you'd like your reservation and how many will be in your party.
Just 1 person at 13:15 on thursday|You're all set your reference number is IVGZLYTZ
Thanks.  That's all I need!|Alright, thank you. Goodbye!
I'm looking for a particular restaurant called ask. Please give me information on that restaurant.|Ask is an italian place in the centre area, they are in the cheap price range.  Can I help with anything else?
Yes, I'd like to book a table for 1 at 17:15 on Wednesday.  Can you do that?|I was able to book that table for you. Your reference number should you need it, is DFEBH5D1.Can I help with anything else?
No. I think I am all set. Thanks.|You're very welcome, just let us know if we can help with anything else.
I need a train from norwich leaving after 09:15. Thank you.|Great, I have a train leaving there at 9:16. Would you like to book that?
Does it leave at that time on Sunday?|Sorry but can i get your destination please?
Going to Cambridge.|The 09:16 train from Norwich to Cambridge does leave on Sunday. You would arrive by 10:35. Would you like this train booked or would you like another time?
please get me  the reference number.I am  also looking for a restaurant. The restaurant should be in the center and should serve Turkish food|Yes your reference number is 859RV3PT.
cool thanks for your help|For your restaurant recommendation we have meze bar restaurant on 196 Mill Road City Centre. Would that work?
Perfect. I'd like a table for 7 at 18:00 sunday.|I can book that for you now.
If there isn't a table for Sunday Wednesday will work as well.|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : FJ0AHWE8. Is there anything else?
what day was it booked for? sunday or wednesday?|It is reserved for Sunday. Is that acceptable? I can change if necessary.
It is exactly the day I wanted.  Thank you very much for your time.  Have a nice day!|You're very welcome! Is there anything else you need help with today?
No that is all! Thank you!|Have a nice day.
Can you find me a place with free parking to stay in the centre?|I can help with that, are you looking for a guesthouse or a hotel?
A guesthouse with three star rating could be great.|There are no guesthouses with 3 star but there is a 3 star hotel that offers free parking and free wifi. It is called Gonville Hotel.
Please book me that hotel, it fits my preferences.|Excellent. For how many people and for how long?
What is the price range, address and phone number of the hotel?|The hotel is expensive. The address is Gonville Place, and the phone number is 01223366611.
I'm also looking for a really nice restaurant that serves modern european food. Can you help me with that?|Sure! There is one restaurant meeting that criteria.  It is the Darrys Cookhouse & Wine Shop. Would you like me to make a reservation?
What is the price range of this restaurant and is it located near the hotel?|They're both in the centre of town, and the restaurant has a price range of expensive.
I would like a table for 5 on Sunday at 19:30 at Darrys Cookhouse, please.|Sorry, a table isn't available at that time. Would you like to book another day or time?
Yes, can I have a table for 18:30 on the same day?|Ok I have booked your table for 5 at 18:30 on Sunday. Your reference number is 4PXENUHG. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, I need a taxi to commute between the two places. I need to arrive to the restaurant by 18:30. Can you get me a contact number and car type?|Okay, it been booked. The car type is a yellow ford and your contact number is 07565490512. Can I help you with anything else?
Nope that should be it, thank you very much|You're welcome. Have a beautiful stay in our fair city.
Please book dinner reservations for five people on Saturday at the India House restaurant.|It is located at 31 Newnham Road Newnham. But, I cannot perform the booking function as yet.
Really? I need at table at 14:00 Wednesday for 4 people.|The booking was successful. The reference number is MNFWDWLV.
What about a booking for Sunday?|I have also reserved for Saturday evening
Can you book Sunday as well like I asked please?|My apologies, I will cancel the Saturday booking, what time on Sunday would you like me to reserve?
same time please.|You're all set! Your reference number is I64XBD1R
Sorry change of plans can you cancel and book for monday now please?|I have table for 4 booked for Monday at 14:00 with the reference number E7SLGC6T
Thanks. I'm also looking for an expensive 3 star hotel. I'd like it to have free wifi and parking.|The two hotels meeting your needs are the gonville hotel in the centre; and the lensfield hotel in the south. Which one do you prefer?
Either is fine as long as it has free parking and expensive price range. I will need the postcode as well.|Great, which day and how many people should I book for?
I'm looking for a moderate priced place to dine in the centre of town|I've got many here that match that description. Would you like a specific food type? Maybe British food?
How about Chinese food?|jinling noodle bar is a chinese restaurant in the centre, 11 Peas Hill City Centre
That sounds great! Can you see if there's a table for 3 available at 16:00 on Monday?|Your table for 3 has been reserved on Monday at 16:00 at Jinling Noodle Bar. Your reference number is 3UL0PL4Q. Can I help with anything else today?
Great. i also need to find  a place to stay in the same price range as the restaurant and I am looking for a hotel.|Would you also like that in the same area as the restaurant?
Yes, please, so moderately priced hotel in the centre.|I have one listing for cityroomz in the centre of town.
Great, we need that booked as well starting monday for 5 nights.|Will there be three people for the hotel reservation as well?
Yes, I need a booking for 3 people.|Booking was successful! Your reference number is ZXKNH4XD. Is there anything else I can do for you?
I also need a taxi.|Your taxi is booked from cityroomz to jinling noodle bar for arrival at your 16:00 reservation. Your taxi is a red Honda. The contact number is 07715873440. Anything else?
No you have been great! Thank you for all your help.|Thank you for contacting us and have a nice day.
I am looking for a restaurant in the expensive price range that serves Belgian food.|I have nothing available meeting your request, would you like to try a different price range or another type of cuisine?
Yes, is there any expensive European eateries?|Yes, there are 4 expensive restaurants serving european food. Which area would you like?
What is the address of the restaurant?|Michaelhouse Cafe is at St. Michael's Church Trinity Street City Centre. How does that sound?
What is its phone number?|The phone number is 01223 309147.
Okay, thanks. And what area is it in please?|It is in the centre part of town.
That's good, thanks.|Would you like anything else?
That's all. Thank you, goodbye!|your welcome. thanks for calling
I need to find a moderately priced north indian restaurant.|I'm sorry, I didn't have any luck with those requirements.  Can I look for something else?
How about an Italian restaurant, then?|Is there a particular area of town that you would like to dine in?
Any would be fine.|I recommend pizza express Fen Ditton in the centre area, would you like more info or a booking?
That sounds good to me. Can you please book a table for 8 at 12:15 on Saturday?|You are booked for a table for 8 on Saturday at 12:15. Your reference number is 9VEG3PSD. Can I help you with anything else?
I also will need a train.|Where will you be leaving from?
I will depart from Birmingham New Street.|What day are you traveling and what is your destination?
I'll be leaving birmingham new street and going to Cambridge. I need to arrive by 09:30.|What day are you wanting to travel?
the same day as the restaurant booking and should arrive by 09:30.|TR4463 will get you there by 09:23, would you like more info or a booking?
Awesome! You were a huge help. Thanks.|Thank you for using our service today!
I'm looking for a cheap Chinese restaurant.|How about Charlie Chan in the centre right by Regent Street City Centre?
If that is cheap, it sounds perfect to me.|It is cheap. Would you like me to book that?
No need to book anything. But can you give me their address please?|Certainly. The address is Regent Street City Centre. Do you need anything else today?
Thanks. Is there a college nearby?|Downing College is also located on Regent Street, would you like their information?
May I have their address please?|Downing College is located in the city centre, the phone number is 01223334860, admission is free, the postal code is cb21dq.
Okay, thank you for your help. That's all.|Enjoy your day, and thank you!
I am looking for a restaurant to book a reservation. I want asian oriental in the expensive price range|I have two choices for you. One on the north side of town and one in the city center. Any preferences?
Let's try the one on the north side of town. I'd like to make reservations, if possible.|I can try to make that reservation for you. What day are you looking to eat on, how many are in your party, and what time would you like?
I would like the reservation for 5 people at 18:45 on Friday.|I have made those reservations your reference number is WK0CPIFS
Thanks so much. Can you also help me look for a train?|I sure can.  Which stations will you be using?
I need to get to Cambridge from Peterborough by 13:15 on the the same day as my reservation.|The TR7877 arrives by 13:09. Would you like to book that one?
Yes please. I need 5 tickets.|The Booking was successful, the total fee is 82.5 GBP payable at the station. Reference number is : JU3L0EZL. Is there anything else you need?
No, that is all for today. Thank you so much for your help!|I'm happy I could help you. Enjoy your trip. Good bye.
I'm looking for a restaurant named hakka|The hakka is a chinese restaurant in the north area. Would you like to make a booking today?
Can I make a book a table for 7 people on thursday at 12:15?|I apologize but I was not able to book you for the restaurant. Would you like for me to find you another restaurant?
Is there another restaurant in the same area that is in the same price range?|Saigon City is also in the expensive price range and on the north side of town. They have asian oriental cuisine. Shall we try there?
Yes please for 7 people at 12:15 on thursday please. I will need the reference number too|I have booked a reservation at 12:15 for 7 people on Thursday. The reference number is KLOFPFUM. Is there anything else I can do for you?
No, that's perfect. Thank you so much.|Thank you for using our system!
Have a nice day, good bye.|If there is anything else, don't hesitate to contact us again.  Good bye.
Hi, could you tell me the phone number and address of the nearest Mexican restaurant?|Chiquito restaurant bar is at 2G Cambridge Leisure Park Cherry Hinton Road Cherry Hinton and their phone number is 01223 400170.
Thank you, goodbye.|your welcome good bye
I would like a cheap restaurant in the south part of town|There is portuguese and chinese restaurants that are cheap in the south part of town. Which do you prefer?
Either is fine, could you provide me their address and post code?|Nandos address is Cambridge Leisure Park Clifton Way and thier post code is C.B 1, 7 D.Y
I would like to know which type of food Nandos is serving.|Nandos serves Portuguese food. Will there be anything else I can help you with today?
No thanks. Goodbye.|Thank you for using this system. Goodbye.
Hi, I'm looking for an expensive restaurant.|We have quite a few expensive restaurants.  Do you have any preferences as far as area or cuisine type?
Thai food, in the centre of town.|You should try Bangkok City it meets all your criteria and is really great.  Would you like to book a table?
Yes, please book the table.|How many in your party? What day and time would you like to book for?
There are 2 of us.  I need the reservation for 14:30 on Wednesday.|The booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Your reference number is : ZSDXS5VK.  Is there anything else I can do to assist you?
Yes I am looking for a place to stay that is in the same area as the restaurant, is a hotel and includes free parking.|The Gonville hotel is in the same area as the restaurant and has free parking.  Their phone number is 01223366611.
What is the post code for the Gonville Hotel?|Postcode is cb11ly. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
I also need a taxi to get me there and back.|Where would you like to depart from?
I want to go from the hotel to the restaurant and need to arrive in time for my reservation. Can you book that and then give me the relevant info?|Your taxi reservation has been booked. You will be picked up by a white Honda at 14:15 at the Gonville Hotel headed to Bangkok City. The Contact number is 07851072379
My visit is all set. Thanks for all your help. Goodbye for now.|You're welcome! Have a great day!
Does Cambridge have an Indian restaurant in the Centre of town?|I have 9 indian restaurants. Do you have a price range in mind?
I need a cheap one.|I have 3, the gandhi is a great place.  shall I book a table for you?
Yes, please. I need a reservation for 7 people at 5:15 on Sunday.|I have booked that for you, reference number is ZB89D8NC. Do you need anything else?
I also need to book a train for my trip to Cambridge.|Where will you be departing from? And what day would you like to travel?
I will be leaving from Birmingham New Street on Sunday.|Would you like to specify a departure or arrival time?
I'll depart anytime as long as I can get to Cambridge by 08:30.|Okay. How about TR8730, which would depart at 05:40 and arrive by 08:23?
Sounds good. Please, may I have the price, travel time, and departure time?|TR8730 has a fare of 60.08 GBP, the trip is 163 minutes, and it departs at 05:40. Would you like to book tickets? Or can I help you with anything else?
Great, that's all I need, thanks so much for your help! Have a great day!|You have a great day as well.  If you need anything else, please do not hesitate to call back.  Goodbye!
I am looking for Ian hong house|That is a chinese restaurant in the centre of town.
Ok I'd like to book for 6 people at 1400 on saturday please|I have that booked for you and here is your reference number: XDYJMTO7. Is there anything else?
No, you were super efficient. Thank you. Goodbye.|It was my pleasure. Have a great day!
I'm looking for a place to stay in the moderate price range. It doesn't need to have free parking.|There are quite a number of hotels that fit your description. Any preferences in location or food served?
It should be on the east side, and have free wifi, no food preferences though.|I have 3 results for moderately priced guesthouses on the east side.  All have 4 star ratings and free wifi, do you need parking?
I do not need free parking. Can you book one of them for Thursday? I have 8 people and we need to stay for 2 nights.|Great I was able to book A and B guest house, the reference is VMWIVZV7.
Thank you for your help in booking the hotel for me!|You are welcome. Goodbye!
I also also need a place to eat in the moderate price range in the same area as the hotel|Sure I have two Indian restaurants and one Italian restaurant matching your price and area preference. Do any sound good to you?
I would like to book a table at the Italian restaurant for 8 people on Thursday at 14:45. Can I have the reference number for that as well?|Okay you're all set.  Your reference number is U37O50HC.  Is there anything else?
Yes, I would like to book a taxi from the hotel to the restaurant.|I was able to book a blue honda, phone number is 07521143616
Great thank you for all your help|Not a problem, have a great day!
Can you help me find a chinese restaurant?|Absolutely! What area and price range are you looking for?
Something in the Centre please.|Sorry, I couldn't find anything in the centre. Want to try another location or cuisine?
Can you check for a Chinese place with a different price range?|There are no Chinese restaurants in the centre, regardless of price. Want to try another location or cuisine?
What cuisines is in that area?|I'm sorry, there are actually 10 chinese restaurants located in the centre.  Do you have a price range preference?
I am in interested in making a reservation for 6 people at 18:00 on Saturday at a moderately priced restaurant.|Sounds like you have a fun evening planned, let make sure we have the right place for you all, any preference on price range?
I would like a moderately priced restaurant please.|I have booked you successfully at Jinling Noodle Bar on Saturday at 18:00. Your reference number is 2MOF0BGV.  Is there anything else I could help you with?
i also want a train to go to stansted airport|Ok I can certainly help with that. Please let me know your departure site, what day you want to travel, and when you want to leave or arrive by.
I'm heading to stansted airport from Cambridge on Friday and any train that leaves after 08:15 will work|TR7827 leaves cambridge on Friday at 08:40 and arrives at Stansted airport at 09:08. Will that work for you?
That sounds good. Please give me the travel time and ticket price.|The price is 10.10 pounds.
What is the travel and arrival time? Thank you.|The train leaves at 8:40 and arrives at 9:08.
That is all thanks.|It has been a pleasure helping you today. Thank you for calling! Goodbye.
Hi I'm excited to try an international restaurant in the centre, are they are I can go to?|We have two moderately priced options, the varsity restaurant and bloomsbury restaurant, any preferences?
the varsity restaurant sounds good. Could you book a table for 7 people at 14:45 on saturday?|I have you booked, the reference number is 206RQ761, can I help with anything else?
Thanks! I also need a train from Cambridge to London Liverpool Street.|What day would you like to travel? Is there a time you would like to leave or arrive by?
I will be traveling on Sunday.|There are many trains available on Sunday. Any particular time?
I need that leaves after 15:15.|TR0189 leaves at 15:59. Is that alright for you?
that is very ok|How many tickets would you like?
7 tickets please and I'll also need to get a reference number from you, just in case|7 tickets on TR0189 is 92.96 GBP. You can pay that at the station. Your Reference number is : GAH6RYK1. Can I assist you with anything else?
No. I think you've met all of my needs today. Thank you.|I am glad to help. Enjoy !
I have a question about places to go in Cambridge today.|Sure, what is your question?
I'd like to visit a college and need to know the area, phone number, and entrance fee if that applies.|Clare Hall is a great college in the western part of town. They have free admission. Would this interest you? Or shall I try a different college?
What is their phone number?|Their phone number is 01223332360
i'm also looking for a specific restaurant.|What is the name of the restaurant?
It is Da Vinci Pizzeria. I need a booking for 3 people at 17:45 on Monday.|I was able to reserve that table for you. Your reference number is VJ04SVH4. Anything else I can help you with today?
No, thank you. That will be all today. Goodbye.|Great! Have a great day!
I love the centre of Cambridge but I always spend too much, are there cheap places to eat there so I can stay within my budget?|Yes, there are several. Charlie Chan serves Chinese food, there's Mahal of Cambridge for Indian, La Raza has Spanish cuisine, and there are a few others. Would you like more?
restaurant should serve indian food is what I need|There are three cheap Indian restaurants in the centre: Kohinoor, The Gandhi, and Mahal of Cambridge. Would you like to make a reservation at one?
HOw about mahal and can you give their phone number and postcode?|Their phone number is 01223360409 and their postal code is cb21rq.
Great.  I'm also looking for a train.  I need to leave after 16:15 from London Liverpool Street.|Which day would you like to travel by train?
I'll need it to be on Tuesday. I'm going to Cambridge.|TR2855 will leave at 17:39, would that work for you?
make a booking for 1 people.
Make sure you get the reference number|I have booked the ticket for you, reference 4O9ZT5ZD.
thank you very much.|Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
That is all, make it a great day!|Thanks! You have a great day as well!
We would like to find a restaurant that is north of town.|There are 9 restaurants that match your request. What price range are you interested in?
Please find me one in the expensive price range.|What type of food would you like?
I don't care as long as it's expensive.|Hakka is an expensive Chinese restaurant in the north. Would you like to reserve a table?
No. Please get me their address instead.|Certainly. Hakka's address is Milton Road in Chesterton. What else can I assist with?
give me information about tenpin and a taxi to commute between these two places|Tenpin is great entertainment located on Cambridge Leisure Park, Clifton Way.   What day do you need the taxi for?
Could I get the postcode for Tenpin?|The postcode for Tenpin is cb17dy.
Thank you! Sorry about that. I will need a taxi to leave the attraction by 05:00.|I can set that up for you. where are you going?
I need to go from the attraction by 05:00 to the restaurant.|Booking completed!
Booked car type	:	red volvo
Contact number	:	07731620452
thanks for all of your help!|You're welcome. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No. I'm good. Thanks a lot. Goodbye.|Have a nice day.
I am looking for a restaurant called the Slug and Lettuce.|I found a listing for the Slug and Lettuce.  The address is 34 - 35 Green Street in the center of town.  It serves gastropub food.
that sounds great. Could you make a reservation at 16:00 for 2 people this Saturday?|Unfortunately the booking was unsuccessful, would you like to try a different restaurant or different day and time?
Yes, is there anything else in the same vicinity and the same general price range?|I have Backstreet Bistro and The Cow Pizza Kitchen Bar. They both serve gastropub food. Which one do you prefer?
Nah, either one is fine. I need a reference number though.|Ok, I have booked you at the backstreet bistro. Reference number 42VFS0SM. Is there anything else I can help you with?
That will be all. Thank you for your help!|Okay. Glad I could help.
Can you help me find a british restaurant in the centre?|There are 7 moderate and expensive restaurants in the centre; do you have a price range you prefer?
Anything is fine. I need a reservation for 2 at 11:15 on Monday.|The reservation at The Copper Kettle on Monday at 11:15 for 2 people was successful. Your Reference number is : PLRLM5II.
Thank you so much for your help.|Glad to be of assistance.  Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Can you please give me some information about downing college?|that is located at the centre
Yes, can you tell me how much is the entrance fee?|Downing College has a free entrance fee.
Sweet, I will head there now.   Thank you that is all I need, you have rocked my world.|Any time more than happy to help.
No, that's all I needed. thanks again.|No problem! Enjoy yourself.
Can you find me a restaurant with a moderate price range?|That will be no problem. We have 31 moderately priced restaurants in the city. Is there a cuisine you'd prefer?
I'll just take the first one on the list. Can you make a reservation for 6 at 15:30 on Saturday?|I've book you at lan hong house, located at 12 Norfolk Street City Centre. Your reference number is XPQ6J119.
Thank you so much!|May I help you with anything else such as lodging or area attractions?
No thank you. Thank you for your help.|Let us know if you need help, good day.
Do you have any restaurants that serve caribbean food?|There are no Caribbean restaurants. Would you like something else?
What about a restaurant that serves Chinese food? What is their phone number?|There are many Chinese restaurants to choose from. Do you have a preferred area of town?
no, it doesn't matter|Let me provide you with a couple options, Charlie Chan- phone 01223 361763 or Golden House - phone 01842 753771
Thank you, goodbye|Thank you for calling. Goodbye.
Find me a train that leaves on Sunday after 14:00 please|Certainly. Where are you headed?
I am leaving norwich going to cambridge on sunday and I need a train that leaves the station any time after 14:00|TR5234 will leave at 14:16, would that work for you?
Yes. Give me the ref number please.|In order to get a ref number I must complete a booking first. How many tickets would you like me to book for you?
I would like one train ticket please.|Your reservation for 1 ticket on the TR5234 train was successful. Your Reference number is : PGQKG62W. Is there anything else I can do for you?
Yes I am looking for a moderate priced place to eat in the east. Phone #, postcode and food type please|You have three options for moderately priced restaurants. Do you prefer indian or italian food?
I would prefer Italian but Indian would be good as well. I will need the phone number and postcode of the restaurant. Thanks!|The place is called The Curry Prince and the phone number is: 01223566388 and the post code is: cb58jj.
Thanks for helping me with this.  I appreciate it!  Goodbye!|My pleasure.  Have a great day.
Hello, I am looking for a moderately priced restaurant that serves gastropub food.|The Cow Pizza Kitchen and Bar serves Gastropub food and is in the moderate price range.
May I please have the phone number?|01223 308871 Will that be all?
Thank You that's all|You're welcome!
I need to find a hotel with free parking and wifi that is close to local restaurants.|I have found 29 results for hotels, would you like to narrow them down to a particular location or star rating?
Something in the east would be good!|There are only 6 hotels located in the east that match your request. 5 of which are guesthouses, is that okay?
Any one of them is fine. Please book for 5 people and 2 nights starting from tuesday.|I've successfully booked you 2 nights for 5 guests at the Allenbell, starting Tuesday. Reference number is : 8APE3CJZ. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Yes I also need to find a restaurant in the moderate price range in the same area as the hotel.|I've found 3 restaurants in that area in the moderate price range. Two are Indian food and one is Italian food. Would one of these work for you?
I would like the address and phone number for both restaurants.|The Indian restaurants are: The Curry Prince, 451 Newmarket Road Fen Ditton cb58jj, phone number 01223566388; and Rajmahal, 7 Barnwell Road Fen Ditton cb58rg; phone number 01223244955.
Wonderful, thank you for your time!|It's my pleasure! Have a great day!
I want to find a moderately priced restaurant in the north part of town. What is the phone number?|golden wok is in the moderate price range and is in the north area of town.
Is there anything else in the expensive range in the north area of town?|Yes, there is an expensive French restaurant called restaurant two two .
What is the phone number of that one please?|the phone number of it is 01223 351880.
What is the phone number?|Restaurant Two Two's phone number is 01223 351880. How else may I assist you?
That is all. Thank you.|My pleasure.  Goodbye.
Is there any train to stevenage that leaves after 15:45?|What day would you like the train for?
I will be travelling from Cambridge on Saturday,|TR4216 leaves at 17:21. Does that work for you?
What time will it arrive?|The train will arrive by 18:10
Thanks! I'm also looking for a place to eat in the centre if you don't mind.|There are lots to choose from. First, may I ask if you have a certain type of cuisine you are looking for?
I'd like a modern european restaurant.|riverside brasserie serves modern european food. Would you like me to book seats?
yes, please. 8 people at 12:00 on saturday.|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : 2Q3DVUFC. Anything else I can do for you?
No that's all for today, thank you.|Thank you for calling. If you need additional assistance, please feel free to call again. Have a great time in Cambridge! Goodbye.
Let's find me a cheap eatery in the north part of the town. Thank you.|There are 2 places in the north that are in the cheap price range.  Royal Spice which serves Indian food and Da Vinci Pizzeria.  Do either sound good to you?
Royal Spice sounds good.  Can you reserve a table for 2 at 17:45 on Sunday?|Sure reference number is CH9ZLEFO
I also need a place to stay|Could you tell me what area you would like to stay in, and if you require parking or wifi?
I want somewhere with 0 stars and free wifi that is cheap and in the north, just like my restaurant|I have found the City Centre North B and B guesthouse.  It is cheap and has 0 stars.
Can you tell me the postcode?|Sure. The postcode is cb43ht. Can I help you with anything else today?
I'm going to need a taxi also.|Okay, please tell me where you will depart from, your destination, and a time that you either wish to leave or arrive by
The hotel to the restaurant....|The taxi booking has been completed! Look out for a yellow bmw the contact number is 07132659323. Anything else I can assist with today?
That does it for now, thank you.|Great.  Thanks for talking to us!
Hi, I am looking for a restaurant in the centre area where I can eat russian food.|Unfortunately, there aren't any russian restaurants in that location. Would you like another type of food, or perhaps a different location?
Then how about one that serves chinese food?|There are 5 such restaurants. I recommend the rice house. Would you like a reservation?
Yes could you make a booking for 8 people at 16:00 on thursday?|The rice house if booked full for that time. I could try the Charlie Chan, or the Golden House for you, if you wish.
Sure that's fine try any one of those. I'll need the reference number too please.|I was able to book you a table at the Jinling Noodle Bar on Regent Street.  Your reference number is GJPTB7CD.  Is that all for today?
Yes that will be all.  Thanks for your help.  Bye.|Enjoy your meal at the jinling noodle bar. Have a great day.
Can you find a college for me to visit?|There are 18 colleges in Cambridge. Do you have an area in mind?
No, where would you recommend?|Easiest would be to find the closest one. You can always visit Christ's college in the centre
May I have their phone number please?|Christ's College is located in the centre of town and their phone number is 01223334900
Thank you may I also have a name of a restaurant that is moderately priced and serves European food.  Located in the South?|Restaurant Alimentum at 152-154 Hills Road is my all time favorite.
Fantastic.  Can you book a table for 7 on Saturday at 19:00?|I have you booked for 7 at restaurant alimentum on Saturday at 19:00. Their address is 152 - 154 Hills Road and their phone number is 01223413000.
Thank you. Thank is all. Good bye.|Have a nice day!
I'd like to find an expensive gastropub, should you have such a beast.|I show 3. they are in the expensive price range. 2 are in the centre and 1 is in the east. May I book a table for you?
Yes, can you find out if any of them have an opening at 11:45 on Wednesday for 6 people?|Yes, Backstreet Bistro has an opening for 6 people at 11:45 on Wednesday.
Please book it them and please let me have the reference number when you are done.|It turns out, they were all booked, but I was able to get you a table at the slug and lettuce with reference number PGV6HF9F. May I help with anything else?
No but I will try that place.|Have a great day!
Thank you!|Enjoy your visit and do not hesitate to call if you need any more assistance.
I'm looking for a place to dine.|Certainly. What type of food interests you?
I like ethnic food, particularly Indian food.|Great, I have a bunch of options for you. Do you have a certain area and price range you are looking for?
The restaurant should be in the expensive price range and should serve indian food.|There are 14 expensive Indian restaurants. Which area do you prefer?
Area does not matter to me. Please Book it for 5 people at 19:30 on Wednesday. I also need the reference number.|I'm sorry, sir, I'm having trouble making that booking. Would you like to try for a different time or a different day?
Yes, Please book 5 people at 18:30. I also need the reference number.|Your booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. The reference number is XOT3L3NR.
Thank you, good bye!|Thank you and enjoy your stay in Cambridge!
Please help me find a moderately priced restaurant located in the centre. Thanks.|how about Colto, it serves british food, is in the city centre  and is moderately priced
No thanks, is there any turkish restaurants in the same price range and area?|Yes, there are 2 restaurants that fit that criteria, Anatolia and Efes Restaurant.
give me its address,phone number, and postcode please|Anatolia is at 30 bridge street city centre, 01223362372 and postcode is cb21uj.  efes is at king street city centre.  Phone is 01223500005 and postcode is cb11ln.
Thank you. I also need a train going to London Liverpool Street please|What day were you looking to travel?
I would like to travel on Friday, departing from cambridge and arriving by 18:00.|Okay, the TR9956 leaves at 15:59 and arrives by 17:27. Would you like me to book a reservation for you?
yes please and make them three tickets|Booking was successful, the total fee is 49.8 GBP payable at the station. Reference number is : O2OFXV6A. Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
That is all I needed today thank you.|enjoy your stay in Cambridge!
I would like to find an expensive restaurant in the south part of town.|What type of cuisine would you prefer?
i dont care.|The chiquito restaurant bar is in the south part of town and is in the expensive price range. Would you like their location?
Are there any others?|Yes, there is frankie and bennys, italian restaurant in the expensive price range and in south. Do you want the address?
I would like the phone number and postcode, please.|The phone number for frankie and bennys is  01223 412430 and postcode is C.B 1, 7 D.Y
Nope, that'll do it. Thank you very much!|Thank you for using our system. Good bye
I want to find an expensive restaurant located in Cambridge centre.|What type of food would you like?
I am in the mood for Chinese food, please.|I have found 4 restaurants that fit that description. How does HK Fusion sound?
Perfect. I need a table for 1 at 19:45 on thursday.|OK I have that booked the reference number is EBZIPGV2.
Great that is all I need. Thanks.|You're welcome, please call us again in the future. Have a great day.
Will do! Thank you, hope you have an amazing day as well.|I am glad the Cambridge TownInfo centre helped you. Goodbye.
Find a moderately priced place for me please.|What type of food do you want?
I don't care.|which area would you like?
On the east side of town, please.|rajmahal is a moderately priced restaurant in the east part of town.
Great! what is the phone number?|the phone number is 01223 244955, Is there anything I can help you with?
Thank you, goodbye.|Thank you for using the Cambridge Restaurant Phone System. Enjoy your meal!
I'm looking for places to visit on the south side of town.|I have museums, nightclubs, entertainment venues and cinema. is there a particular attraction you are looking for?
I'm open to anything really. Surprise me and recommend one and get me the address.|I recommend the Byard Art Museum at 14 King's Parade in postcode cb21sj. Can I help you with anything else?
please give me information about the gandhi|It is an Indian restaurant located in the centre area of town.  Were you interested in book a table?
Yes, could you please book a table for me thank you.|What day and time would you like?
It would be for Saturday for 4 people at 20:00 please.|A table has been booked for four people on Saturday at 20:00. It will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is TSS303TH. How else may I help you?
Oh yeah, I just remembered, I'm going to need a taxi to commute between these two locations.|I want to confirm you are departing byard art to arrive at Gandhi restaurant by 20:00. Is this correct?
yes this is correct.|I have booked your taxi. Be expecting a blue Lexus. Please call 07043827039 should you need to reach them.
Thank you for your help.|Thank you for using the Cambridge TownInfo Center. Goodbye
I am looking for Italian food in the north part of town.|da vinci pizzeria is an italian restaurant located in the north part of town
May I have the address and phone number of da vinci pizzeria?|da vinci pizzeria is located at 20 Milton Road Chesterton. Their phone number is 01223 351707. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Thank you. Goodbye.|You're welcome. Please enjoy your day.
i need a place to stay|What side of town or price range were you looking at?
Price doesn't matter but would like a 4 star hotel in the west that includes free parking.|Yes are you interested in a cheap or expensive place to stay?
that is not a issue. book it for 7 people and 4 nights starting from tuesday.|I have booked you at The Cambridge Belfry hotel. Reference number is : VJSD7MP1. Is there anything else I can do?
Thanks. Can you give me some information about the varsity restaurant?|It is an international restaurant, in the moderate price range. Would you like to reserve a table?
Yes, please.  I need a reservation for 7 at 12:00 on Tuesday.|I have booked the Varsity Restaurant for 7 people on Tuesday at 12:00. The reference number is: 738I9LRF.
Great, thank you so much!|Is there anything more I can assist you with today?
No thank you! Thanks for all your help!|Have a great day!
Thank you, you as well.|enjoy your stay in cambridge
I'd like a train to Cambridge on Friday|I can get you a ticket that leaves london kings cross at 05:17 or do you need a later time than that?
Yes, I would need to leave after 08:00 please.|Can I just confirm your departure station please?
Sorry, I will be leaving from Norwich.|I have train TR3292 leaving norwich at 8:16 and arriving in cambridge at 9:35. Would you like to make a reservation for this train?
That sounds good. Can you book it for 7 people?|Yes I will book it for 7 people, and give you the reference number.
Okay, well, let me know when you have that.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 123.2 GBP payable at the station. Reference number is : 9F6CEFRF.
Perfect, thank you!  I'm also looking for a restaurant called Kohinoor.  Can you help me with that as well?|74 Mill Road City Centre is its address
What is the post code please?|Kohinoor is in postcode cb12as. Can I help you with anything else?
No. That's all I need for now. Thank you so much.|Your welcome. Please contact us again.
Can you help me find some entertainment in Cambridge?|There are many things to do in Cambridge; clubs, museums, churches, boating etc. What would you like to do?
I don't care but I need the area, entrance fee, and postcode of entertainment available in town.|I'd recommend All Saints Church in the centre. Their postcode is cb58bs and they have free entrance. Anything else I can help you with?
Yes, I am looking for a place to dine.  Can you recommend a restaurant in the expensive price range that serves Swiss food?|I'm sorry, there are no Swiss restaurants in the area.  Do you have another kind in mind that I could assist with?
How about British food?|I have several restaurants which serve British food in different areas of the town. Is there an area you prefer?
I'm sorry I did not want British food.  Are there any chinese restaurants instead located in the centre area?|Yes, I have found 4. Ugly duckling, tang chinese, hk fusion and sesame restaurant and bar. Would you like any of these?
Which is your favorite? Can you get me the address, postcode, and phone number? I'll give them a call myself.|i would recommend the sesame restaurant and bar the address is 17 Hills Road City Centre, cb21nw. phone number is 01223358899. is there anything else i can assist with?
No that is all. Thank you.|You're welcome. Have a great day!
I need to find a place that serves European food to eat at.|I have 11 results for european restaurants, what area would you like to dine in?
In the centre, sorry didn't I mention that?|What price range are you looking for?
I need one in the expensive range.|There are three options: eraina, michehouse cafe, and darry's cookhouse and wine shop. Which would you prefer?
Wine shop sound good. Could I have their address and postcode please?|Their address is 40270 King Street City Centre and the post code is cb11ln.
Thank you so much. Can you help me book a train too?|I certainly can. Which departure and destination did you have in mind?
I'd like to depart Cambridge on Sunday sometime after 9:45.|Where would you be going to?
I'll be heading to Stevenage.|I have the TR8464 train leaving at 11:21 and arriving at 12:10.  Would that be good?
That sounds perfect! Can you book me 6 tickets for that train please?|I have you booked on that train.  Your confirmation numbers is  NLV3A4JF.
I appreciate all your help. Goodbye.|You're welcome. Have a lovely day.
Can you tell me the location of an Indian restaurant in the centre?|Cambridge has several centrally located Indian restaurants, what price range are you looking for?
In the cheap price range.|There are 3 restaurants in this range. Kohinoor on Mill Road, the gandhi on Regent Street, and mahal of cambridge on Millers Yard Mill Lane. Do any of these sound good?
The Gandhi sounds good. Can you book that for 2 people please?|What day and time would you like your reservation?
I would like the reservation at 14:00 on Wednesday.|OK, you have a table for 2 at The Gandhi on Wednesday at 14:00. Reference number is : C64LQ6ZX. Can I be of further assistance today?
Yes. I need to find a train from cambridge to birmingham new street on thursday.|There are 19 trains that day. Do you have a preferred arrival or departure time?
I just need it to leave after 13:30. Can you tell me the train ID, price, and travel time for the first train after 13:30?|Sure - TR9360 departs cambridge at 14:01, arriving birmingham new street at 16:44. The total travel time is 163 minutes, and the price is 75.10 GBP per ticket.
Fantastic. That is all I need.|Thank you for using our service, contact us anytime you need assistance in the future!
I need a train going to cambridge that leaves after 14:45.|Where are you coming from?
I want a train department from Cambridge and going to Birmingham New Street on Friday at 14:45.|I can put you on the tr8842 it leaves at 15:17 how many tickets please
Two tickets please.|There is an error in that train booking could I book the TR2519 from Cambridge to Birmingham New Street, on Friday, departing at 15:01?
Yes, that would be great. I'd like to book two tickets and I'll need a reference number, please?|Booking was successful, the total fee is 150.19 GBP payable at the station. Reference number is : LCEXHUAZ.
I'm also looking for a chinese restaurant that is semi expensive. I would like it the same day I arrive.|Sure, there are a number of expensive options.  Did you have a certain part of town in mind?
No specific area for the restaurant.|the good luck chinese food takeaway fits those criteria, can I make a booking for you?
Yes, I would like to book it for 2 people at 10:00 please.  I'll need it for Friday please.  Can I get the reference number please?|Of course.  I reserved the table for you.  Your reference number is D9XHCFDT.
Thank you for your help.|Do you need me to book transport or provide anymore info?
that is all for now, thank you very much.|You're welcome, have a great day!
I am looking for a Persian restaurant with expensive price range food.|Unfortunately I can't find any matching records. Could you like to try any other food type?
Oh, how disappointing. There are no expensive persian restaurants in the center of town?|No, I am afraid I have no listing for one. Would you like to try another area or pricerange?
Is there a italian restaurant in the centre of town in the expensive range?|Yes there are 4 italian restuarants that are expensive in the centre of town.  Stazione, Clowns Cafe, Don Pasquale Pizzaria, and Cafe Uno.  Would you like a reservation?
I've heard good things about Clowns Cafe. Do you have the address?|Clowns Cafe is located at 54 King Street City Centre.
Do you know of any nightclubs in the area?|There are 5 in that area: Ballare, Club Salsa, Kambar, Soul Tree Nightclub, and The Fez Club. Would you like more information about 1 of these?
All of those sound great. Can you recommend one and just give me the postcode and entrance fee?|The ballare is perfect. cb23na is the postcode and the entrance fee is 5 pounds.
Thanks. Now can you have a taxi take me from the restaurant to Ballare? I want to leave after 18:30. I'll need car type and contact number too.|Booking completed!
Booked car type	:	black honda
Contact number	:	07608331864 Is there anything else I can help you with?
Thanks for that! Can you double check when the car is picking me up? I think I misspoke - I'd like to leave the restaurant by 18:30, not after.|I have you leaving by that time in the black Honda. May I help with anything else?
That is all I needed. Thanks for all your help!|You're welcome, have a safe trip.
I'm coming to visit Cambridge! I can't wait to see all of the local tourist attractions! Do you have any Mediterranean restaurants around there?|Oh yes we have at least three restaurants located in the city center that serve Mediterranean food. They vary in price range. Do you have a preference?
Yes, expensive. The food should serve eritrean food. British if that's not available.|There is La Mimosa and Shiraz restaurant that are both in the Centre and both expensive.  Would you like me to book one of these for you?
Yes, book the Shiraz for one at 11:00 on Monday, please.|Sorry they seem to be full. Could we try another time/
Um. How about 10:00?|Your booking was successful for 10:00 on monday. Is there anything else  I can assist you with today?
I will need the reference number. Also, I'm looking for places to go in the south.|The reference number for your booking is AYK7PMNB. Is there any place in particular you wish to go?
I don't know the city very well. Do you have any recommendations for attractions in the south?|There are eight attractions in that area, is there a type of attraction you would prefer?
A museum if you have it, otherwise I'll take what you have at the top of your list.|I can recommend Byard Art museum. Admission is free.
That sounds perfect! Can I have the address and phone number?|Sure. The phone number is 01223464646 and the address is 14 King's Parade. Is there anything else I can help you with?
That's all I need!|Thank you, please let me know if you have any more question.
I'm looking for an expensive restaurant in the west part of town.|I have found nine restaurants matching your request. Is there a specific type of food you would like?
The restaurant should serve british food.|I think Griffiti would serve you well. Would you like to book a reservation?
Yes please and I will need their phone number for reference please.|Certainly, the phone number is 01223277977. How many people will be dining?
I'm not sure yet. Can you tell me what trains are traveling to cambridge on thursday?|There are five trains traveling on Thursday. The first one leaves at 05:17 and the last leaves at 13:17. What time do you want to leave?
I need to arrive from Stevenage by 14:30, if possible.|There are 4 trains, one is TR1661 and arrives at 12:43, would you like to book that?
Do you have any arrive closer to 14:30 time period? If not I will just need the train ID and departure time.|There is one arriving at 14:43 the TR2833 otherwise the closest one arriving prior to 14:30 is the one I mentioned arriving at 12:43.
Great, that's all I need. Thank you for your help today!|Have a great trip!
I am looking for a korean restaurant in the centre.|Little Seoul is located at 108 Regent Street City Centre.
Can I get the phone number and price range?|The phone number for Little Seoul is 01223 308681 and is located at 108 Regent Street City Centre
Thank you, goodbye|Have a good day!  Goodbye.
Can I get a cantonese restaurant?|I'm sorry there are no cantonese restaurants. Would you like something else?
How about Chinese?|There are several chinese restaurants in town.  Would you prefer something in the cheap, moderate or expensive price range?
I would like the phone number for a moderately priced chinese restaurant.|How about shanghai family restaurant?  Its number is 01223 301761.
Thank you goodbye.|You're very welcome. Have a good evening.
I am looking for a Thai restaurant - any area will do.|Bangkok city is an expensive Thai restaurant in the centre of town.
can i have its phone number and postcode ?|Bangkok City's phone number is 01223 354382 and their postcode is C.B 2, 3 J.X. Can I help you with anything else?
That will be all, thank you. Goodbye.|Thank you for using this system, goodbye!
Can you tell me about any expensive restaurants in the Centre?|We have 33 expensive restaurants in the centre, do you have a specific cuisine in mind?
Yes, I would prefer chinese please.|I have the tang chinese restaurant located at napier street city centre.  Would you like to make reservations?
Yes.  Make a reservation for 8 people on Monday at 11:30.|Okay I found you a Chinese restaurant and wish to make you a booking.
Please book the restaurant as requested. I would also like the reference number.|Reference number is : JCH9E5BI. do you need anything else?
No, that's it. Thanks so much.|You're welcome! You have a great day.
Can you find a place to go in the east?|It's what I do! Are you hoping for something fun, like Funky Fun House, or more relaxing, like the Abbey Pool and Astroturf Pitch?
I think I would like the relaxing option. What kind of place is it and where is it located?|That is a swimmingpool and located at pool way, whitehill road, off newmarket road. Can I help with anything else?
I'm also looking for a restaurant|I'll be happy to help with that. What kind of food are you looking for?
The restaurant should serve indian food.|There are 22 indian restaurants in cambridge. Do you have an area of town or a pricerange in mind?
I would like one that is in the expensive range.|curry garden is a nice place in the centre.
Great! Can you please book a table for 7 people at Curry Garden? Do they have any openings for 19:15 on Monday?|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : L9QZ3HMU. Will there be anything else ?
Thank you so much!  I'm really looking forward to this dinner!|I really hope you enjoy it.  Can I help you with anything else?
No that will be it. Thank you so much.|Thank you for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre.  Goodbye
I am looking for Korean food, in the Centre of town.|There is one Korean restaurant in the centre, Little Seoul.  Would you like the address and phone number?
Is it in the expensive price range?|Yes, it is expensive. Are you interested in booking a table there?
Yes book a table, thank you.|Can you please give me a day and time that you would like to book a table for?
13:45 on monday and a table for 7 please. I will need a reference number too.|Booking was unsuccessful. Do you have a different time preference?
No. How about finding another restaurant in the same area and price range.|How about Kymmoy? It's an Asian restaurant in Expensive price range, located in Centre area.
Sure, try booking that one for the same people, date, and time, please.|I've booked your table for 7 people on Monday at 13:45 at Kymmoy. Your reference number is 1MS5BUU6. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No, that's all I need. Thank you for your assistance!|I was happy to help, enjoy your meal.
What trains will leave from cambrige and arrive by 13:00?|Well, that depends on where you're going and the day you're traveling. Do you have that information?
I need to get your London Kings Cross on Saturday.|There are four trains that meet those criteria. They leave at 5, 7, 9, and 11 and arrive 51 minutes after departure. Would you like me to book one for you?
What is the train id of the one arriving closest to 13:00?|TR5170 is arriving by 11:51, that is the closest time to 13:00 that is showing available. Would you like to book a ticket?
Yes.  I am also looking for a Vietnamese restaurant in the centre|How many will be traveling?
Only me so so just one|I have you booked on TR5170 with reference number KH6HKQ4X. Unfortunately, I have no Vietnamese restaurants in the centre. Would you like to try another type of food or area?
Ok, how about an expensive british restaurant?|In British restaurants you have three choices: Fitzbillies, the Midsummer House, and the Cambridge Chop House.
Could you please send me the address, postcode and phone for the Midsummer House?|The address for the midsummer house restaurant is Midsummer Common, the post code is cb41ha and their phone number is 01223369299. Would you like me to book a reservation?
No, thank you. I can book it later. I think thats all I need for today. Thanks.|So happy I could help you today. Thank you for using the Cambridge Towninfo centre. Have a great day!
I'm hoping you can help me dig up some information about darrys cookhouse and wine shop.|Certainly! Darrys Cookhouse and Wine Shop is an expensive modern European restaurant in the Centre of town at 40270 King Street City Centre. Would you like a reservation?
Thank you! What is their phone number?|Their phone number is 01223505015.
I also need their postcode, please.|Yes, of course  It's postcode is cb11ln.  Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, I would like to find a place to stay in the south area, please.|I have several places to stay available in the south.  What price range would you prefer?
I want something expensive.|It looks like the only expensive one in the south is The Lensfield Hotel.  How does that sound?
Yes please book it for Tuesday for 4 nights and for 5 people.|I successfully booked your stay. Your reference number is 8HAW3UL8. Can I do anything else for you?
thats all thanks|Great!  If we can help you with anything else, please let us know.  We hope you enjoy your stay!
Are there any expensive British restaurants in town?|There are 57 restaurants that match your specifications. Do you want anything more specific?
Yes, I'd like to find one in the west side of town.|I have two restaurants that meet your needs, Graffiti and Travellers Rest. Would you like to make a reservation at one of those?
Yes, I need to book a table for five people at 17:15 for this Thursday.|I am unable to book a restaurant at that time on Thursday. Is there another day or time slot I can check for you?
Will you check 16:15?|A reservation at 16:15 was successful at Graffiti. Your reference number is VCCP7L4M. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Thank you so much.   Have a nice day.  Bye.|You're welcome, have a good meal.
I'm looking for a moderate priced place to dine serving modern european food.|Which specific area are you interested in?
I'm looking for someplace in the center of town.|There are two restaurants fitting your needs, de luca cucina and bar and riverside brasserie. Do either of these sound good to you?
Well I would like modern European food and the prices to be moderate. Do either of these restaurants match those criteria?|De Luca Cucina and Bar and Riverside Brasserie both serve Modern European both are moderate price range. Which would you like?
I would like the address and phone number to De Luca Cucina and Bar. Also looking for places to visit in the same area.|Ok De Luca Cucina and Bar's address is 83 Regent Street and their phone number is 01223356666. For places to visit, did you want it to be in the same area as the restaurant?
I would like it to be in the same area yes.|We have 44 different attractions in the Centre of Cambridge. Can we narrow it down by type, such as nightclub, college, or architecture?
You can recommend anything as long as it is in the same area as the restaurant.|i will recommend old schools. can i give you the contact?
Please, and the entrance fee as well.|Old Schools is an architectural attraction in the centre and they're located at Trinity Lane, post code cb21tt. Their phone number is 01223332320 and their entrance fee is free.
Thanks! I will need a taxi to commute as well.|Okay! From where to where?
leave the attraction by 19:15|I will need your destination in order to book your taxi. Where will you be going to?
I'm going to De Luca Cucina and Bar|Your taxi has been booked. It will be a yellow Skoda and their number is 07417597473.
Have a nice day.|Thank you, let me know if I can assist with anything else.
I'm looking for an expensive Chinese restaurant.|Great, I have several options for you. Two are in the south.
Area does not matter. Pick one for me.|I would recommend the Ugly Duckling restaurant. Would you like a reservation?
Can I just get the address for now?|Their address is12 St. Johns Street City Centre.  Was there anything else you needed to know?
I'm also lso looking for a place to stay. The hotel should include free parking and should have a star of 4.|I have 3 that match your criteria, is there an area you are looking to stay in?
No, I do need wifi though.|I'd recommend the University Arms Hotel, it's an expensive 4 star hotel in the centre. Can I book a reservation for you?
Yes please book for 1 night 1 person. I also need a taxi to go from the hotel by 14:15 to the restaurant. What is the car & contact number?|What day will you be checking in?
There is no preference.|Unfortunately, to book you a room I would need to know the day you want to start your stay. What day would that be? Then we can get a taxi.
You know what I change my mind. I'll book later. I still need a taxi from University Arms Hotel leaving at 14:15 to the Ugly Duckling.|I have made that taxi and you should expect a red lexus. The contact number for the taxi is 07465471381.
thank you I think that will be all for today.|your welcome, have a great day!
I'd like some help picking out a restaurant.|Do you have a food preference?
I am looking for something that serves british food in the centre of town.|i got quite a number. can you state your price preference?
I would like to dine somewhere that is expensive.|Fitzbillies Restaurant is in the expensive price range.  Would you like me to book a table?
Could i get their phone number please?|yes, their phone number is 01223352500
Thanks! I'm also looking for something fun to do close to the restaurant. What's around there?|There are a lot of choices, depending on your interests. The Soul Tree Nightclub, for example, or the Cambridge University Botanic Gardens. What sort of thing were you looking for?
any should be OK. please get me the entrance fee and address.I also want to book a taxi to commute between the two places.|The address of the Soul Tree Nightclub is 1-6 Corn Exchange Street, and the entrance fee is 4 pounds. Shall I organize the taxi to that address?
Yes but I need to leave the Night club by 1:45 and go to Fitzbillies restaurant. I'll need the contact number and car type as well.|Ok, I've got you a red lexus, contact number 07216817086 Can I help with anythign else today?
Thank you, thatll be all for now.|You're welcome. If you need anything else, let us know.
Can you help me find a Turkish restaurant in the expensive price range please?|I have meze bar restaurant at 196 Mill Road City Centre.
That sounds perfect!|Would you like me to make a reservation?
Yes, please. 7 people at 13:15 on monday.|Reference number is : TXBU904T.
Thank you for your help|Thank you for allowing me to help you today. Have a great day.
I'm looking for a place to dine that serves indian food in the centre.|There are multiple Indian restaurants in the centre. Are you looking for something cheap or something expensive?
I'm not concerned about price, but I need a table for 6 at 12:15 on Sunday.|Curry Garden, your booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is:  IKOI9CFQ. Will there be anything else today?
Thank you so much. Can you also find me an expensive hotel with free wifi?|There are two hotels near the restaurant you booked, they will meet your needs. Would you like the 3 star or 4 star?
What is the name of the 3 star one?|it is gonville hotel. Need a reservation?
Yes please for 6 people for 2 nights starting sunday|Booking was successful.Reference number is : NCHKFTG3. what else can i do for you?
That will be all. thank you|Thank you for calling in today.  I hope you have a great stay.
I would look time find a museum in town.|I can help you with that. What part of town will be visiting?
Any part is fine, what ever you recommend. I need the phone number, address, and postcode please.|I recommend Cambridge Artworks. The museum's phone number is 01223902168 and the address is 5 Greens Road. The postcode isn't in our database but I can find it. Will you hold?
Um, yes I suppose so.|The post code is cb13ef. Anything else then?
I am also looking for a cheap place to dine in the west part of town please.|Sure!  I've heard good things about Thanh Binh, a Vietnamese restaurant.  Does that sound good to you?
I think we got our lines crossed somewhere. I'd like a cheap Panasian restaurant in the west.|Sorry, I couldn't find that type of cuisine in that location. Maybe try another type?
That stinks because I'm really craving Panasian food. But okay, can you see if there are any Italian places in that area?|You're in luck. There are two such places,  what is your price range?
I would like it to be cheap. Does one of them meet that requirement.|la margherita is in the cheap range, would you like me to book you?
I need to book a table for 2 people at 19:15 for Sunday.|I have your table booked. You're reference number is L3OX2AYU. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Nope you did everything I needed.  I appreciate you more then you think!|Thank you for contacting Cambridge TownInfo centre. Goodbye!
Hi, can you please help me find a restaurant that serves Kosher food?|im sorry there are no places serving kosher food
That's alright. How about Chinese food?|Yeah, there are a lot of options.  Was there a specific part of town or price range you were looking at?
I need it to be in the moderate range please.|great, i have four options for you!
cool, which one is the best?|I like the golden wok. Would you like a booking made.
No thanks. I would like the area, address, and postcode please and I will take it from there.|The Golden Wok is located in the North part of town at 191 Histon Rd, Chesterton.  The postcode is CB43HL.  Is there anything else I can help you with?
I also need a train from Cambridge to Norwich.|on which day do you want to travel?
I need to leave Monday and arrive by 21:30.|train TR3753 arrives at 	norwich at 09:55, should I book that?
Yes that should work, how much will that cost?|17.60 pounds per person, also how many shall I book for?
That is all I need today thank you for your time.|Have a nice day.
I'm looking for a nice, expensive restaurant on the south side of town.|I have 5 restaurants that meet that criteria. Are you looking for a certain type of food?
Can you find out if any of then can take a reservation at 7:15 pm on Wednesday for 8 people?|I see that out of the five restaurants, four are able to accommodate your reservation. Would you prefer Chinese, Italian, Indian or Mexican cuisine?
Mexican sounds good.|I have successfully booked it.  Your table will be reserved for 15 minutes starting at 7:15:PM. Your reference number is X4TB06R2.
Perfect! Thank you!|Great. Have a great mexican meal!
I want to know where I can go in the town centre of Cambridge.|There are many places to go in the centre. Are you looking for an attraction or restaurant?
An attraction of any type would be fine as long as it's in the centre, please.|I could recommend old schools. It is architecture and free to see. Would you like more information?
Yes tell me one of those recommendations.|Old Schools is an architectural attraction on Trinity Lane that has no entrance fee. Their phone number is 01223332320. Can I help you with anything else?
Can you provide me the full address including postal code?  Thanks.|The address listed for Old Schools is simply Trinity Lane. And their postcode is cb21tt. Is there anything more I can do for you today?
Yes, I would also like to find an expensive restaurant in the same area.|What kind of food would you like and what price range
I would prefer British food and an expensive price range if possible.|I have three restaurants in the town centre that meet your needs.  Might I suggest the Cambridge Chop house or Fitzbillies restaurant?
Can you please recommend one and give me their postcode and phone number?|The Cambridge Chop House is a favorite of mine. It's located at 1 Kings Parade. Would you like me to book it for you?
No thanks, but I am interested in getting a tax from Old Schools to the Cambridge Chop House. Can you help?|What time will you be needing the taxi service for?
I would like to leave Old Schools by 19:00.|Okay your all set! A red lexus will be picking you up the contact number is 07885505407, is there anything else I can help you with today?
Thank you that will be all I need.|I'm happy to have been of service. Goodbye!
I am looking for a asian restaurant in the centre|I have 4 listings,can I get a price range you are looking for?
Yes, I'd prefer mid-range please.|That sounds like the Yippee Noodle Bar. Could I book it for you?
I'm sorry could you check again but in the cheap price range?|I found two restaurants: Dojo Noodle Bar and J Restaurant. Which one of these do you prefer?
Do either have a table available at 17:00 on Friday for 5 people?|Yes, I reserved a table at J Restaurant for you.  Reference number is BM3N0SUH, and the table will be held for 15 minutes.  Will that be all?
Yes that will be all, thank you|Have a nice time, let us know if you need anything else.
I'm looking for a cheap restaurant in the west.|name is tnahh binh
Pardon?  Is that the name of a restaurant?|Yes, there is a Vietnamese restaurant in the west called Thanh Binh.
What is the address and phone number?|The address for the vietnamese restaurant Thanh Binh is 17 Magdalene Street City Centre and their phone number is 01223 362456.
Thank you goodbye.|Thank you for using the Cambridge restaurant system. Goodbye.
I'm looking for a chinese food restaurant in the centre.|There are ten chinese restaurants in the centre area, do you have a preference for price range?
No, I don't care. Can you recommend your favorite?|I like the Lan Hong House. It's moderately prices, but good. Should I book a reservation?
Yes please check to see if there is booking for 2 people at 12:30 on sunday.|I'm sorry there are no available bookings for that time. Would you like to try something else?
Yes, how about a different restaurant in the same area and price range?|You should try lan hong house , it is a nice place.Would you like the address ?
I am looking for a place to dine. The restaurant should be in the west and should serve british food|Travellers rest is amazing. would you like a reservation?
Yes I need table for 6 people at 12:15 on saturday|Your party of 6 is booked for Saturday at 12:15. Your reference number is 6W59CFFR. Is there anything else?
No, thanks for your help!|You're quite welcome!
I need lodging in Cambridge that has free parking. I don't need internet, though. What have you got?|We have 29 entries that match your criteria. Do you have any other preferences?
I also need free parking included and I would like it to be a hotel.|The ashley hotel in the north has free parking.
The Ashley hotel does not have internet is that correct?|The Ashley hotel does have free wifi.
Oh, that's great! What's the address for The Ashley?|The ashley hotel 74 chesterton road. Would you like to book a room?
Yes, I would like to book a room.|When would you like your reservation to start, how long would you like to stay, and how many are in your party?
I also need a place to dine serving modern american food in the centre.|before we get to your restaurant inquiry could you give me some information on your hotel stay? When would you be staying? How many days? How many would be joining you?
Actually, I will go ahead and book myself later. But, if you can help me find a moderately priced restaurant in the centre of town that would be great.|There are many moderate restaurants in the centre but no American restaurant.  Would you be interested in Asian, Brittish, or chinese?
How about a British one then?|The Oak Bistro is located at 6 Lensfield Road. Would you like for me to book a table for you?
Yes please. Please book a table for 5 at 12:30 on friday.|Yes I have done that for you and your reference number is BKV4ED6B.
Thank you. I also need to get a taxi to go between the two places.|I have gone ahead and booked that Taxi for you.   The Taxi will be a blue Volkswagen and the Taxi contact number will be 07081400797.
Great thanks! That's all I needed.|Thank you for choosing Cambridge TownInfo Centre!  Have a nice trip!
Hello, I am looking for a cheap restaurant that serves Malaysian food.|No matches found for cheap Malaysian food
How about Italian food?|What area would you like the restaurant to be in?
I don't care.|zizzi cambridge is a cheap Italian restaurant in the Cambridge area
address and phone number please|Zizzi Cambridge in the centre of the city. They are located at 47-53 Regent Street and their phone number is 01223 365599.
Thank you, goodbye.|Thank you and have a great day!
I am looking for a restaurant. The restaurant should be in the moderate price range and should be in the centre|I have to cotto that meats those requirements they serve british food.
I am looking for a restaurant. The restaurant should be in the moderate price range and should be in the centre. The restaurant should serve modern european food|riverside brasserie looks lovely. would you like a reservatioN?
Yes please. Can I get one for Thursday at 17:00 for 6?|I have booked that for you and your reference number is EU6J389K. Anything else I can help with?
That should be it. Thank you.|You are more than welcome!
I trying to plan my trip and need some information about places to visit.|Do you have a specific type of attraction in mind?
yes, how about an architecture kind of attraction?|We have 5 in town, might I suggest All Saints Church?
THAT IS FINE. GET ME THE POST CODE.|Their post code is cb58bs. Is there anything more I can help you with?
Yes, can I have the phone number for the Lan Hong house restaurant?|Sure. The phone number is 01223350420. Can I help you with anything else today?
Please also book restaurant for 5 people on Wednesday at 14:45.|The booking was successful, they will reserve the table for 15 minutes. Your reference number is I6EE0RO2. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No, thank you. I'm all set.|Ok great. Have a wonderful day!
I need a find restaurant in the moderate price range in the west part of the town|We have British, Indian or Italian to choose from in that category.  Do you have a preference?
No, I do not have a preference.|I'd recommend the Prezzo. It's an Italian restaurant. Would you like to book a table?
Yes, we would like a reservation for Wednesday.|Can you tell me how many guests and what time you would like the reservation for?
For 3 people, at 11:30 please.|I've reserved a table for three at 11:30 on Wednesday. Your reference number is HJKOKG94. Is there anything else I can help you find in the area?
I'm looking for information on worth house.|Worth House is a cheap 4-star guesthouse on the north side of town. They're located at 152 Chesterton Road, cb41da.
I want to book Worth House for 3 people for 4 nights starting on Wednesday.|Booking was successful.
Reference number is : UOVCEW8B.
I also need a taxi to get to the restaurant from the hotel.|What time do you need to be picked up and from where?
I'd like it to go from the Worth House to the Prezzo. It can pick me up any time, as long as it arrives by the booked time.|Booking completed!
Booked car type	:	white lexus
Contact number	:	07055220533
I think that is all I need. Have a nice day.|Thank you. You do the same!
I need a cheap place to dine please.|We have 22 inexpensive restaurants. What sort of cuisine would you like?
I don't care about the type of food. I need a reservation for Wednesday night.|I can book you for dojo noodle bar, how many should I book for and what is the preferred time?
Is dojo noodle bar in the centre of town? I need something in that area, please.|It is.  How many people will there be and what time would you like on Wednesday?
The reservation needs to be for 2 for 17:00 on Wednesday evening. Do they have a table then?|The booking was unsuccessful. Would like to book it at another time?
No. It needs to be t 17:00. Another restaurant in the same area and price range would work.|Okay I booked you into the J Restaurant that also serves Asian food in the cheap price range and your reference number is 7MUMBMFD.
Thanks so much. That's all I needed.|You're welcome. Enjoy your day.
I need a train on Monday.|Sure thing, got a destination or time you'd like to travel?
I would like to arrive by 8:30 in Cambridge.|Where will you be departing from?
Oh, sorry.  Departing from Broxbourne.|I have two trains available leaving at 05:32 and 06:32.  What time would like to leave?
Is the travel time and price the same for both of them?|Yes they both have a travel time of 60 minutes and cost 17.90 pounds per ticket.
Okay... I'll keep that in mind.  Oh, I also need to find a restaurant, preferably in the east area and serving Indian food.|We have 4 matches. Do you have a price preference?
No preference on price, please recommend any indian restaurant in the east part of town.|the curry prince is a good choice. It is in the east and the price range is moderate. would you like  me to book it for you?
Yes please, for 3 people at 17:30.|What day would you like the reservations?
Same day, Monday.|Table for 3 at the Curry Prince on Monday at 17:30. They will hold your table for 15 minutes after your reservation time. Your confirmation number is P7ZBBM9K.
Perfect, that's all I needed. Thanks for your help.Have a great day.|Have a nice day.
Please help me find a restaurant that serves british food near the centre of town.|There are seven restaurants in the centre of town that serve british food ranging from moderate to expensive. Is there a particular price range you are looking for?
I don't care about the price.|Ok then. I suggest the oak bistro. It's located at 6 Lensfield Road. Would you like a reservation?
No thanks, but could I please have the postcode?|The post code is cb21eg.  Can I assist you further?
Can you please tell me the phone number?|The phone number is 01223323361.
Great, thanks for all your help.|No problem. Did you need anything else?
Nope, that covers all my needs. Thanks.|Thank you for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Have a nice day!
Can you help me find a restaurant by the name of Loch Fyne?|Yes! The restaurant is at The Little Rose 37 Trumpington Street in the expensive price range. Would you like me to book tickets?
Please book a table for 8 people at 18:15 on friday.|I am sorry there are no reservations at that time, can I find you another restaurant that fits what you are looking for?
Please try booking a different restaurant in the same area and price range.|I will found you a different restaurant.
Very well. I really need a reliable booking, make sure you give me a reference number, I don't want any confusion when I get there.|How does The Cambridge Chop House sound? It serves british food?
That would be good. I would like to try that one if you recommend it.|I was able to successfully book that for you, the reference number is 8JKPEA74.  Can I assist with anything else?
No that will be all. Thanks!|You're welcome Have a nice day.
I'd like to find hotels in the cheap price range that offer free wifi.|There is one hotel that matches your search. It is the cambridge belfry in the west area. Can I book that for you?
No thank you, just the address and phone number please.|They are located on back lane, cambourne. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Can you book it for me. 3 people, 4 nights, Sunday. Reference number, please.|Booking was successful.Reference number is : 1CU5LU5X. is there anything else i can help?
Thanks.  I am also looking for a place to eat in the north.  Same price range as my hotel.|There are 2 choices - would you prefer indian or Italian food?
I would prefer italian.|da vinci pizzeria serves italian food it is in the north of town
OK, I will need to make a reservation for the same group of people at 12:45 on that same day.|You're all set. Your Reference number is : 7J5INWLY. Can I assist you with anything else?
Great. Thank you for your help.|It was my pleasure, enjoy the rest of your day.
looking for a restaurant in the expensive price range|Is there an area of town or type of cuisine you have in mind?
Yes, I would like to find something in the south but i dont care food type.|Peking Restaurant is a Chinese food restaurant located at 10 Homerton Street City Centre. Their phone number is 01223 354755.
Thank you!|Thank you, and have a good day.
Can you help me find a place to eat called sala thong?|Absolutely! They are a great thai restaurant in the west of town. They are located at 35 Newnham Road, Newnham. Did you need help reserving a table or any other info?
Please make a booking for  people at 19:00 on monday. I also need a reference number once booked.|I'm sorry, there's nothing available at that time. Could you perhaps do a different time?
Sure, try a time that would work. Maybe 20:00?|That was unsuccessful as well, do you have another time?
Well, I'm also looking for train on Monday departing from Leicester to Cambridge arriving by 12:45.|I have a train that arrives at 11:54. Would you like me to book that for you?
Yes I also need the train id, departure time and travel time.|The train is TR0032, it departs at 10:09 and travel time is 105 minutes. How many tickets do you need?
As for now, just one please.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 37.79 GBP payable at the station. Reference number is : 3KP0ATIS. Anything else I can help you with?
That's everything. Thanks!|My pleasure.  Please call again if there is anything we can do to help.
I need some cheap Caribbean eats somewhere.|I'm sorry.  I was unable to find a restaurant with those criteria.  Would you like to try a different type of restaurant or price range?
I would like the restaurant to be in the centre.|The Dojo Noodle Bar in in the centre.  It serves Asian Oriental food.  Can I reserve that for you?
No, I'm not in the mood for that. Maybe something Indian, though. Are there any of those?|Yes, there are three cheap indian restaurants in the centre. I'd suggest Kohinoor, as it's my favorite. Would you like to book it?
Yes, please book a table for 8 people at 14:15 on friday.|I'm sorry, that time is not available at Kohinoor. Would you like me to find another restaurant for you?
Another in the same area and price.|I was able to book The Ghandi, reference number is 6GPZKTWV
Thank you so much!|You are welcome. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, that will do it for now.  Bye.|Goodbye and thank you.
I am looking for a swimming pool in the area.|There are 4 swimming pools available. Are you looking for one in a specific area?
I'm looking for one on the east end.|Abbey Pool and Astroturf Pitch is in the east part of town. Would you like their phone number?
What is the entrance fee, address and postcode for the Abbey Pool?|I do not have an entrance fee listed but the address for the pool is pool way, whitehill road, off newmarket road and their telephone number is 01223902088.
Thanks. I need a place to eat too. Any expensive indian places near the pool?|There are two, pipasha restaurant, and sitar tandoori would you like one of those?
Yes please try Sitar Tandoori|the Sitar Tandoori is located at 43 High Street Cherry Hinton, postcode cb19hx. Would you like to make a reservation?
Yes please, for 1 person at 17:30 on thursday.|I'm so sorry, but they don't have a table available at that time. Would you like to try for another day or time?
Yes, let's try 16:30 please.|I have successfully booked your restaurant reservation for 1 and your reference number is NKSZHAGP.
Thank you that is all I will need.|You're welcome. Have a great day!
I am traveling to Cambridge and am looking for places to go in the east part of town.|There is a free museum at 5 Greens Road. Does that sound like it might interest you?
Yes, Is that in the east side of town? If so could you let me know the address and postcode please?|That would be the Cambridge Artworks, and yes it is on the east side. The address is 5 greens road.
Is there a Greek restaurant in that part of town as well?|I'm afraid I don't have any listings fro Greek food in that part of town. I do have Indian, Chinese, British and International. Would any of these cuisines do?
That's too bad.  I would be interested in British food.|The Grafton Hotel Restaurant is an expensive British restaurant on the east side. Would you like a table there?
Yes please I need a restaurant for 8 people at 17:30 on saturday.|Booking was successful. Your reference number is: EBD7XCH8
I am looking for a place to go in town. Preferably a park that is in the east.|Cherry Hinton Water Play is in the east side. Anything else I can do for you?
Yes. Please get me their address, phone number and their entrance fee.|The park is located at Cherry hinton Hall, Cherry Hinton Road. The phone number is 01223446100 and is free to enter. Is there anything else I can do for you?
Yes, I'm also looking for an expensive restaurant that serves Jamaican food.|I'm sorry, but there are no Jamaican restaurants anywhere in Cambridge. We do have plenty of expensive restaurants, though, so I could find you a different cuisine.
That is fine, how about a restaurant that serves Asian oriental food?|There are two expensive Asian oriental restaurants in Cambridge, one in the north and the other in the centre. Which would you prefer?
Let's try the one in the north. I'd like to book a table for 4 at 19:00 on Wednesday, please.|I'm sorry, there were no more tables available. Would you like to try the other restaurant, or a different time?
I would like to try the other oriental restaurant for the same time 19:00 for party of 4.|I'm very sorry, neither of these restaurants have availability at that time on Wednesday.  Would you like to try another time/day?
Can any of them do a time at 18:00? I'll also need a taxi to travel inbetween two locations.|Your booking for Kymmoy restaurant was successful and your reference number is 5IFCHKNS. The information for you taxi is a Grey Tesla and its contact number is 07674543654.
Wonderful. Thanks for your help. That's all I needed.|You're welcome. Have a great time!
Can you help me find an expensive restaurant that serves British food?|There are 6 matches, do you have a location preference?
Is one of them located in Centre? I will be staying over there and would like something close.|The Fitzbillies Restaurant is located in the city's centre at 51 Trumpington Street.  The phone number is 01223352500.
Thank you very much for the assistance.|Would you like a reservation?
No. I am also looking for a hotel. Alexander Bed and Breakfast.|The Alexander Bed and Breakfast that is on 56 saint barnabas road? Would you like me to book it?
yes. i would like to stay starting wednesday for 5 nights with 6 people.|Booking was successful. Reference number is : QVRVE9AS. Can I help with anything else today?
No that will be all for today. Thanks so much for all your help. Goodbye.|please contact us again in the future. goodbye.
Would you be able to help me locate a restaurant in Cambridge?|We have many great places to eat in Cambridge. What kind of cuisine or price range are you looking for?
I am actually looking for an attraction rather than a place to eat.  Can you help me find a cinema?|There is a cinema in Cambridge Leisure Park, Clifton Way. Would you like me to give you their phone number?
Can you tell me what postcode it's in?|Their post code is cb17dy. Anything else I can do for you?
Yes, I need a place to eat. Mexican food is good, it should be in the south and expensive.|Could you make a reservation for two this Thursday at 7:00 at chiquito restaurant bar?
No, I need a reservation for 4 on Saturday at 14:45.|The restaurant has been booked. Your reference number is 54JMT9OQ. Is there anything else I can do for you today?
I would like to also book a taxi and it should arrive at the restaurant by 14:45. Could you also please give me its contact number and car type?|I would be happy to book your taxi. I will need your departure location and pick up time to complete the reservation.
I would like the taxi to arrive at the restaurant at the time I have it booked please|And where are you departing from?
I would be departing from the cinema at Cambridge Leisure Park.|I'm sorry.  I'm having trouble processing that.  Where are you leaving from again?
I am leaving from the cambridge cinema.|Okay, I have a black volvo scheduled to pick you up at Cineworld Cinema to take you to the Chiquito restaurant. The contact number is 07424735359. Anything else I can do?
No, thank you.|Have a great time! Goodbye.
I would like a moderately priced restaurant in the east part of town|May I suggest curry prince, a moderately priced indian restaurant in the east?
No, the west part of town|Indian, Italian and British restaurants are available in the west part of town for a moderate price.  Would you like more information on any or all of these?
What is the address?|Did you want the address for an Indian, Italian, or British restaurant?
I don't have a preference as long as it's moderately priced and in the west part of town.|Meghna is an Indian restaurant, it is in the moderate price range, and it is in the west part of town. The address is 205 Victoria Road Chesterton.
I need to find a hotel to stay in, some place with free parking. Thank you.|i have 29 options for you
Okay, thank you! I would like a 4-star hotel.|That narrowed it down some, but we still have plenty of options available.  Is there anything else you're looking for like a certain price range or maybe internet?
Any place in the south area of town?|I found two 4-star hotels in that area: Aylesbray Lodge Guest House and Rosa's Bed and Breakfast.
Yes the first hotel will do great, I need to book for 4 people and 2 nights starting from Tuesday.|Booking was successful. Reference number is : PZ6RF1H0. is there anything else i could help you with?
I would also like to find a pricey Gastropub,|There are three expensive gastropub restaurants. Would you rather be in the centre or the east?
I would prefer the south.|Unfortunately the only restaurants that meet your criteria are in the centre or the east.
Can you look again? I thought I saw one in the south area the last time I was in town.|There are none in the south side of town.
Can you check all the gastropubs in town?|There are 4 gastropub restaurants in town. Three are located in the centre, one is in the east. Three are expensive, and one is moderate.
I'm sorry, I need a restaurant in the south.|There are no gastropub restaurants in the south. Would you like a different kind of food?
Yes, let's try an Italian restaurant in the south, please. There should be one.|I have two Italian restaurants in south. We have the pizza hut cherry hinton and frankie and bennys. Which would you prefer?
I'll go with frankie and bennys. Do you have their phone number and address?|Yes. Their phone number is 01223412430 located Cambridge Leisure Park Clifton Way Cherry Hinton. Anything else?
Can you help me book a taxi?|I can book a taxi but I need to know where you need to be picked up and dropped off. Is there a certain time?
I need to leave the hotel by 6 and head to the restaurant.|I have booked you with a red honda taxi. Their phone number is 07534551524. Can I help with anything else?
No thank you, you were helpful|Thank you, any have a great day.
Can you help me find a hotel in the North part of Cambridge?|I have two moderately priced hotels in the north for you.  The Ashley Hotel and the Lovell Lodge. Would you like me to book one?
Does it have internet?|They do both have internet.
I would like to book the Ashley Hotel.|Great I can take care of that.  How many people?  How long will you be there and when will your stay start?
There will be 7 of us arriving Sunday.  We will be staying 3 nights.|I was able to book the room for you the reference number is HQKA3TBW. Can I help you with anything else?
Yes I am needing a restaurant that is the same price range as my hotel and in the same area.|There are two; The Golden Wok which is a Chinese place, and The Nirala, with Indian cuisine. Which would you prefer?
I will go with The Nirala since I love Indian food. Please book it for 11:00 for the 7 of us on Sunday.|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Reference number is : E4J0YE8W. Anything else.
Yes, I want a taxi too. I'll need contact number and car type. It should pick me up at the hotel and arrive at restaurant by 11:00|Okay, be on the lookout for a grey honda. The contact # is 07374179224
thanks very much to you! I am done now. Farewell!|You're welcome and enjoy your stay.
I am looking for a college in the centre of cambridge|There are several colleges in the center. May I suggest Saint Catharine's College?
OK, that sounds like a good idea. How much does it cost to visit?|The admission is free!
May I have the postcode, please?|Yes, the postcode is cb21rl. Is there any thing else I can help you with?
Yes, I would like an expensive Vietnamese Restaurant in the Centre.|Sorry, I couldn't find any restaurants matching your requirements.
Are there any restaurants that serve italian food in the area?|There are 4 available, can i recommend, stazione restaurant and coffee bar?
Sure that sounds good. I want to book a table for 2 people at 12:45 on Tuesday.|Reference number is : A4RXHHPX. Is there anything else?
That's all I need, thanks so much for your help! Have a good day!|You too, thanks for calling!
I am looking for a place to dine in Cambridge|There are 110 place to dine in Cambridge. May I narrow the search by area, price range, and/or cuisine?
I would like a place in the centre of town, serves Indian food and on the expensive side.|The Curry Garden is an expensive restaurant located at 106 Regent Street City Centre. Their phone number is 01223302330. Would you like me to book a reservation for you?
I will call them, thank you for your help.|You're welcome. Have a great rest of your day!
I am also looking for a hotel called the University Arms Hotel.|I found it. Would you like me to book a room for you?
Yes, I would like to book 5 nights starting Wednesday for 6 people. May I also have the reference number please.|Okay great! Your booking was successful. Your reference number is HMUH9F2T.
Great, can I also get a taxi as well.|Certainly! Is there any particular place you would like the Taxi to pick you up?
Yes from the restaurant to my hotel. I need to leave the restaurant by 17:00.|OK, we can get you a Blue Honda at 17:00 from the restaurant to the hotel .
Great, thanks. Could you give me their contact number?|Sure thing. Their contact number is 07128800156. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Not at this time but your help has been appreciated.|Great, thank you for using our system!
I'm looking for places to go to view architecture in Centre.|I found Old Schools on Trinity Ln, postcode cb21tt. Entrance is free. Would you like to go there?
No, That's all. Goodbye!|OK.  Thank you for calling and have a great day.  Goodbye.
I forgot. Do you have information about Don Pasquale Pizzeria?|Yes they serve Italian food in the centre of town and in the expensive price range.
That's the one! Can you give me their address and postcode, please?|cb23nj, post code , 12 Market Hill City Centre. Is there anything else you need?
Hello, I am looking for an expensive restaurant that serves fusion food.|I'm sorry, there are no fusion restaurants listed in the cheap price range.  Would you like to try something else?
How about mediterranean food?|There are two restaurants serving Mediterranean food in the expensive price range. Your options are La mimosa or Shiraz restaurant.
What is the address and phone number of one of them?|La Mimosa's address is Thompsons Lane Fen Ditton, phone number 01223362525.
Thank you goodbye.|You're welcome, goodbye.
I need a cheap restuarant. Probably in the west part of town|How about La Margherita?
What kind of food do they serve?|la margherita is an italian restaurant in the area of west in the cheap price range.
That sounds good. What is their phone number?|Their phone number is 01223 315232.
that was all I needed.  Bye now.|Goodbye
I'd like to find a moderately priced chinese restaurant.|Golden Wok is a moderately priced Chinese restaurant in North.
Can you give me the address, phone number, and area code?|The Golden Wok is at 191 Histon Road Chesterton, post code C.B 4, 3 H.L. The phone number is 01223 350688.
Thank you very much for the address of the golden wok!|You're welcome. good bye!
I'm visiting the north side of Cambridge, can you help me find a hotel there?|We have a few 2 star hotels with free internet and parking.  Can I get information on one of those?
Are there any 4 star?|I'm sorry no there is not. May I search gain with different criteria?
How about Guesthouse, instead?|Ah, there are a number of guesthouses with 4 stars in the north. Do you need free internet or parking?
Internet or parking doesn't matter. Which guesthouse do you recommend?|I recommend Archway House. They are located at 52 Gilbert Road in postcode CB43PE. Would you like me to book a room for you?
Yes, please. There will be 5 of us for 4 nights, starting on Monday.|You're all ready to go. Reference number is 3CM9X6CQ. Anything else I can help you with?
I would also like some help finding info on the La Margherita restaurant.|I will look that up for you.
It has been a few minutes and I swear I hear snoring on the other end, are you there?  Can I get that info?|I've located LA Margherita.  What information would you like about the restaurant?
I need to book it for the same group the same day at 20:00|I was able to book it, reference number is 4IOG1MD6.
Great.  I was also interested in getting a taxi, can you help me with that?|Absolutely! From where to where?
I would like to commute between the hotel and restaurant. I'd like to be at the restaurant by the booked time.|Okay what time is that?
That time is 20:00.|Okay! I've booked you a white Ford. The contact number is 07081197533. Can I help you with anything else?
no that is OK for today|Okay, well if you think of anything else, you know where to find me! Otherwise, have a wonderful trip!
I want to find a moderately priced restaurant that serves british food. What is the address and phone number?|There are 5 moderately price restaurants that serve British food. Is there an area of town that would work best for you?
I do not care.  Please suggest one.|saint johns chop house serves british food, is in the west area of town and is in the moderate price range
What is their address and phone number?|the phone number is 01223353110 and the address is 21-24 Northampton Street, is there anything else I can help you with?
No, thank you, goodbye.|Thank you.
Can you find a restaurant in the west that serves british food?|There are 3 different restaurants that match your inquiry. Would you like to know more about them?
I would like to see if one has a table available at 20:00 on Tuesday for 4 people.|Okay I put in a reservation for you at Saint Johns Chop House. The reference number is 5CTS8F6C. Is there anything else I can do for you today?
No that will do thank you very much.|Thank you for using our services. Have a great day.
I am  traveling to Cambridge and looking forward to try local restaurants.|I can help!  What kind of food are you looking for?
Still deciding, can I set up a train ride first?  If would be from londons kings cross to cambridge, on saturday leaving after 11:00AM.|The TR7309 leaves after 11:00. If you'd like to make a booking, I'll need to know how many tickets you'd like.
I need 4 tickets. How much will that be?|The tickets are each 18.88 so 75.52 in total
Ok. Can you complete the booking for 4 people and then give me the reference number?|I was able to book you. Your reference number is H9AGMLJM.
Yes, I would like to find a place to eat. Please find me a moderately priced restaurant in the centre.|there are quite a few moderately priced restaurants in the city centre. do you have a preference on cuisine?
Nothing specific, anything in the centre is fine.|May I recommend the very popular Efes restaurant serving turkish food in the centre of town in the moderate price range.
That sounds like a great place to eat. Can I get their phone number?|The phone number is 01223500005 .  Would you like me to call and make a booking for you?
No, thank you. That will be all.|Is there anything else I can help you with?
That is all for today. Thank you!|you are very welcome. have a great day.
And you as well, You've been a great help!|Let us know if you need anything else.
I'm looking for places to eat in the North part of town.|its called city stop restaurant, serves european food and address is Cambridge City Football Club Milton Road Chesterton
Is it a cheap restaurant?|No, it is expensive.
I need a cheap place, please.|Royal spice is cheap and looks great.
Thanks, will you please book a table for 6 people on saturday at 12:45?|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Reference number is : Q91F26L3.
Perfect! Thank you for all of your help.|You're more than welcome. May I do anything else for you today?
Wait, I might want to change my mind about that restaurant. Are there any that serve food from Corsica?|No, there are none fitting that description, sir. Sorry about that.
I figured, my wife asks me odd random question sometimes, had to check.   I am all set, thanks.|Do you need any further assistance?
No, thank you. No further questions for now. Goodbye.|Thank you for using our services.
I'd like to find an interesting attraction in the city center.|There is lots to see in the centre. Were you looking for a certain type?
No I have nothing in particular in mind.|Would you be interested in architecture, a museum, or perhaps theatre?
Let's do a museum. Can you please send me the postcode, and phone number please.|we can do Museum of archaelogy and anthropology, it is in university of cambridge, downing street. code number cb23dz. their phone number is 01223333516
Thanks. I am also looking for somewhere to eat near the museum. I'd like to have Chinese food for dinner.|There are 10 Chinese restaurants in the centre. What is your price range, please?
A moderate price range would be best.|There are 3 options. I recommend jinling noodle bar.
That sounds interesting. Can I get reservations for Thursday?|What time would you like?
I would like to reserve it for 11:15 for 8 people.|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Your Reference number is : YNWUFRQ4.
Great, now can you also book a taxi for me? I need to make sure I get to the restaurant from the museum in time for that reservation.|Booking completed! The car type is a black honda and the contact number is 07016630526. Can I help with anything else today?
Thanks, that's it for now! Have a good day!|Thank you and enjoy the city!
I am looking for a restaurant serving vegetarian food.|we do not have any restaurant serving vegetarian food.  Can I help you with anything else?
Can you look for Vietnamese restaurants then?|Thanh binh serves vietnamese food. They are located at 17 Magdalene Street City Centre. Would you like more information?
No, thank you.|Goodbye.
Goodbye.|good bye.
i am looking for a spanish restaurant in the moderate price range|la tasca is located in the centre. Do you need for me to book it ?
No, thats ok. Thank you.|Can I help you with anything else?
I just need to get it's address postcode and number please.|Their address is 14 -16 Bridge Street, their postcode is cb21uf, and their phone number is 01223464630.
Ah, thanks.  Also, I'm looking for a museum to go to in the same area.  Can you recommend one?|there are eleven in that area. is there a particular type of museum you like? art, history, science?
Science is interesting. Could you give me the phone number and entrance fee?|There is the museum of archaelogy and anthropology or the whipple museum of the history of science - do you have a preference?
You can choose but I need their phone number, postcode and entrance fee.|The Museum of Archaeology and Anthropology has a free entrance fee. The phone number is 01223333516. The postcode is CB23DZ.
Ok thank you. I will also need a taxi to get between the restaurant and museum.|What time do you need it to arrive?
I just need to leave the museum by 19:15.|Your taxi is booked. Look for a red lexus. Your contact number is 0777538009
Thank you so much.|You're very welcome. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, that's all thank you very much. Goodbye|thanks for inquiring with us.
I am looking for a Malaysian restaurant in the east part of town.|There are no Malaysian restaurants on the east side of town.
How about indian food?|Curry Prince serves Indian food and is on the east side of town.
Perfect, may I have the address and phone number please?|The phone number for curry prince is 01223 566388 and they are located at 451 Newmarket Road Fen Ditton.  Can I help you with anything else today?
That's it. Thank you, goodbye|Goodbye.
I am looking for a cheap hotel in Cambridge.|There are 10 hotels that meet your needs. Would you like to narrow it down by area?
i'm looking for the centre area.|The Alexander Bed and Breakfast has a four star rating and matches your specifications. Would you like to book a stay there?
No, I'm not sure but I would like their address and telephone number and can you tell me what star rating this hotel has?|It's a 4 star hotel. The address is 56 saint barnabas road and the phone number is 01223525725. Any else I can do for you?
Yes I would like to book it from Tuesday for 2 nights for 7 people. Can you do that for me and provide a reference number?|Booking was successful.Reference number is : NZXPP6O5.
Thanks! I'm also looking for a restaurant in the area that serves american food|I was not able to find any American restaurants in that area, do you have another type of food you would like?
What about Italian?|Certainly we have 9 Italian restaurants in this area, do you have a price range in mind?
I would like a table for 7 at 12:00 on Tuesday|Great. I have booked you at Zizzi Cambridge. The reference number is BRX4ES4L. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No. Thank you for your help!|You're welcome. Enjoy your stay in Cambridge!
I am looking for a hotel on the west side of Cambridge.|I have found 4 results for hotels in the west side.  Do you have a particular price range that you're looking for?
I would like a moderate rate please.|That would be hobsons house would you like to book that?
I would like to book a room at the hotel for 8 people for three nights please.|Certainly, what day you will be arriving?
I'll be starting on thursday.|Excellent, you're all set. The reference number is W4QYZ0UK.
Thank you.  Do you have information on City Stop Restaurant?|Yes. It is european cuisine located in the north area of town with and expensive price range.
Can you tell me their postcode?|Yes, the postcode is cb41uy.
Thank you that's all I needed|You're welcome. Have a good day!
how about a turkish restaurant?|There are three turkish restaurants.  Would you prefer one in the moderate or expensive price range?
Moderate price range please|Anatolia is a nice restaurant serving Turkish food in the moderate price range.
Are there any other Turkish restaurants in that price range?|There is also Efes Restaurant in the moderate price range. It is located in the centre of town.
That sounds lovely.  May I have the address and phone number, please?|The address is King Street City Centre, and the phone number is 01223 500005. Will there be anything else?
Thank you, goodbye.|You're welcome and thank you for calling us. Goodbye.
Can you help me find a restaurant in Cambridge called Loch Fyne?|I sure can! Loch Fyne is an amazing seafood restaurant located in the centre of town. They are relatively expensive. Would you like any more info for them?
Can you go ahead and make a reservation for 7 people on Wednesday, around 16:30 for me?|You're all set. Your reference number is D07SIPBF.
Thanks so much. I am also looking for places to go in town. Can you help me with that?|Are you interested in things to do in the centre, or perhaps a different area? There is so much to do!
I would like it to be in the West.|I have a lot of different attractions. Would you like a college or museum?
The attraction should be in the west and should be in the type of museum.|I would suggest cafe jello gallery located at cafe jello gallery, 13 magdalene street.  They have free entry.
Okay great! What is their phone number please?|The phone number is 01223312112.  Can I help with anything else?
That's all I need today.  Thanks for all your help!|Yeah, anytime. I am happy I could assist.
I think this would be a good time to end the dialogue. Goodbye.|Have a great day. Good Bye.
I need a restaurant that serves Irish food and is in centre of Cambridge|Unfortunately no restaurant matches that search criteria. Could you like to look at other areas?
Any restaurant then I guess will have to do located in the centre that is moderately priced. Are you SURE their aren't' any Irish restaurants?|There a no Irish places in the centre, in that price range, nor any in town. Shall I try some British food?
Yes please try British.|I'm sorry.  I'm not showing any British restaurants in the centre of town, either?  Would you like to try another part of town or a different type of food?
Ok, anything british will do. I need to book a table for 8 people on Monday at 15:30.|restaurant one seven is in the centre and its serves british food and it's in the moderate price range. Would you like me to book a table for you?
Please. And can I have the confirmation number as well? Can you tell me if that is 3 stars?|No, these restaurants aren't graded with stars.  But I do have a reservation for you. The reference number is U3AG4VDD. Can I be of further help to you today?
Yes. I would like a hotel in the same area as the restaurant. I'm not driing so I don't need free parking.|cityroomz hotel in the center is moderately priced.  It's located at sleeperz hotel, station road.  phone number is 01223304050.  shall I book it for you?
Yes, please. That sounds perfect.|Ok how many people and how many nights?
just me for one night please|And will you also be checking in on Monday?
Yes and can you tell me whether they have free wifi?|They do. Would you like me to book it?
Yes, may I confirm the address of this hotel please?|The address is sleeperz hotel, station road.
Great. That is all the information I need. I will book the room later on my own. Thanks a bunch. Goodbye.|Thank you for using our system.
I am looking for a moderately priced restaurant in the east part of town.|There are two Indian and one Italian restaurant. Which would you prefer?
The Italian place and the address, please.|Pizza Hut Fen Ditton is an Italian restaurant on the East side of town. The address is Cambridge Retail Park Newmarket Road Fen Ditton.
Thank You|Thank you for using the Cambridge restaurant system. Goodbye.
What sort of dining does Cambridge offer in the centre, in the moderate price range?|There are 21 different choices. What kind of food are you looking for?
I would like some christmas food.|I'm sorry. I could not find a restaurant that meets that criteria.  Would you like to try something else?
How about somewhere with Lebanese food?|Yes, there is a moderately priced Lebanese restaraunt in the centre named Ali Baba.  How does that sound?
That will work can you make a reservation and send me the reference number please?|of course, what day shall i make the reservation for?
Tuesday please at 18:15 for 6 people.|Your table at Ali Baba is booked, reference #NYH3ZPQN. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
I 'd like to find a hotel in the same area, one with three stars.|We have an expensive hotel called gonville hotel with free internet and parking. Would you be interested in booking a room here?
Does it have free wifi?|Yes it has free wifi and free parking.
That sounds perfect. Can you book a reservation for 5 nights starting on Tuesday for 6 people?|Your booking at the Gonville Hotel was successful. The reference number is FHD472H3. Can I help with anything else today?
Thanks, you have been very helpful.  That is all I needed.  Bye.|Thank you for using Cambridge TownInfo. Have a great day!
I'm looking for lodgings on the east side, in the expensive price range.|The Express by Holiday Inn is located at 15-17 Norman Way int he Coldhams Business Park which is located in the east.
it doesn't need a free parking. Can you book a room for me?|Yes, how many people and what day would you like to book?
I do not need to book.|Is there anything else I may help you with today?
I just need to know the how many stars it has, the phone number there, and if they have WiFi.|Sure, it has two stars, includes wifi, and the phone number is 01223866800. Can I help you with any thing else today?
I am also trying to find a Venetian restaurant.  Are there any in town?|Yes, we have thanh binh on the West side. Would you like a reservation?
Please book it for me.|Yes I will book it for you and get a reference number ?
Can you make a reservation for Monday at 19:30 for 8 people?|Absolutely. Anything else I can assist you with?
Um I think you're getting ahead of yourself? I'm still waiting on that reference number for the booking you said you'd complete....|Unfortunately I can't get that booking for you. Is there anything else I can do for you?
Oh...alright...well I guess not then. You weren't very helpful but whatever bye|I am sorry for the delay. Also, there are no Venetian restaurants. Did you want a Vietnamese restaurant instead?
I'm looking for a chinese restaurant.|There are many Chinese restaurants do you have a price range or an area you'd like to eat at?
I would like the expensive price range.|We have 9 expensive Chinese restaurants across town. Do you prefer a specific area of town?
I don't have a preference, just give me the phone number of the one you would recommend.|I like the good luck chinese food takeaway.  The phone is 01223244149.  What else can I do for you?
I need to catch a train to London kings cross. I need to get there by 09:15. Can you find me one?|I will need your departure location and day of travel to complete the request.
OKay, I will be leaving from Ely.|What day would you like to travel?
Oh, I'm sorry, I meant I'm leaving from CAMBRIDGE to london kings cross on Sunday.|I have updated the search, what day will you need that?
Sunday, please. I just said that.|TR7423 leaves at 5:00 and arrives at 5:51. Would that work?
That will be perfect! Could you book me 1 seat please?|Okay, you are booked on that train.  Your reference number is NNZ8E0N7. Can I do anything else for you today?
Thats all for today! Thanks so much!|Your welcome, have a great day!
I'm looking for caffe uno, can you help me find where it is?|Absolutely! Caffe uno is located at 32 Bridge Street City Centre.
Great! I would like to book a table for 1 at 18:15 on Friday.|I was unable to reserve a table at that time. Would you like me to find another restaurant?
yes, how about another restaurant in the same area and price range?|How about Bedouin, they serve African Cuisine.
That sounds good as long as it's in the same area and price range. I'll need the reference number too please.|Great, your reference number is K3TPR6UI. Anything else?
No thank you. Good bye.|You're welcome. Good-bye.
I need a train to cambridge that leaves on saturday.|I need to narrow this down a bit.  Where will you be departing from?
I will be departing from London Liverpool Street and need to arrive by 10:30.|TR2503 can get you there by 09:07, can I help with anything else?
What is the price?|13.28 pounds. Do you need me to book it?
What's the departure time for that train?|05:39, 07:39, and 23:39
I am also looking for mediterranean  food in the centre.|I can recommend la mimosa, it is in the expensive range.
I am looking for places to go in town like a college in the centre.|There are several colleges in the centre area, they range in entrance fees from free to 2 pounds, is there a particular price range you're looking for?
Not really. Surprise me! I'll need the phone number, address, and postcode of your favorite, please.|Well, the downing college is located on regent street cb21dq. Their phone number is 01223334860
Great. Are there any restaurants that serve African food? Something high-end, of course.|You are in luck! I have just the place. Bedouin is in the centre of town. Shall I book you a table?
That does sound like just the place.|Do you want me to go ahead an make reservations for you?
Yes please, I'd like a table for 2 at 18:45 on Thursday.|I booked in the Bedouin African restaurant, the Reference number is GDYBQQS2.
Thanks. I also need a taxi.|Would you like to leave from bedouin?
I would like to lease form the college and arrive at the restaurant at the booked time please|I have arranged for a White Volvo to drive you. The contact number is 07898395762. Is there something else I can assist with?
No, you have tremendously helpful. Thank you!|No problem at all, enjoy your meal.
I'm looking for an expensive restaurant in the center of town.|There are many expensive restaurants in the centre of town, is there a specific type of food you would like?
Is there any Turkish cuisine? If so I need the postcode and the address.|The Meze Bar restaurant matches your tastes. It is located at 196 Mill Road City Centre. The postcode is cb13nf.
I am also looking for museums in the area.|There are many museums listed in the centre area, what kind of museum are you interested in?
I don't really care, what do you recommend?  I will need the postcode and entrance fee please.|How about Cambridge Contemporary Art? The entrance is free and the postcode is cb21su. Enjoy!
Thank you. I would also like a taxi to commute between the two places.|Certainly. When would you like your taxi to depart?
I need to arrive at Cambridge Contemporary Art by 19:15 please.|No problem.  Your taxi has been reserved.  Your driver's contact number is 07035811281 and will be driving a grey toyota. Is there anything else you need today?
No, that will be all, thank you!|Okay, have a nice day.
I need a train on Monday leaving birmingham new street?|Where are you headed?
Birgmingham New Street from Cambridge|What time monday would you like to depart?
anytime after 21:00.|TR8406 will depart at 21:40. Is that okay?
Yes will you book it for me ?|How many tickets will you need?
I need 2 tickets and a reference number please|Sure thing. I will work on getting this booked for you.
okay, I do need the reference number also.|My apologies, busy weekend and the system is lagging, you are set, reference number is B6SGLAAT total cost is 150.19 GBP, thank you for your patience.
Thank you so much, can you please also find me an Italian restaurant in the centre of town that's on the cheap side?|I highly recommend Zizzi Cambridge in centere. It has excellent pasta and meatballs. Would you like me to book a reservation for you?
Yes, on Monday for 2 people at 14:30. Olease give the reference number.|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : DKSUCWY6.
thank you that will be all good bye|Have a nice day, goodbye.
I'd like a restaurant in the north part of town that is in the medium price range.|What type of food are you looking for?
I don't care|The golden wok serves Chinese food, is located in the north part of town and in the moderate price range.
is there another one as well?|Yes, there is also The Nirala which is an Indian restaurant.  Would you be interested in more information on that one?
Yes could you give me the phone number for The Nirala?|Their number is 01223 360966.
Which part of town it is in ?|it is located in the north part of town
Thank you goodbye.|Have a nice day.
Can you help me find an expensive restaurant in the center part of town? Thanks.|What type of food do you have in mind?
I would like some sushi|There is a Japanese restaurant called wagamama at 36 Saint Andrews Street. Is this okay?
Are there any french restaurants that are expensive in the centre area?|There is Cote at Bridge Street City Centre. The phone number is 01223311053. Would you like to make a reservation?
No thank you. What is the postcode?|The postcode for cote is 	cb21uf.  Is there anything else I can help you with today?
I also need train tickets.|Ok, I will need a little more information from you. How many tickets, for when and where are you departing from please.
i will be departing from cambridge on wednesday and will need tickets for 4 people.|and what is your destination?
Cambridge and it will be early unless it rains|Are you departing or arriving to Cambridge?  And can you also tell me the other destination.
I'll be leaving cambridge and arriving at bishops stortford on wednesday, I'd like to leave after 12:45.|How about TR3844? It leaves at 13:29 and arrives by 14:07.
Yes, please book me for 4 people, and dont forget the reference number.|You are all set for four on the train. Your reference number is CNKR13ES. Anything else I can help you with?
No, that's all I need today. Thank you so much.|Thank you so much for calling Cambridge TownInfo centre! We hope you have a wonderful trip!
Hello, I'm coming to Cambridge soon to try some local restaurants, and I need a train. I need to leave on Tuesday and arrive by 16:45.|I have 117 results for trains going to cambridge on Tuesday, where will you be departing from?
I'm departing from london kings cross.|There is a train that arrives by 16:08 would you like me to book it?
Could you give me the price of the ticket?|The price of the ticket is 23.60 pounds.
Could I get the train ID and time I would leave in case I want to book later.|The train ID is TR3456.
Thanks, and what time does that train depart?|I apologize, the train that arrives by 16:08 is actually the TR0269, and it leaves at 15:17. Is there anything else I can help with today?
I need a place to dine on the west side. Could you give recommend an Indian restaurant, please?|How does tandoori palace sound? It's Indian on the west side and expensive.
That sounds great!  Can I get the postcode?|The postcode for Tandoori Palace is cb43le. Would you like to make a reservation there?
no thanks.  I'll take it from here.|You're welcome. Have a great day.
Thank you for your help.|You're welcome.  Let us know if you need further assistance.  Goodbye.
I'm visiting Cambridge soon and would like to visit a museum in the centre. Can you help me with that?|Sure we have many. Do you have a preference on what type of museum?
No, the first one would be good. Could I also get the entrance fee and postcode.|Sure! The Broughton House Gallery is located at 98 King Street, cb11ln. It's free to get in!
Can you also help me find a restaurant that is in the centre as well? I would like one that serves European food.|I've found 8 restaurant that meet your criteria. Would you like to narrow your search by price range?
Something in the moderate price range would be best thanks!|I have four listings that match the criteria, how about the galleria? It's in the centre with a moderate price range.
Sounds good, can you book a table for one person at 18:45 on Tuesday? I'll also need the reference number, please.|I've successfully booked a table for 1 at Galleria! Your reference number is QUI2WHRK. Is there anything else I can do for you?
There is nothing else today. Thank you very much for your help.|Thank you very much for booking with us.
I'd like some help finding a park on the south side.|My favorite park is Wandlebury Country Park located at Wandlebury Ring, gog magog hills, babraham.
Great!  Could you give me the postcode for that address please?|The address is wandlebury ring, gog magog hills, babraham and the postcode is cb223ae.
Thanks!  Is there also a restaurant called Curry King?|Curry king is an indian restaurant located in the centre. Would you like me to book you a table?
Yes, that would be great. I'll need a table on Thursday, 6 people, at 18:15.|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.  Your Reference number is : 6CULX9YN.  Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No, that's all I needed. Thank you so much for your help.|Thank you for using Cambridge TownInfo. Have a great day!
You too, good bye now.|Have a nice day.
I need the name and phone number for a cantonese restaurant on the west side of town.|Do you have any preference regarding price range?
No.|There are no Cantonese restaurants located in West. Are you interested in another type of cuisine?
Vietnamese sounds good.|Thanh Binh is in the west part of town. Would you like the phone number?
YES PLEASE AND THE ADDRESS AS WELL.|The address is 17 Magdalene Street City Centre, and the phone number is 01223 362456.
Thank you good bye.|You are welcome.  Goodbye.
I'm looking for a particular restaurant called charlie chan.|Charlie Chan is an inexpensive chinese restaurant in the centre of town. Would you like their phone number or address?
I would like to book a table for 7 people at 11:00 on Tuesday|Your booking was successful. Your reference number is 9RD3X10V. They will hold your table for 15 minutes.
Great, is there a cool place in the west we could check out? Maybe a museum?|Sure, I have 7 museums in the West. I would recommend the Museum of Classical Archaeology. Would you like a reservation?
No reservation needed but I would like the museum phone number, please.|The phone number is 01223335153. May I assist with something else?
That's all for now. Thank you for everything.|You are welcome, please let us know if you need anything in the future.
I'm looking for Korean food in the east area.|There are not any Korean restaurants in the East.  Would you like me to look in a different area of the city?
How about Indian food?|Yes there are four different restaurants. What is your price range? There's moderate to expensive available.
It does not matter, the price is whatever. Just book me one for Saturday.|What time do you want me to book for?
I need a table for 5 people at 14:30. Could you give me a reference number?|Curry Prince is highly recommended.  I booked a table for 5 at 14:30 on saturday, your reference number is FZLK0ZCF.  Can I help with anything else?
yeah i need info on stuff to do in town.|Is there a specific type of attraction you're looking for?
Yes, I need the address for a swimming pool please.|My favorite pool is Parkside, in the center of town.
That would be fine can I get the address please?|Yes, the address is Gonville Place. Is there anything else I can help with?
No that's all I need for today. Bye.|Thank you for calling. Have a great day. Goodbye.
Can you help me find Arbury Lodge Guesthouse? Thanks.|Sure, it's located at 82 arbury road. Do you want their phone number?
Yes I need to know whether they have free parking, star of the hotel, and phone number.|The arbury lodge guesthouse is a 4 star hotel that offers free parking. You can reach their front desk at 01223364319. Can I assist you with anything else?
Yes, I'm also looking for a restaurant. I'd like it to serve expensive bistro food.|There are none that serve that sort. Is there another kind you would like?
Is there a cheaper bistro?|Unfortunately not. Is there another type of music you would like?
Okay how about Thai food?|I would rater have some chinese please.
What is the address and post code of the Arbury Lodge Guesthouse?|The address is 82 arbury road postcode cb42je.
Sorry for digressing. I am still looking for an expensive Thai restaurant in the center of town. Can you check?|bangkok city fits your description. can we book for you?
Can I get their address and postcode please?|Their postcode is cb23jx	and their address is 24 Green Street City Centre.
Thank you. I would also like to book a taxi, please.|Certainly, from what location to what location?
From the restaurant to the hotel.|I can take care of that for you.  What time would you like to be picked up?
I would like to be picked up by 01:15 if at all possible, thanks.|Taxi has been books. It will be a blue tesla, contact number 07585251090. Have you made a decision on type of food you would like?
Thanks for the help.|Are you wanting a reservation for Bangkok City for thai?
No, I just needed the information on that, I am all set.|Okay, is there anything else I can help you with?
No thank you.|Ok, have a great day!
I would like to eat at cheap restaurant in the centre while I am here in Cambridge.|Is there a food type you have a preference for? Spanish, Italian, Chinese, Indian are just some of the choices.
No, I don't really care what kind of food it is as long as it's cheap.  I will need a reservation for 1 person at 14:45 on Monday.|Okay, I've got the dojo noddle bar in the centre of town that serves cheap food.  How will that be?
I'd like to book a table for 1 at 14:45 on monday, please. I also need the reference number.|I have booked the restaurant for you. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. The reference number is Y3MGYYH6.
I also need a hotel that is near the restaurant.|There a 5 places in the centre. Do you have a preferred price range?
No price range. I do need it to have free wifi and parking though. Can you tell me what star that hotel would be?|How about el shaddai? It has free parking and wifi and is in the centre of town.
That sounds good. What is it's star rating, please?|The star rating is 0. Would you still like me to book this hotel for you?
I don't need a booking, but I need a taxi commuting between that hotel and the booked restaurant.|Taxi booking completed! Your car is a Grey Audi, their contact number is 07263703306.
Great thank you very much|You're welcome. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Will the taxi arrive by the booked time?|Yes, your taxi will arrive by the booked time of 14:45. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Just the telephone number of the taxi please.|The contact number is 07263703306. Can I provide any further assistance today?
Thanks I have everything I need. Goodbye!|Great. Thank you for contacting the Cambridge Towninfo Centre
Yes, I'm looking for a Cuban restaurant in the Centre.|I don't see any Cuban restaurants in the Centre. Would you like to look for Cuban restaurants in another location?
Hmm okay can you search for chinese food instead then please?|There are 10 entries here. I recommend charlie chan.
That sounds great. Can I have their phone number and address?|Their phone number is 01223361763. Is there anything else I can do for you?
Yes, can I please get their postcode and address?|It is Regent Street City Centre, CB21DB
Thank you very much, that's all the information that I need.|You're welcome. If you need anything in the future, feel free to check back with us. Enjoy your stay!!
Thanks again for the help. Have a great day. Goodbye.|Please let us know if we can help any further. Have a great day.
I would like a cheap restaurant in the south part of town.|Nandos is a Portuguese restaurant in South. Is this OK?
What is the price range there?|Nandos is in the cheap price range.
Excellent. What is their address and phone number?|The phone number and address are 01223 327908 Cambridge Leisure Park Clifton Way
Thank you, goodbye!|You're welcome.  Good bye.
Hello. I would like to know if you serve African food. If you do, can I please get the address, phone number and postcode of the venue?|Bedouin is located at 100 Mill Road City Centre. It's phone number is 01223367660 and it's postcode is C.B 1, 2 B.D
Thank you! Good bye!|You are welcome. Have a nice day. Good bye!
What is the price range?|Bedouin is in the expensive price range.
Thank you, goodbye.|Goodbye.
I am looking for a place to stay|I will definitely be able to help you with that. Did you want a hotel or a guest house?
I'm looking for a guesthouse with free parking and free wifi.|There are a lot of guesthouses that meet that criteria. Do you want to stay in a particular area?
No, I don't care about the location. I do want a 4 star place though.|The acorn guest house has a 4 star rating and is in the moderate price range. It is in the north area. Would you like to reserve a room?
Yes. Where is a good expensive restaurant in the West area of town?|There are nine expensive restaurants in the west, is there a particular type of food that you are interested in?
Can you give me some examples of the type of cuisine that is available?|There's british, european, indian, and thai.
What's the address, postcode and phone number of the thai restaurant?|Sala Thong serves Thai food and is located at 35 Newnham Road, Newnham cb39ey. Their phone number is 01223323178. Can I help with a booking?
Yes can you please book that for me?|What day and time would you like me to reserve the restaurant for?
let's book it for wednesday please.|How many people will the booking be for and what time would you prefer the booking to be at?
I think we're jumping way ahead of ourselves here. Let's start afresh. Please get me the address to the acorn and then we can proceed with getting a taxi|The address to acorn is 154 chesterton road.
Thank you! Good bye.|Thank you for calling Cambridge TownInfo centre. It was a pleasure to help you.
Hi, I am looking for a restaurant called nandos city centre.|sure, i have their information. what would you like to know?
Please do assist to book a table for 3 people for me for Friday dining by 13:45 and also let me have their address and phone number.|Your restaurant booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : IH9ELVHA. Is there something more I can help with?
I also need a train|Okay, where will you be departing from and what is your destination please
I'll be leaving broxbourne and traveling to cambridge on friday. I must arrive by 10:30|Tr5570 will be perfect. Shall I book it?
Yes,  please and can you provide me a reference number?|How many people need train tickets?
I need the train for 3 people.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 53.7 GBP payable at the station, Reference number is : GZWMON81.  Any further questions today?
Thanks that's all I need for the night.|Thank you very much and have a wonderful evening.
I would like to take a train from Cambridge to Leicester.|Sure. I have a number of trains available. what day and time do you prefer?
This Thursday, and I would like to arrive by 14:00.|TR8080 arrives at 13:06, does that work for you?
Yes, please make a booking for 4 people.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 151.19 GBP payable at the station .
Reference number is : 3EF4MBB7.
I need a restaurant in centre and in the expensive prince range|We have a wide variety of restaurants in the centre. Is there a particular type of food that you'd like?
I don't have a preference, I just want to book a table for 4 at 11:15 on Thursday, anywhere is fine.|Ok, how about bedouin which serves African food and is in the center of town?
Great. Please go ahead and book it.|Your reference number is A69RQEJA. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Thanks so much. Good bye!|You are very welcome. let us know if you need anything else.
I will be staying in Cambridge.  I need a hotel with wifi.|What about a and b guest house? It's in the East.
I need something in the centre.|There are 7 hotels which area do you prefer?
The north part of town|I ran a search in the north, there's 12 choices.  Lets make sure were on the same page, is this the area that you want? Also hotel or Guesthouse?
Sorry, I've been all over the place. To be clear, I need a hotel with free wifi and parking that is in the centre.|Shall I choose a hotel for you, or do you have a preference? 4 hotels have free parking and internet in that area.
yes please recommend one. the booking is needed for saturday. 3 nights, 6 people|May I recommend alexander bed and breakfast. While it is a cheap guesthouse in the centre of town, it has a 4 star rating and also included internet and parking
Ok great. Can you book a room for 6 people and 3 nights starting from Saturday.|Booking was successful.
Reference number is : QK6KCZQA
Great, thank you. I'm also in need of an Indian restaurant in the cheap price range. Can you find me one?|We have several.  What part of town are you thinking?
Any will do, what ever you recommend.|Royal Spice is located in the north.  It's one of my personal favorites.  Would you like me to make reservations for you?
I certainly want to try it then. Please book for 6 people at 11:30 on Saturday.|You have been booked at the Royal Spice. Your reference number is WSPAI5JJ. Can I be of further assistance today?
Thank you .  I am all set.|Great! And you're welcome, have a great day!
I am looking for a nice bistro in Cambridge, moderately priced would be good.|unfortunately i don't have anything in that price range
There's nothing moderate in all of the centre area?  Or just bistro food?|We have 31 moderately priced restaurants in the center, just no Bistro, sorry.
Is there a gastropub in that area instead?|Yes, we have one and it's called The Cow Pizza Kitchen and Bar.  Would you like for me to book a reservation for you?
Yes, let's book a table for 6 people at 14:45 on tuesday.|Alright, your reservation is made with reference number V76UTC2C. Can I help you with anything else?
i also need a hotel room for two nights and 1 person and must have free parking|What area do you need it to be in?
In the centre please|What price range?
Not price specific but I want something 0 star.|I think El Shaddai would be perfect for you.  It's in the centre of town, 0 star, and has free wifi and parking.  Can I book for you?
Does it have internet?|Yes it does and is included in the price!
Could I have the phone number and type of hotel? Also need a taxi to the restaurant and arrive by the booked time. Provide the contact number and car type.|The phone number is 01223327978.
thank you that will be all|Okay, but do you still need a taxi?
yes i want to book a taxi to commute between the two places.|to which direction will you be going?
Going from El Shaddai to the Cow Pizza Kitchen and Bar, and I need to arrive in time for my reservation at the restaurant.|OKay I will look into this for you and be back in a moment.
Thank you. I appreciate your quick response.|It looks like you will arrive by 14:45. Your booking is complete and the car type is grey audi. The contact number is 07534462642.
I am looking for a restaurant in the centre area in the cheap price range|There are 15 restaurants that fit your request. Do you know what type of food you will want to eat?
I don't care, just as long as it's cheap and in the center of town.|How about Charlie Chan?  It's a Chinese restaurant that is located in the centre and is cheap.
What is the address? Is there a train I can take to get there?|The address is regent street city centre. Where will you be departing from?
leave after 18:15 and should depart from cambridge on monday,can you book it for me|I have train TR7409 leaving Cambridge at 09:00, will that do? How many tickets would you like?
I just need the price of that train.|Where are you heading? The cost for trains varies based on the station you go to. I know you're leaving from Cambridge, but to where?
My destination is stevenage.|TR8290 leaves Cambridge at 9:21 and gets to Stevenage at 10:10.  The cost is 12.80 GBP.
thanks! that's all i needed to know|Glad to be able to help! Is there any other information or reservations that you are needing?
No, that is all I need today. Thank you for your help!|Thank you for contacting the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Goodbye
Is there anywhere that serves British fish and chips around here?|There are a lot of restaurants that serve British food. Do you have a specific area or price range in mind?
I'd like something downtown and moderately priced|We do not have any restaurant downtown, would you like me search in a different area?
Any area is fine, really. It should be moderately priced however.|I found four British restaurants in centre and one in east.  Which area would be more convenient?
East, please.|I found cotto, a moderate british restaurant in the east. Do you like the address and phone number?
Yes, I would like the address and phone number, please.|The address is 183 East Road City Centre and the phone number is 01223302010.
Thank you. Goodbye.|Thank you, have a nice day!
I am looking for an expensive restaurant in the centre at Cambridge.|There are 33 restaurants that fit your requirements, is there a type of cuisine you are interested in?
The restaurant should serve seafood.|Loch Fyne is an expensive seafood restaurant in the centre.  Should I book it?
Yes please. Can you book it for 3 people on Wednesday?|What time would you like me to book the reservation?
Please book the reservation for 18:30.|The booking was successful. The reference number is JX5WC64A.
Thanks. Now I need to find a train from stansted airport to cambridge on wednesday.|i have found 19 trains. what time do you wish to depart?
I need to arrive by 15:15, can you give me a train ID matching that and a departure time?|TR5499 leaves Stansted Airport at 14:24 and arrives in Cambridge at 14:52.  Would that work for you?
That is everything I needed to know. Thanks for your help!|Okay I am glad to be of service. Thanks for calling.
I want to find a cheap Hungarian restaurant.|I'm sorry, but there are no restaurants that match your criteria. Would you like to broaden your search?
What kind of cheap restaurants are there in the center of town?|A few cheap restaurants in the centre of town include Asian oriental, Chinese, Indian, Italian, Mediterranean cuisine. Do any of these interest you?
Ooh, Italian sounds good.|Zizzi Cambrdige is my recommendation. Would you like to book a table there?
Yes please I need a table for 7 people at 13:30 on thursday|Unfortunately that time is not available, would you like to try another time or restaurant?
how about 12:30 then?|We have you booked for a party of 7 at zizi cambridge for 12:30. The reference number is F25II3N0. They hold the reservation for 15 minutes.
Ok, great! Can you also help me find a train going to cambridge?|Sure thing there are 1,414 trains heading to cambridge, do you have a time or location you would like to depart from?
I would like to depart from kings lynn.|There are 19 trains that day, so you have a arrival or departure preference?
I'd like to arrive no later than 9:00 in the morning.|TR8705 will arrive in cambridge at 8:58, would you like to book a ticket for this or is that cutting it too close to your time?
I can make that arrival time work. Let's book it. And what is the total price and travel time, please?|Booking for your train is successful. The total will be 68.6 for 7 people and the travel time is 47 minutes.
Thank you for all your help, that is all I need today.|Thanks for using our system!
I am looking for a good hotel in north Cambridge.|The acorn guest house is a nice guesthouse.  Would that work?
Does it have a 4 star rating?  I would like a place with four stars?|Yes it does. Would you like to book?
Yes please. I need it for 5 people for 4 nights staring from Thursday.|The booking was successful.
Your reference number is : A9VM6FAU.  Is there anything else I can do to assist you today?
I would also like more info about Pizza Hut in the city center.|There is a Pizza Hut on Regent Street City Centre.  Would you like me to make a reservation for you?
Yes, I want a reservation for thursday at 19:30 and 5 people. Give me the reference number please.|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Reference number is : PURZ5YVG. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, I will need a taxi to go between the two places.|Please specify for the taxi which location you'll depart from and which is the destination. Also I need a time to leave at or arrive by
Depart the hotel and arrive at restaurant by booked time. I need car type and contact info|I have made that booking for you. It will be a white ford and the contact number is 07171542462.
Thank you very much.|Can I help you with anything else? If not, goodbye have a nice day
Hi! I need a restaurant that serves Chinese food please!|There are quite a few Chinese restaurants. Are you looking for one in particular area or price range?
Yes.  I would like an expensive one please.|What about Hakka? It is an expensive Chinese restaurant in the north part of town.
I'm looking for a restaurant in the centre of town. Are there any available?|I have a listing for ugly duckling,would you like me to make a reservation?
Yes please, I would like to book a table for 5 people at 11:30 on Wednesday. I would also like a reference number please.|I have Tang Chinese open then, Reference number is : 1AZI69I4. Need anything else?
That is everything. Thanks!|You are welcome. Enjoy your meal at Tang Chinese.  Good Bye.
Hi, I need a train out of london liverpool street on Monday|What time did you want to leave london liverpool or arrive in cambridge?
i want to leave after 12:15|TR6226 will leave at 13:39, would that work for you?
Sure. Can I get the arrival time and how long it will take?|The arrival time is by 15:07 and it will take 88 minutes. Can I book that for you?
Not right now. However, I do need to find an expensive restaurant to dine at in the centre of town. Any suggestions?|Kymmoy looks like a good choice.
Please reserve a restaurant for five people at 19:15 on Monday|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : DWLEYVAV. is there anything else i could help you with?
That is all I need.|It has been a pleasure, have a great day. Goodbye
Hey there, I need a train from stevenage that leaves after 09:45. Can you help?|I would be happy to help with your request, what is your destination and what day will you be leaving?
We are going to cambridge and would like to leave on monday after 09:45.  Thanks for your help.|Would a train departing at 09:54 work for you?
That sounds great!  Could you give me the arrival time, travel time, and train ID as well?|Sure. It's train TR8265, arrives at 10:43 in Cambridge and has a duration of 49 minutes. Can I book you seat?
Maybe later. I am also looking for an expensive restaurant.|There are many expensive restaurants in the city. Do you have an area or type of cuisine that you'd prefer?
No, I'll take your recommendation. I do need postcode, address and phone number, please.|I would recommend bedouin,address is 100 Mill Road City Centre,phone is 01223367660 and post code is cb12bd.
Okay, that's great!  Thank you very much!  That's all I needed.|Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No, that would be all. Thanks. Bye.|Alright, thanks for using Cambridge TownInfo centre! Have a great day!
I'd like information about a restaurant in South that serves English food.|I'm sorry, there are no restaurants in the south that serve english food. Can I look for something else?
How about chinese food?|There are three restaurants that serve Chinese food in the south part of town. What price range would you like?
cheap price range|The Lucky Star is the only Chinese restaurant in the south part of town. Would you like any specific contact information for them?
Yes, I would like to know the address please|The lucky star is located at Cambridge Leisure Park Clifton Way Cherry Hinton.  Can I help you with anything else?
Thank you, Goodbye.|Thank you, goodbye!
Hello, I'd like to get some info one a hotel please.|I can definitely assist with your lodging needs.   Did you want me to look for a specific place or run a search in an area?
Please look in the north of town.|There are 13 in that area.
Is there one with free parking and a 2 star rating?|I'm showing two in that area both offering free wifi and parking.  I suggest Ashley hotel.  The phone number is 01223350059. Shall I book a room for you?
I am looking for a restaurant in the west part of town.|There are 14 restaurants in the west. Are you looking for a particular cuisine?
I would like christmas food.|I'm sorry, there are no restaurants listed serving Christmas food.  Would you like to try a different kind of food?
How about british food?|There are 3 british restaurants in the west. Do you like moderate or expensive price range?
Either one is fine.|Graffiti is an expensive restaurant serving british food in the west. Would you like the phone number, address, or postcode?
I want the address and phone number.|the address is Hotel Felix Whitehouse Lane Huntingdon Road and the phone number is 01223 277977
Thank you goodbye.|Goodbye.
Hi, I'm looking for a restaurant in the moderate price range that sells north indian food.|Unfortunately there is not hotel with those characteristics. perhaps you could try other types of cuisine?
I'm looking for a restaurant, not a hotel. Can you try again?|My apologies. I meant to say restaurant not hotel. Unfortunately, there aren't any restaurants that are that price range that serve north indian food.
Okay. How about one that serves italian food?|We have 5 locations that match your criteria. What area of town would you like it in?
I would like it to be in the east area of town please.|The Pizza Hut in Cambridge Retail Park Newmarket Road Fen Ditton seems to meet your requirements.
Sounds good, can I get the phone number and postcode, please?|The number there is 01223323737 and the postcode is cb58wr.  Anything else?
That is all! Thank you!|You're welcome, enjoy your meal.
Find me expensive restaurant that serves international food.|My apologies.  I could not find any restaurants that serve International food in the expensive price range.
British.|fitzbillies restaurant serves British food, is located in the centre of town and is in the expensive price range.
What is the phone number?|It's 01223352500.  Would you like the address?
No, you've covered it all, I believe. Thanks for your help.|You're welcome.
What museums are there in the north area of town?|I'm sorry. There are none.
How about a swimming pool then?|King Hedges Learner Pool is located at Jedburgh Court, Kings Hedges.
Thank you. I just need the phone number and I'm wondering how much the entrance fee is?|Yes of course their telephone number is 01223353248 and I do not unfortunately have information on their entrance cost at this time.
Thanks, that sounds great.  Can you suggest a cheap restaurant near the pool?|There are 2 cheap options in the North by the pool. Royal Spice serves Indian and Da Vinci Pizzeria serves Italian. Do you have a preference?
I am actually looking for a restaurant that serves scottish food.|I am sorry there are not any restaurants that serve Scottish food in the north area. Would you like to broaden your area?
How about Italian food?|Yes, da vinci pizzeria is in the north and serves italian food and is in the cheap price range. Can I reserve a table for you?
Yes please.  There will be 5 of us and we would like to eat on Tuesday at 17:45.|I am very sorry that time was not available at da vinci pizzeria. Would you like to try a different time/day?
How about 16:45 on Tuesday? Can I have the reference number?|I'm sorry, that time is not available either.  Would you like to try another one?
15:45, 18:45, if not Is there another italian restaurant that I could get a table for 5 at etiher 16:45 or 17:45?|I am very sorry, our system was giving me an error, but I have managed to book your party of 5 at 16:45 on Tuesday. Your reference number is  XRR7UTLU. Is there anything else I can help with?
Yes I will also need a taxi to commute between the two places.|I have a taxi that can take you from the King Hedges Pool to the restaurant, arriving there by your reservation time of 16:45. Will that work for you?
What is the contact number and what will be the car type?|Contact number is 07516311076, car type is a grey Ford.
Thank you so much!|Anything else I can do for you?
No, that is all I need today. Thanks again! Bye.|Okay enjoy your stay in Cambridge!
I'm looking for a train that leaves on Thursday after 21:30.|Where will you be traveling to?
I will be going to Broxbourne.|I have 2 trains going to broxbourne, do you have an arrival time preference?
i just want to leave after 21:30|Will an arrival time of 22:01 work for you?
Yes, that would be fine. I'll need the price and travel time for that, please.|will you be leaving cambridge?
Yes, I'll be leaving from cambridge. What's the train number and cost? Oh, and how long is the trip?|It costs 17.90 pounds.  I need to know your arrival time to determine the trainid.
I also would like to book a table for 3 at prezzo for 16:00 the same day I arrive or Tuesday. I need the reference number also.|I was able to reserve a table at Prezzo on Thursday at 16:00. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes, reference number R0Q4HL63. Can I assist with anything else?
No thank you that will be all|Have a nice day.
Can you help me find a resturant?|I can do that. I have 110 restaurants listed. Do you have a price range, a specific part of town or a specific kind of food in mind?
I am looking at the Missing Sock. I need to book it Monday at 19:15 for 6 people.|Your table is reserved for Monday at 19:15 for 6 people. The reference number is ZH5IHCZV.
Great, how about finding a cool place for us to check out in the centre area also?|What would you like to do? If you like music, I would recommend the man on the moon. It's a concert hall located at 2 norfolk street.
I want to visit an entertainment attraction please|We don't have any entertainment attractions in the center. Would you like to try another area.
What about any museums in the centre of town?|There are 11 options. I personally recommend castle galleries. It is free to visit.
Thank you, can you give me the phone number and postcode?|Sure. The postcode for Castle Galleries is cb23bj and the phone number is 01223307402. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
I want a taxi. I'll depart from the attraction and go to the restaurant, arriving by 19:15. Please give me the car and contact info.|Booking completed! Booked car type yellow skoda Contact number 07348916006. May I help with anything else ?
No, that is all I need for today. Thank you for all your help!|You are welcome, enjoy your stay
Well, I am coming to Cambridge and was hoping to try some local restaurants.  Can you help me with my choices?|Yes, I can help you with that! What type of food would you like to eat and what is your price range?
I need something expensive please preferably in the North.|If you like European food, I'd recommend City Stop Restaurant.
I'll give that a try. Book a table for 6 people for Sunday at 12:30 please.|Thank you.  I have booked you a table for six on Sunday at 12:30 at City Stop Restaurant, and your reference number is CAWRD4D1.
Thank you. I also need a train the same day.|Ok, let's narrow this down a bit.  Where would you like to depart from and where are you going?
I am departing from Peterborough and going to Cambridge.|Did you have an arrival or departure time in mind?
I want ot get in by 8:00, I need to get in in plenty of time for my Sunday booking.|The TR7721 would work for you, do you need a booking?
Yes, I need 6 tickets and the reference number of the booking.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 79.19 GBP payable at the station .Reference number is : 8M72FMPK.
Thanks you, that is everything, you helped me a lot.  Thanks a bunch!!|Thanks for contacting us, have a pleasant stay!
Hi there! Can you give me some info on Cityroomz?|Cityroomz is located at Sleeperz Hotel, Station Road in the Centre area. It is a moderatley priced hotel with a 0 star rating. Would you like to book a room?
Yes please. I need it for 7 people for 3 nights starting on tuesday.|How many days would you like to book it for?
I would like to book it for 3 nights beginning on Tuesday.|Ok, Your rooms have been booked.  Your reference number is CYJDAR7R.  Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Yeah, I need a restaurant in the west and with expensive pricing.|There are 9 expensive restaurants in the west area. Do you prefer a certain type of food?
No, I don't have a preference, but I need the phone number and postcode.|I recommend Graffiti, the number is 01223277977 and the postcode is cb30lx.  Would you like me to book a table for you?
No, right now, I just need the infor.  Thanks!|Can I help you with anything else today?
That is all. thanks|Thank you for using our system.
Hi, I'm looking for an expensive restaurant that serves kosher food.|In which area would you like to find a Kosher restaurant in the expensive price range?
I do not care about the location.|There are no Kosher restaurant in the expensive price range. Is there another food type or price range that you would like?
How about Korean food in the expensive price range?|There is a Korean restaurant in the expensive price range in the centre area of town. Would you like their information?
Yes, I would like their address please.|The address of Little Seoul Korean restaurant is 108 Regent Street City Centre, postcode C.B 2, 1 D.P
Thank you.  That is all of the info that I needed.  Good bye.|You're welcome.  Good bye.
I want to find a zero star rated hotel.|Interestingly enough, I have 3 of those! Do you have a certain area in mind? I have places in the north and centre.
It should be in the cheap price range|There is a guesthouse located in the north and a guesthouse located in the centre, do you have a preference of area?
I would prefer the centre please.|I have the el shaddai guesthouse.  Should I go ahead and book that now?
Yes can you please book that?|for how many people do i book and for how long?
Sorry, I actually won't need it booked after all. I only want to know if they have free parking and also the phone number and address there please.|Their address is 41 warkworth street, cb11eg. Their phone number is 01223327978. They do indeed have free parking.
Great, thank you so much! Now I just need to find a place to eat.|I have many different options for restaurants. Do you have a preference of the area, price range, or type of food?
Let's look for a cheap place.|There are quite a few Chinese restaurants in that area. How about Golden House?
Sounds fine.  Could you make a reservation for 4 at 11:45 on Wednesday?  I will need the reference number too|I have made the reservation. Your reference number is FZT238P9. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No thank you that will be all.|You are welcome, enjoy your stay in Cambridge.
Please provide me information on the restaurant one seven.|Restaurant one seven serves British food in the centre area at moderate prices. Would you like to book there?
Yes I would like to book a table for 3 people at 20:00 on Wednesday.|I have you booked for a table of 3 at 20:00 on Wednesday, would you like a confirmation receipt?
Yes, please give me the reference number.|I am sorry the Booking was unsuccessful can I help you find another place in the same area and price range?
I am disappointed but willing to try another place in the same area and price range. What do you recommend?|There are 21 different restaurants that follow those criteria. Did you want to stay within the british theme or try something else?
Yes, we can stick to British please|The Oak Bistro was available to be booked, your reference number is EO5VQ6EJ.
Thanks for all of your help you were great!|You're welcome! Your table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Enjoy your meal!
I'm looking for a place to eat that is japanese that is in the mid price range please.|I'm sorry I do not have any Japanese restaurants in that price range. I do have one expensive listing. Would you be interested in that?
Yes. Where area is it located in? I need it to be in the west.|It is in the city centre.
That won't work. How about an Italian restaurant in the west that is moderately priced?|Prezzo is an Italian restaurant in the west part of town with a moderate price range. Would you like to book a table?
Yes I would like to book a table for 2 people at 11:00 on Friday.|I have booked a table for 2 people at 11:00 on Friday at Prezzo.
Could you help me finding some place to eat for dinner?|Do you have a food type preference?
No I'm trying to find an attraction near town centre, preferably near a college.|I have several places. Is there a specific one you have in mind.
Not really.  Which college would you suggest I visit?|Emmanuel College is a great college to visit.  It is located at saint andrew's street and the entrance is free.
Do they have a phone number?|Yes. it is 01223334200. anything else i can do for you?
Yes, may I please have the full address with postcode for Emmanuel College?|Of course! Emmanuel College is located on saint andrew's street, postcode cb23ap. May I assist you with anything else?
Yes, I also need the postcode, area, and food type for a place called Royal Standard.|The Royal Standard is a gastropub in the east, the postcode is cb13nl.
Thank you!  Have a great day!|You're welcome. Do you need any further assistance?
No, I don't need anything else. Goodbye|Goodbye. Have a wonderful day and stay.
Can you help me find a place to eat that serves unusual food in the centre?|There are no restaurants that serve unusual food in the centre. Would you like to search a different area?
How about british?|There are seven British restaurants in the center. Four are moderately priced and three are expensive. What is your preference, please?
Moderate sounds good.  Can you book a table at any one of the 4 for 8 people on Monday at 18:00?|I got a table for you at cotto. Your reference number is GA03MU3U. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Great! Thank you for the reference number GA03MU3U. Goodbye.|You're very welcome. Goodbye!
I am looking for a place to dine|There are many different options in town! Do you have a particular type of food and price range in mind?
Expensive is what I am looking for. I don't have a preference for the exact type of food.|There is Saigon City which is asian oriental located in chesterton
That sounds great.  Can I get their phone number?|Sure, it is 01223356555.  Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
looking for a train, The train should arrive by 15:45 and should leave on saturday.
The train should go to cambridge and should depart from ely|TR4698 leaves Ely at 13:35 and arrives in Cambridge at 13:52.  Will this work for you?
Yes please book it foe me thank you|I have booked the train TR4698 for you successfully. Your reference number is 7MHIH3MB. The price is 3.52 GBP payable at station. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No that's all! Thank you very much!|You are welcome! Have a nice day!
Hello!  Can you help me find a particular restaurant?|Sure, is there a particular cuisine you're looking for?
I am looking for the missing sock.|The Missing Sock is located at Finders Corner Newmarket Road in the east. Phone is 01223812660.
Can you book  The Missing Sock for 5 people on Monday at 17:45?|I sure can. If you bump your time back an hour there is a discount. Would you be interested in that?
No thank you. Can you try to keep it at 17:45 unless its unavailable. And can I get a reference number please.|Ok, all set. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes and your reference number is UT72J030. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Thanks, I also need a train departing from Cambridge and going to London Liverpool Street and need to arrive by 17:30.|Will this be for Monday also?
Yes, Monday and please provide the price.|There are 49 train options and the price is 16.60 pounds.
As long as it arrives by 17:30 and meets the other criteria you can choose.|The first train leaves at 5:59.
That might be a little early. Can you find something that arrives clsoer to 17:30?|TR3602 arrives at london liverpool street by 17:27, if that is cutting it too close the next closest is TR1764 arriving by 15:27.
Will you book it for me?|I would be happy to book for you, how many tickets will you need?
just one ticket.|You are set, the total fee is 16.6 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : 7FGNO098., any other questions?
No, that will be all for me. Thank you and have a nice day!!|I hope you enjoy your stay.
Please suggest me some moderately priced restaurant in the south.|I found two moderately priced restaurants in the south part of town. Would you prefer Italian or Modern European food?
italian food|Pizza Hut Cherry Hinton is a nice italian restaurant in the moderate price range and it is in the south.
Is there anything else?|Pizza Hut Cherry Hinton is the only Italian restaurant in the moderately priced category in the south part of town.
Can I get the address, phone number and postcode, please?|The phone number for pizza hut cherry hinton 01223 323737 and they are located at G4 Cambridge Leisure Park Clifton Way Cherry Hinton.  The postcode is  C.B 1, 7 D.Y
Thank you, goodbye|Have a nice day.
I need to find a train that leaves on Wednesday and arrives at its destination by 12:30. Can you help?|There is a train leaving from London Kings Cross at 11:00 and arrives by 11:51.
Thank you very much.|You're welcome.  Is there anything else I can assist you with?
I want to book that train for 6 people.|I can go ahead and book those for you.
Great, can I get the reference number for the train? Also I would like to find a moderate price Cantonese restaurant.|Ok I will book that for you and get you a confirmation number
Great Please provide the reference number and then let me know about the restaurant.|I apologize the trains available arrive in Cambridge at 12:08. Would you like me to book this?
No. I need a train that arrives by 12:30 and departs from Stevenage, not London Kings Cross.|The closest one is TR4626, which arrives in cambridge by 10:43. Want me to book it?
Sure. Once again, it'll be for 6 people. And PLEASE remember the confirmation number this time!|Okay, booked as requested. The reference is 3ZQAT0V1.
Thanks that's all for me today|Have a wonderful time.
I am looking for a train leaving cambridge after 15:00.|what is your destination?
I'm going to Bishops Stortford.|The TR2730 leaves at 15:29. Do you want to book it?
yes please and I need the price and arrival time|How many tickets do you need?
Just 1 ticket please.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 10.1 GBP payable at the station. Your reference number is : 12VHBCG9. Can I help with anything else today?
Yes, I would like to find an expensive Austrian food.|I'm sorry, but there are no Austrian restaurants anywhere in Cambridge. Would you like to try a different type of cuisine?
Oh, that's too bad.  I do need something in the center.  Is there any British food?|Yes, there are a number of options.  Did you have a price range in mind?
I'd like something expensive please.|We have three options that meet your criteria. Would you like a recommendation?
Yes, whatever you recommend will be fine. I need a reservation for monday at 10:15. 2 people please.|I've booked you at fitzbillies restaurant. Your reference number is X5JH9O7F. What else can I help you with today?
Great! Thank you! That's all I need.|You're welcome, let me know if I can assist with anything else.
Need a train to cambridge from bishops stortford.|There is a train on friday that leaves at 7:29 am
Will that train arrive by 15:45?|Yes, it arrives in Cambridge at 8:07.  Would you like me to reserve some seats for you?
What is the price and travel time for that train?|The price is 10.10 pounds and the travel time is 38 minutes.
I am also looking for a restaurant that serves german food at the moderate price range.|I'm sorry, but there are no restaurants that meet all of those specifications. Would you like to look for a different cuisine type or price range?
Can you recommend a Chinese restaurant since German is not available?|Yes, there are there are several. I could try to book you a table at Shanghai Family Restaurant in the city centre, or would you like to hear about the others?
Ok, I need a table for 2 at 18:45 on the same day please.|I have a table for 2 reserved for you at 18:45, your reference number is  6VIFYHL7. Is there anything else I may assist you with today?
No, thats all i needed.|Thank you for contacting Cambridge TownInfo centre.  I hope you have a nice visit!  Goodbye!
I am looking for a restaurant that serves British food in the expensive price range.|Okay how about the Travellers Rest on the west side?
No.  I need something in the centre.|Fitzbillies Restaurant is very good.  Do you need a table?
Yes, please book for 6 people at 11:00 on Tuesday.  Can I get a reference number?|Yes I will get a confirm number for you
I would like to find a museum in the west.|There 7 great museums in that area is there a type of museum you'd like to visit?
No, not really. Which one is your favorite?|Cafe jello gallery is amazing. Admission is free. The phone number is 01223312112. It is located at 13 magdalene street. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Thanks, there is, could I fine a place to eat with a moderate price range in the same area?|There are three choices, a british, italian and indian, place, any preference among those?
I really like Italian food.  What are the options?|I have Prezzo that is a moderately priced italian restaurant in the west. They are located at 21-24 Northhampton Road. Did you need a reservation?
Yes on Tuesday at 13:45. There will be 2 of us.|Okay. Your booking was successful. The reference number is 8Z0BBWCE. Your table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
I need to book a taxi from the museum to the restaurant.|Okay great. I completed your booking. The car type will be a red volkswagen and the contact number is 07076762321
I need to make sure I get there by the booking time of 13:45. Can you double check?|Sure.  I have double checked, and everything looks good.  Do you need anything else?
No, that will be all. Thank you!|you're welcome, have a great day!
is there a restaurant that serves gastropub food in the centre?|Yes, there are 3! Backstreet Bistro is my favorite, but they're a bit expensive. The Cow Pizza Kitchen and Bar is more moderately priced, and also wonderful.
What is the address of Backstreet Bistro?|The address is 2 Sturton Street. Post code is cb12qa.
I am also looking for some entertainment near the restaurant. Any suggestions?|There is a lot of things to do in the centre. What type of entertainment are you interested in?
What sort of entertainment options are there?|Sorry, nothing comes up for that search. Would you care to try a different area or type?
Yes, can you check for concerthall?|There are no concert halls in that area.
There are none in the entire city center?|I must have overlooked it. The man on the moon is a concerthall in the centre area.
Will you be able to book that for me tonight?|They don't take reservations, they are at 2 norfolk st
may i have the phone number, postcode, and address ?|Sure their address is 2 norfolk st and their post code is cb12lf and the phone number is 01223474144, is there anything else I can help you with?
I also want to book a taxi to commute between the two places.|What time would you like that taxi, and which site is your departure?
I want to leave the restaurant and I want to leave by 10:15.|Your driver will arrive in a black Volkswagen. You can call or text them at 07030408107.
Thanks so much. I don't need anything further. Bye!|You're welcome. Bye.
I would like a restaurant in the north part of town that serves australasian food|There are no restaurants matching your criteria. Would you like to search for something else?
How about asian oriental food?|Saigon City serves asian oriental and they are located in the north, although they are quite expensive. Would you like the address?
Yes, I would like their address and phone number.|Saigon City's address is 169 High Street Chesterton Chesterton  and its phone number is 01223 356555
Thank you goodbye.|thank you and good bye
I'm looking for an expensive restaurant in the south.|Hi! We have mexican, italian, indian, and chinese restaurants that fit the bill. Do you have any preferences?
I don't have any preference.|Chiquito restaurant bar is located in the south part of town and in the expensive price range.
Do you have a phone number for them?|The number is 01223 400170.
Have a good evening.|Have a good evening.
Find me a college in the centre, please.|There are thirteen to choose from. Downing College is nice, and of course there's always Trinity College. Can I get you more information about them, or one of the others?
Maybe Trinity College. What's their entrance fee, phone number, and what postcode are they in, please?|Entrance fee is just 1 pound.  Their phone is 01223338400 and post code is cb21tq.  Does that sound good to you?
Yes thank you.  I'd also like to find a restaurant in the same area.|Any criteria come in mind for the restaurant as far as price, location, type of food?
Would like to dine somewhere with a moderate price range.|The Oak Bistro is a nice British Restaurant in the centre.  Does that sound appetizing?
Does that serve European food?|Yes it does serve European food. Would you like me to book it?
Yes, I'd like a table for 2 on Tuesday at 18:45 if that's possible.|My apologies.  The Oak Bistro is a British restaurant, but if you want a restaurant that specializes in European food, I'd suggest Galleria.  How about booking that?
Sounds good. I need it for 2 people at 18:45 on Tuesday.|I was able to successfully book you for 2 at 18:45 on Tuesday at Galleria. The reference number is  MWT848BZ. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
I also need a taxi to go between the two places.|What time would you like to leave?
I just want to make sure the taxi arrives at the restaurant by the booked time. When would you recommend I schedule the cab?|I can schedule a taxi for you from here, I can book one for the closest time to 18:45.
Great, can I get the contact number and the car type?|Sure, look for a white Tesla.  The reference number is 07472267746.  May I be of further assistance to you today?
No, that is all that I needed.  Thank you for your help!|Thank you for contacting Cambridge TownInfo centre. Goodbye!
Looking for a train that leaves on saturday|Yes, there are 404 trains. Would you like to tell me more to narrow your search?
Leaving Birmignham New Street, to Cambridge.|No problem. Any preference on times?
I would need to leave after 08:30.|TR1958 leaves at 8:40 - would you like tickets on that train?
Not yet.. just needed the ID.  Also, looking for a place to dine in the center of town at a moderate price range.|I have many delicious options. How does Cotto sound? It's British food.
That works for me. Book it for 3 people at 21:00 on the same day.|Unfortunately, there is no availability for that time. Did you have a different time in mind?
Oh, bummer. How about 20:00?|That worked! Your reference number is  WASWNFH0.
Thank you.  That is all.|You're welcome. Have an awesome day.
Hello, I am looking for info on a restaurant in the west that serves french food.|There are no French restaurants in the west. Would you like to try a different part of town or a different type of food?
There are no expensive french restaurants in the west?|Yes, that's right.
What about an expensive place that serves British food?|I have two that meets that criteria. I would like to recommend the graffiti it is in the west side and serves british food.
Let's try the graffiti. I need their phone number, address, and the post code please.|The phone number is 01223277977.  The address is Hotel Felix Whitehouse Lane Huntingdon road postcode cb30lx.
Thanks. I also need a train ticket. The train needs to arrive by 13:15 and go to cambridge please.|Where will you be departing from?
I am departing from Ely.|What day would you like to travel and do you have a specific departure time in mind?
The train should leave on friday and departure time doesn't matter as long as it arrives by 13:15.|consider it done,
Di you find me a train?|I TR0212 the total fee is 4.4 GBP payable at the station and the reference number is : RWIT4QLJ.
I want to find a place to stay on the south side.  I want free wifi too.|There are a handful of locations in the area that suit your needs. I would recommend Rosa's Bed and Breakfast, a four star hotel with free wifi at an affordable price.
That sounds great, as long as it has free parking and is a guesthouse type of hotel.|It fills both of those criteria. Do you want me to book it?
Can you tell me the price range? I also need the address.|There at three different price ranges. Do you prefer cheap, moderate, or expensive?
It does not matter. But do tell me the address and price range of the place you book for me.|What day would you like to book?
Please book it for 4 people at 11:45 on Monday.|Before I can book it, I would need some more information.  How many days you would like to stay?
What is the address and price range of Rosa's Bed and Breakfast?|rosa's bed and breakfast is a cheap hotel. their phone number is 122 351 2596.
i would like to book it for seven days, four people, can you do that for me?|I would be happy to book that for you, but first I want to confirm you want to start your stay on Monday is that correct?
That is correct. I'll need a restaurant booked as well, in the same area and serving Italian cuisine.|I have 2 italian restaurants for you. I have Pizza Hut Cherry Hinton and Frankie and Benny's. Can I make you a reservation at one of those?
I'll take Pizza Hut Cherry Hinton.  I'd like a table for 4 at 11:45 on Monday.|I am sorry but there is not an availability meeting your criteria. Would you like to change your day or time so I can try again?
How about 10:45?|I was able to reserve a table for you. The reference number is 8HB1J70L.  Is there anything else I can help you with?
I also need a taxi to take us from the hotel to the restaurant that will arrive by 10:45. Can you do that for me?|I was able to book a taxi for you. It is a grey Toyota and the contact number is 07075458208. Is there anything else I can help with?
Thank you that's all the info I needed today|You're very welcome, glad I could help! Have a good day.
I am looking for a moderately priced restaurant in the south part of town.|Pizza Hut Cherry Hinton is a moderately priced restaurant that's in the south part of town.
I dont want it. Show me another one .|The restaurant alimentum is a moderately priced restaurant in the south part of town.
What is the address please?|152 - 154 Hills Road
Thanks.  Could I get the phone number, too?|restaurant alimentum's phone number is 01223 413000
thank you, goodbye|you are welcome goodbye
I could really go for some Italian food - is there a good place in the city centre?|Yes we have 9 Italian restaurants in that area. Do yo have a price range you'd like to stick to?
No price range but can you check in the centre of town?|If you want to splurge, I recommend Stazione. Would you like to book a table there?
Yes. Luncheon for 7 at 12:45 this Monday, or 11:45 if the later is not available. Please get me a confirmation number too please.|You're all set! The reservation number is IGC0GLMU
Great.  Are there any interesting places to go in the area of that restaurant?|The  Broughton House Gallery is free and located at 98 King Street.
I was looking for a college.|christ's college is in the centre and admission is free
Great. Can I have the phone number?|Yes, that phone number is 01223334900. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Just a taxi from the church to the restaurant by the booking time please|It is booked for you in a yellow tesla, the contact number is 07059448074.
Great!  Thanks for all your help today!|Have a great day!
thanks again for all of your help, you've been great!|Have a great weekend.
Please, if you can, find me a restaurant in the centre that serves Indian food|There are 9 restaurants in the city centre that serve Indian food. Do you have a preference in price range?
Yes, it's for a special occasion, so something expensive would be preferred.|That narrows the selection to six. Would you like me to suggest one?
I need to book a table for 6 on Tuesday at 12:45. Can any of them do that?|There are six different restaurants in the area that can reserve you the table that you require.  Your choices are Curry Garden, The Golden Curry, Saffron Brasserie, Panahar, Curry King, and Curry Queen.  Which would you prefer?
Can you please recommend one and book it for my party?|I would recommend curry garden. I just need to verify the time needed is 12:45 on Tuesday?
Yes, that is correct, 12:45 Tuesday for 6.|Great. Your table is reserved for 15 minutes and your reference number is WA0R6QZN.
Thanks, can you help me find a train to get there as well?|I will need to know your departure and destination before reserving.
We will need to depart from Ely and will need to arrive in Cambridge by 08:15.  How long will it take to arrive and what will be the departure time?|TR6971 Departs at 07:35 and arrives by 07:52. The duration of the ride is 17 minutes. Would you like me to book it for you?
No thank you thats all I need|Thanks for using our service, and goodbye!
I would like to find an expensive restaurant in the north part of Cambridge.|Sure what type of food are you wanting to eat?
How about chinese food?|There 2 of them - the Hakka and the hotpot. Which one would you like to try?
book a table for 6 people at 11:15 on tuesday at the Hakka|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Reference number is : 48WF5G7X.  Can I help with anything else?
I am looking for a hotel in the same area that has free parking.|The Hamilton Lodge sounds perfect for you. Would you like to know more?
Do they have free wifi?|Yes, they do have internet. Shall I make a booking?
Yes please. I want 4 nights from tuesday, and for 6 people. Give me the reference number too.|Booking was successful, and your reference number is TDVD6XSM. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
I will need a taxi to get to the restaurant.|I booked the taxi, it is a yellow tesla the contact number is 07809860598. Is there anything else I can assist with today?
That is all, thank you for your help.|I'm glad we were able to help.
Hello, I am looking for a restaurant that serves Spanish food in the centre of town.|La Raza is a cheap Spanish restaurant in the centre of town.
What is the phone number and postcode?|The phone number to La Raza is 01223 464550 and its postcode is C.B 2, 3 L.L
Okay. Thank you, goodbye.|Have a great day and enjoy your food.
Thank you.|Enjoy your day!
I'm looking for places to go in north Cambridge.|Sure, how does a swimming pool, park, or a boat sound?
The park sounds great, what is the postcode and entrance fee?|Milton Country Park is free to enter, and their postcode is cb46az.
Great, thanks. Also, can you give me some information on a place called the Curry Garden restaurant?|Of course, what information are you seeking?
I need the adress and phone number please|The curry gardens phone number is 01223302330 and address is 106 Regent Street City Centre. May I help you with anything else.
No that will be all thank you so much for your assistance.|Great.  Thanks for letting up assist you today!
i am looking for a swimming pool.|Sure, which part of town are you looking for?
The area doesn't really matter, can you pick a popular me for me?|Parkside Pools is centrally located and their address is Gonville Place. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
I'm looking for a sri lankan restaurant.|I'm sorry. I'm not able to find anything that meets your criteria. Would you like to try a different type of food?
hmm, what about chinese food?|Sure I've found an expensive place named yu garden in the east, would you like me to book something?
Yes, I'd like to take my husband there at 11:30 on Wednesday.|Booked! The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Your Reference number: 5R5C75ZP.
I'd also like to book a taxi from the pool to the restaurant that arrives by the reservation time.|Sure.  What time would you like to leave?
As long as it arrives by 11:30  it doesnt matter when it leaves|Would you like me to reserve it for you.
Yes, please. I'll need the contact number and car type.|You're all set! It's a grey volvo. If you need to contact the driver for any reason, the contact number is 07174343971.
Thank you, you were a great help. That's all I needed.|welcome and have a great day
have great day too|I'll be going now. Good-bye
I'm looking for a 3 star rated place to stay at that doesn't need to have free parking|I've got the alpha-milton guest house which matches your needs and is in the north. Would you like to book that?
Can you tell me the price of the room per night?|Not an exact price but it is moderate price range, do you want me to provide their info or book you?
Yes, give me their phone number and I will call them.|Sure, you can reach them at 01223311625.  Can I help you further today?
I also need to find  Portuguese restaurant in the south.|Nandos is a portuguese restaurant in the south area. Would you like a reservation?
What is the price range of that restaurant?|it's a fairly inexpensive restaurant.
I want something in the moderate price range.|I have nothing that meets those requirements. Can I try something else?
What about modern European food?|Restaurant Alimentum is moderately priced modern european cuisine and is located in the South. Shall I book that for you?
No thank you I just need information right now. I would like the address and phone number.|The address is 152 - 154 Hills Road, postcode cb28pb. Is there something else I can help with?
Thanks! I also need to book a taxi between my hotel and the restaurant, leaving my hotel by 04:30, please.|Your taxi is booked. Be expecting a blue Volvo. Please call 07811154619 should you need to reach them.
Thank you. That is all that I need.|You're welcome! Have a great day!
Hello, I'm looking for local tourist attractions located in the west. May I please have that information?|Yes, in the west, I have colleges and museums. Some are free and some cost several pounds.  Would you like information for a college?
Yes tell me about the colleges.|There are five colleges in the west but the most prestigous one is churchill college, would you like more information?
Could you pick the best on and give me the address?|Clare hall is the best the address is herschel road.
Thank you.  Could yo also find a Polish restaurant in the expensive range in the same area?|There are no expensive Polish restaurants in the west, are there any other sorts of restaurants you would like?
How about something that serves british food?|graffiti is very popular and suits all your needs. Can I book it for you?
Yes please for 4 people on saturday at 17:00.|Your table is booked, ref #U8T6LQEJ. Can I help you with anything else today?
No. You're the best. Have a great day. Goodbye|You have a great day as well!  Goodbye!
Hello, I'm looking for information about restaurants in Cambridge. They should be located in the Centre and ser Gastropub food.|Would you like an expensive place? Or moderate?
Just a gastropub located in the center for 8 people at 12:00 on wednesday please|Sorry, none of the restaurants are available for that time and date. Perhaps pick another time?
How about at 11:00 instead?|Good news! I  was able to book a table for you at Backstreet Bistro on Wednesday at 11:00 for 8 people. Your reference number is 75F4S49D.
Excellent. I'm also looking to book a train too.|I can do that for you, where do you need to go?
I'll be coming to Cambridge from Broxbourne, on the same day as the restaurant booking please.|I have 5 options that will have you arrive before your restaurant reservation.  The train leaves every hour beginning at 5:32.  Would you like me to book a ticket?
Yes, please book 8 tickets on the last train to arrive before 8:30.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 143.19 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : EJJGOJ29.
Okay thank you.  That is all I needed.|Have a great dinner and a lovely train ride!
Hi, I need to find an expensive Chinese restaurant.|Do you have a preference to area. There are 9 expensive Chinese restaurants.
yes, I`d like an expensive Chinese restaurant in the area of south, thank you.|There are 2 expensive Chinese restaurants in the south side. The Peking Restaurant is at 10 Homerton Street City Centre. Would you also like information on the second one?
No, but can you book me a table for one of the south side ones? 3 people on Monday for 16:30.|Unfortunately I could not book you at that time slot at either of the expensive chinese hotels on the south side. Is there another time that would work for you?
How about 15:30? Are there any slots available then?|There is availability at the good luck chinese food takeaway and you have a reservation booked. The reference number is W06BBN75.
Alright. Now can you help me find a place to stay? I'd like the stick to the same price range as the restaurant, but I also need free WiFi.|There are 5 different hotels that fit this. They all have free internet and also parking. Did you have a certain area in town?
No, I do not have a certain area.|How about the Lensfield Hotel? It's also in the south. I can book this for you if you'd like.
I need a hotel that has a star rating of three, does the Lensfield Hotel fit into that?|It does have a 3 star rating, and free wifi and parking, would you like to book this hotel?
Yes go ahead can I please get the phone number as well?|The phone number is 01223355017. When would you like to stay, and for how many nights and people will the booking be?
I also need a taxi between the two places.|What time do you need the taxi, and do you need it from the restaurant or the hotel?
From the restaurant by the booked time.|Yes I have booked you a taxi and a blue Honda will be picking you up to arrive by 15:30. The contact number for the taxi is 07711738338.
Thank you very much for all your help.|Welcome. Is there anything else I can do for you today?
No thank you, I believe that does it.  Thanks again.|You're welcome. Good-bye.
I'm looking for information on the cambridge belfry hotel.|the cambridge belfry is cheap, located in the west, and has 4 stars. It has free internet and parking.
Can you book that for me?|Sure, when were you looking to book for?
I'm sorry i don't need that booked. Rather i need information on a place to dine. Preferably expensive and in the centre of town.|What about the Cambridge Chop House? It is located in the centre of town and has expensive food.
Sure that sounds great! Can you please give me their address, postcode and what type of food do they serve?|The Cambridge Chop House serves British cuisine and is located at 1 Kings Parade with a postcode of cb21sj.  Could I make a reservation for you?
Please make a taxi reservation for me.|I'd be happy to assist you, but I will need some more information. Where are you departing from and when would you like to leave?
I'm departing from the cambridge belfry and heading to the cambridge chop house.|What time would you like the taxi to arrive?
I need to leave the restaurant by 22:15.  I will need the contact number and car type as well please.|The car type is a white skoda and the contact number is 07572111702. Will that be all?
That is all, thank you. I got all the information that I need. Thank you and have a good day.|You're welcome. Thank you very much for using our service.
I am looking for information on a hotel called Carolina Bed and Breakfast.|Yes, the Carolina Bed and Breakfast is located on 138 perne road and is located in the east. It has 4 stars and it's price range is moderate.
how is it rated and give me the phone number and post code|The Carolina Bed and Breakfast is located at the cb13nx and is rated 4 stars. Would you like me to book a room for you?
Can I get the phone number for that please? I want to book directly through them.|The phone number is 01223247015
Can you help me find a British restaurant in a moderate price range?|We have 5 British restaurants that are in that price range.  Would you like to dine in the centre or the west?
Area doesn't matter. You can pick one and then please book it for me for 2 people on sunday at 16:30|i found one at the west i hope you will like it i will book it for you
I am looking for a moderate restaurant in the centre. Could you help me with this?|Certainly, there are 21 moderate restaurants to choose from in the centre. Are you in the mood for any particular type of food?
Yes, I would love to have some New Zealand cuisine if possible.|There are no restaurants that serve New Zealand food in the centre of town that are moderately priced. Do you want to try a different cuisine?
How about british food?|I recommend Cotto. Would you like a table there?
No thank you.  Could I get the phone number and address please?|Of course. The phone number for Cotto is 01223302010 and the address is 183 East Road City Centre. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Yes, I'm looking for a museum to go to.|Did you want that museum to be in the center of town, as well?
That sounds good, thank you.|Ok, How about the broughton house gallery?
That could work. Can I get the entrance fee, address, and postcode as well?|Of course. There is no fee to enter. The address is 98 king Street, postcode cb11ln. Do you need any more info?
No, that's all I needed. Thanks! Goodbye!|Thank you for using our services. Have a great day.
I'm looking for an upscale, expensive place to eat on the west side of town.|What type of food are you looking for?
I'm really in the mood for Jamaican food.|I'm sorry. There are no restaurants matching your criteria.
How about some indian food?|Okay now I have many options would you like a reservation at one of them?
I would. Can you book me a table for 1 on Tuesday at 11:45?|I'm sorry, all 5 restaurants meeting your criteria are booked at this time. Would you like me to try a different time slot?
Yes, can you try 10:45?|I was able to book you a table at Rice Boat on Tuesday at 10:45. The reference number is YTG3EOGF.
Thank you, that's all I need.|Great! Enjoy your meal! Goodbye!
I'm looking for information on train times, can you help?|Yes, I can help you with trains.  Where are you departing from?
I'll be leaving Stansted Airport to Cambridge after 16:15 on Wednesday.|TR1342 leaves at 16:42 would that work for you?
Yes. Can you book a single ticket for me?|Booking was successful, the total fee is 10.1 GBP payable at the station .Reference number is : 8MKSM72E. have you anything else i can help?
Yes, I need a place to have dinner. I'm thinking italian and expensive.|There are 5 locations. Did you have a preferred area of town?
The restaurant should be in the centre|i recommend caffe uno. can i book for you?
Yes. Book for 1 at 20:15.|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : LTN9KTVQ. Anything else I can help you with?
That'll be all, thank you!|You're welcome, have a great day!
Hello, I'm looking for a modern European restaurant. Got any?|You might like City Harvest. It's a very popular modern European restaurant.
Can you book it for me for 3 people at 14:00 on Wednesday?|I'm sorry, that restaurant seems to have closed.  I can reserve a table at The River Bar Steakhouse and Grill if you'd like.
Yes, that is fine.  I also need a place to stay that has free parking and at least a three star rating, can you find one for me?|yes, i have 5 that meet that criteria.
i need one to be the same price range as the restaurant.|I found no hotels that are in the cheap price range like the restaurant.  Is there another price range or star rating you would consider?
Actually it should be in the moderate price range.|Would you like to try Hamilton lodge?
Yes. I will need it for three nights, 3 people starting Wednesday.|your booking was successful. Confirmation # is AJANORT5, anything else today?
No that was all I needed.|If you need anything else contact our help desk anytime. Have a good day.
Any good places to eat in centre?|Were you interested in any particular type of food such as British or Chinese?
We wouldn't mind trying something new.  We'd like to treat ourselves to something in the expensive range.  What do you recommend?|I would recommend Kymmoy hands down.  Great little Asian Oriental place.  Can I reserve a table for you?
What's the address there?|52 Mill Road City Centre. Is there anything else?
no thaank you that is all i need today|I'm glad we could be of service today. Enjoy your meal!
I am looking for a restaurant called yippee noodle bar.|it is located at 40428 King Street City Centre
Can I make a reservation for 5 people at 16:0 on tuesday?|Reference number is : N7EM67OS. Do you need anything else?
Thanks and yes please.  I also need a place to stay.|Which area would you prefer to stay in?
I would prefer to stay in the north.|Would you like a hotel or a guesthouse, and do you have a price preference?
A guesthouse would be nice, I am trying to stay in the affordable but not cheap range. Do you have anything that is 3 or 4 star?|Hamilton Lodge is a 3-star guesthouse in the North part of town. It is moderately-priced. Would you like to book a room?
Yes. I need to book it for 5 people for 2 nights starting on Tuesday.|Congratulations, I've booked your group a room, the reference number is NCE0R10K.
Great!  That is all I needed.|If you need any more help, call us again. Thank you and have a great day!
Hello I would like to find a restaurant in the west part of the city that costs a moderate amount.|Prezzo is a moderately priced italian restaurant in the west part of town. Would you like their phone number?
Yes and the address.|Their phone number is 01799 521260 and their address is 21 - 24 Northampton Road.
Hello, I am trying to locate a restaurant that serves northern European food, and I would prefer a more elegant setting.|I am sorry but there are no restaurants matching your requests. Would you like me to search for a different food type?
How about an expensive restaurant that serves British food?|There are six expensive British restaurants in Cambridge. Do you have a preferred section of town?
It's all new to me. Could you recommend one?|Absolutely, I recommend the Cambridge Chop House at 1 Kings Parade in the centre of town.  This is a highly recommended British experience by locals and tourists a-like.
Great. Could you also help me find a cinema in the south of town?|Sure thing, we have the cineworld cinema located at Cambridge leisure park, Clifton way.
Cineworld sounds perfect. What's their postal code?|The postal code is cb17dy. Can I get you anything else?
No, that'll be all. Thank you for all of your help today.|Have a good time!
I am looking for a multiple sports attraction that is in the centre of town.|There are no multiple sports attractions in the centre of town. There is one in the east however. The Cherry Hinton Village Centre.
No I want to stay in the centre.  Can you check if there are any concerthalls?|The man on the moon is in the centre part of town. It's address is 2 norfolk street. Would you like me to reserve a ticket?
Can you tell me the entrance fee and postcode for The Man on the Moon?|The postcode for The Man on the Moon is cb12lf. You will need to give them a call at 01223474144 to find out the entrance fee.
I am also looking for a cheap vietnamese restaurant.|There is a vietnamese restaurant called Thanh Binh on the west side of town. It is located at 17 Magdalene Street City Centre.
Ok, I'd like to book a table for 6 people at 17:15 on friday. Please give a reference number as well, thanks!|Your table will be reserved for 15 minutes at the time you requested.  Reference number IYKHKOC7.
I'd also like a taxi that can get me to the restaurant on time.  I need a contact number and the car type.|Alright, I have your Taxi booked. It will be a Blue Volvo, contact number: 07461170081. Can I help you with anything else today?
That is everything I needed. Thank you for the help.|Thank you for contacting Cambridge TownInfo center. Have a wonderful day.
We want to try a local restaurant that serves Asian or oriental food.|I have 5 restaurants that match so far.  Do you have a location preference of centre or north?
I would like a restairant in the centre please.|What price range would you like ?
I do not care. You tell me the best one and give me their number please.|I recommend Kymmoy. Their phone number is 01223311911. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I also need a train that is leaving on monday and should depart from leicester.|What time are you looking to leave by?
I want to travel into Cambridge and leave sometime after 16:45 please.|Train TR2078 leaves Leiester at 17:09 and arrives at 18:54 into Cambridge. Would that work for you?
Yes, could I get 3 tickets for that?|Booking was successful, the total fee is 113.4 GBP payable at the station .
Reference number is : WMWAXBFD.  What else can I help you with today?
Nothing, thank you. I appreciate all of your help. Goodbye.|Thank you for using Cambridge TownInfo. Goodbye.
I need a train to stansted airport. I'd like to arrive by at least 21:45|I can help you with that. What day would you like to travel on? Where will you be departing from?
I will be leaving Cambridge on Monday.|The TR4015 will get you in at 21:08. Will that work for you? Or would you like to get in a little sooner?
No thats fine and that will be all thank you|If there is nothing else I can do for you, have a great day and thank you.
Actually, could you just give me some information on sesame restaurant and bar?|Yes, sesame restaurant and bar serves chinese food and is in the expensive range.  They are located in the centre.  Do you have any other questions about them?
Just their address and phone number please.|The address is 17 Hills Road City Centre and the postcode is cb21nw.  Is there any other informaton I can help you with?
I need to find information on the Bloomsbury Restaurant.|The bloomsbury restaurant is located at Crown Plaza Hotel 20 Downing Street. Their number is 08719429180. Would you like me to book this for you?
Yes please! For 2 people on Sunday!|I have located your restaurant and booked a reservation for 2 people on Sunday!
May I please have a reference number?|What time would you like me to make your reservation?
Lets do a table for two people at 14:15 on Sunday|I'm sorry, that time is unavailable.  Is there another time or day you would like?
Try 13:15, please.|I have made your reservation for Sunday at 13:15. The reference number is XSFGYZXO. May I help you with anything else today?
No, that is all. Thank you.|You're welcome. Have a nice day.
Hello, I am new to town and would like some ideas on whee I should go in the centre.|There are 44 attractions you can view - is there a specific type of activity you're looking for?
No. Can you recommend a place I should go?|I can recommend the Vue Cinema at the grafton centre, east road. Would you like me to book tickets?
OK. What is the entrance fee?|I'm sorry, I don't have a listing of their entrance fee in my system.
Thanks, I'm also looking for an expensive danish restaurant in the centre of town.|I am sorry, I couldn't find such a restaurant. Would you like to change your preferences, perhaps a different type of cuisine?
I apologize, but can we go back to finding a place to go but I would like something preferably in the centre of town and how much it costs?|The Vue Cinema is in the centre, but the entry fee is not listed. Perhaps you'd prefer All Saint's Church, which is renowned for its Architecture, and offers free admittance?
No thank you. i'm looking for an indian restaurant|There are five Indian restaurants near the centre in the expensive price range. They are: curry garden, the golden curry, saffron brasserie, panahar, and curry king.
Let's go with curry garden. I need the postcode, address, and phone number to that please.|Curry Garden is located at 106 Regent Street City Centre.  The postcode is cb21dp.  The phone number is 01223302330.
I also need a taxi from Vue Cinema to Curry Garden.  I need to leave Curry Garden by 14:45|I've booked your taxi - a grey toyota, contact number 07445683800 - but we should probably shore up the plans again. Is it Vue to Curry Garden or vice versa?
Vue to Curry. Thank you.|I apologize for the confusion. Currently, the taxi is set to depart Vue Cinema at 14:45 to go to Curry Garden. Does this need to be changed?
No. That is what I need.  Thank you!|Great!  Thank you for confirming that.  Is there anything else I can do for you today?
This looks complete, thank you for your help!|You're welcome, have a great day.
I am looking for somewhere to dine during my trip to Cambridge.|There are plenty of restaurants in Cambridge, are you looking for anything in particular?
I'd like one that is cheap and in the city center.|Did you have a certain food type you wanted? I have chinese, asian, oriental, italian, spanish  and several other types.
I don't have a type preference.|would you be interested in dojo noodle bar?
Yes, that sounds interesting.  Can you also please find the hotel avalon.  Please let me know their address and whether they have free parking.|The Avalon address is 62 Gilbert Road and they do not have free parking.  Would you like me to book you a reservation at the restaurant?
I also need a taxi that will leave the hotel by 08:30.|What is your destination?
My destination is the dojo noodle bar.|look out for a yellow honda  and the contact will be 07009665644
Great!  That is all I needed.  Thanks.|You're welcome. Have a good day.
Hi, I'm looking for a steakhouse, please.|I'm sorry, there are 0 steakhouses in Cambridge. Perhaps another type of food?
What about asian oriental food?|There are 5. Dojo noodle bar looks to be a good match.
Yes, for four people, on Monday, at 15:00.|I am sorry I was not able to book that. Is there another restaurant or time you would be interested in?
How about 14:00 instead?|I was able to book that reservation for Monday at 14:00 for four people, reference number 7VB3NKTI. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
I am also looking for a hotel.  Can you find the Acorn Guest House?|Yes, that is located North. would you like to book a room?
No, I would just like a phone number.  What area is that in?|The Acorn House is in the north and the phone number is 01223353888.
Great! I'll also need a taxi that will get me to the restaurant in time for that reservation.|Certainly. Where will you be departing from?
I will be going from The Acorn House to the Dojo Noodle Bar.|I was able to get you that taxi. Be looking for a red Skoda. If you need to reach them, their phone number is 07143451074. Anything else I can do?
That's all. Thank you.|You're welcome. Have a great day.
Are there any boating activities available?|There are 4 boat attractions. What is your preferred area?
I don't care, what do you have?|Camboats is a great choice. It is located in the East area of town.  Would you like additional information for the company?
Yeah what's the address of Camboats? I also need an expensive place to eat.|Camboats address is The Plough, Green end, Fen Ditton.   Regarding restaurants I am showing an elegant Chinese restaurant, British Cuisine, and an upscale Gastropub near the Camboats location.
Do any of those serve molecular gastronomy food and in the centre of town?|I'm sorry, there aren't any serving that type of food. Would you like to try something different?
How about something that serves seafood?|Yes, loch fyne is in town centre and serves seafood. It is in the expensive price range. Would you like to reserve a table?
No thank you. Can I have the phone number, postcode and address though?|Sure thing! The phone number is 01223362433. The address of Loch Fyne is The Little Rose 37 Trumpington Street, and the postcode is cb21qy. Can I help with anything else?
Yes, I am going to need to get a taxi to leave the restaurant.|No problem.  We can get that booked for you.  Can you let me know where you will be going and what time you would like to leave or arrive?
Yes, I'd like to leave the restaurant by 09:30 to go to Camboats.|Your booking is completed. Your car will be a white bmw. Can I help you with anything else?
No, that's everything thank you very much.|Have a nice day!
You too! Bye!|Thank you, let us know if you need anymore help.
Can you help me find a train going to the stansted airport leaving after 18:45?|What day will you be traveling and from where?
I will be departing on Thursday from Cambridge.|The earliest train is TR9030. It will depart at 19:40 and arrive at the airport at 20:08. The price is 10.10 pounds. Would you like to book?
I'm not very good with numbers.  Can you tell me the travel time of that leg?|Travel time is 28 minutes. Would you like reservations?
No. Not interested in making a reservation but you can help me find a restaurant that serves Belgian food in the centre|I'm sorry, we don't have any Belgian restaurants. Would you like to try a different type?
How about African food?|We do have an african restaurant called Bedouin. It is located in the centre and is in the expensive price range. Would you like me to book a table?
Could you just give me the postcode and address?|The address is  100 Mill Road City Centre and the postcode is cb12bd. Can I help you with anything else today?
No, that'll be all!  Thank you!|Okay. Thank you for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Have a great day
I am  looking for a restaurant. The restaurant should be in the west and should be in the expensive price range|Yes, I have nine possibilities fitting those parameters. Is there a specific type of food you're looking for?
I don't care, I  want to book a table for 5 people at 13:00 on saturday.|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Reference number is : 3AYRGABE.
Thanks for your help.|Great! Have a nice day!
Thank you for your help|You're welcome! Bye now!
Hi, I'm looking for a restaurant that serves Carribbean food. Do you have any like that?|No, would you like to try a different type of food?
How about indian food?|There are a few restaurants that serve Indian food. What area would you like, and price range?
I'd like an expensive place.|I recommend Tandoori Palace in the west. Would you like me to book a table for you?
What is the postcode for that place?|The postcode is cb43le. You need anything else?
Yes i need a train going to stansted airport on friday.|When would you like to leave?
It should leave after 12:30 on friday.|Do you have a certain time you need to arrive by?
Does not matter when I arrive, whatever is closest to leaving at 12:30 but after, can you please book me for 7 and give me a reference number?|I have you booked on TR0188, leaving Cambridge at 12:40. The total fee is 70.7 GBP payable at the station. Reference number is BFK34XQC.
Thank you. That's all I need. Bye.|thanks for inquiring with us. have a great day
Could you tell me whether there are any moderately priced catalan restaurants?|I was unable to find any moderately priced Catalan restaurants. Is there another type of cuisine you would like to try?
Yes could we try one that serves British food?|I have more options of moderate british cuisine locales, any particular are you'd prefer?
No the area doesn't matter. I'd like to book a table for 7 on Sunday.|Okay. how bout trying The Oak Bistro?
Ok, book that place.|sure, how many people will be in your party?
We have seven people.|great, and what day and time?
It will on the same day for 3 nights.|3 nights... for the restaurant? You can only book a single day, did you want to book a hotel instead?
i'm sorry i didn't mean to confuse. i was thinking of something else. can i book the oak bistro on sunday for 7 people at 12:45?|I have your booking, the reference number is U8011RCM, any further questions?
Yes, I am also looking for a place to stay. I would like a 4-star hotel.|Okay, I have three 4 star hotels available. Two are located on the west side and 1 in the centre. Do you have a preference for the area?
I do not have a preference.|Ok! I suggest the University Arms Hotel. Would you like to book a room?
Does it have free parking and wifi? If so yes book it for 3 nights the same day please.|Yes, it has free wifi and parking. How many will I be booking for?
go ahead and book and give me the referrence number|I want to be sure I have the right information.  You want a booking for 7 people for 3 nights, right?  What day will you be arriving?
I will be arrving on sunday|Booking was successful the Reference number is : Q36UES95. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Thank you. I am also looking for a taxi to commute between the two places.|What time would you like to leave?
So I can arrive at my location by the booked time you made.|Your taxi has been booked!  Your car is a Black BMW and contact number is: 07460105806.
Hi. I'm interested in finding a good restaurant near the center of town. Do you have any listings that fall in the expensive price range?|We have many expensive restaurants located in the centre of town. Is there a type of cuisine that you would prefer specifically?
I do not care.|I would recommend wagamama, which serves japanese food. Would you like to reserve a table?
That would be great, can I also have the postcode and address for Wagamama?|The address is 36 Saint Andrews Street, postcode cb23ar. Would you like to reserve a table?
No, thank you, but I would like to know if there is a museum in town.  I need the postcode for the museum.|The Broughton House Gallery is located in the centre.  It's postcode is cb11ln.  Is there anything else I can help you with?
Nope. That's all today. Thank you.|My pleasure, enjoy your trip!
I am looking for a restaurant in the center with a cheap price range|I have found 15 restaurants in that area within the cheap price range. Do you want a certain type of food?
I would like the phone number of a cheap restaurant in the centre of town.|The two choices are chinese and asian oriental,which one would you like?
Please recommend a restaurant.  I really do not care about the food type.  Thank you.|I will book it for you,is there anything else I can do for you ?
I would need the phone number and food type.|Rice house is a chinese restaurant and their phone number is 01223367755. Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
Yes,  I also need help biking a train.|Alright, could you provide me with your departure and destination locations?
I'll be departing from Cambridge and should leave on Friday.|And where will you be going?
I am going to  london liverpool street.  I'd like to leave after 12:15.|TR4187 is the first departure after 12:15, leaving at 13:59. Would you like to book passage?
Please just tell me the ticket price and travel time|The travel time is 88 minutes, and tickets are 16.60 pounds
And what time will it arrive?|It will arrive at 15:27. Anything else for you today?
No, that's all. Thanks so much! Bye.|You're welcome. Have a great day!
You can help me by finding me a moderately priced place to stay in the East|There are 3 guesthouse in the east that are moderately priced. They are a and b guest house, carolina bed and breakfast, and warkworth house. WOuld you like to book one?
One that has free parking|Sure.  How about Carolina Bed and Breakfast?  It's located at 138 Peme Rd.  How many nights and how many people?  When will you need this?
I want to make a reservation for three people starting Monday. We will be staying for 2 nights.|Your Reference number is : 4K8MWGUW. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I need to find a restaurant that serves Indian food in the same area as the hotel|There are five restaurants that meet that criteria.  Would you prefer an expensive or moderately priced restaurant?
I prefer everything moderately priced.|Thanks for clarifying! I recommend Curry Prince located at 451 Newmarket Road Fen Ditton. Would you like a reservation?
Yes. The same number of people on the same day. Please book for 3 people at 18:00 on Monday.|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Reference number is : YO377QCJ. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
I will also need to find a taxi.|I can book a taxi for you, no problem, I will just need to know when and where you will need the ride?
I need a taxi to drive us from the Carolina Bed & Breakfast to Curry Prince restaurant to arrive by my booked time of 18:00.|I have booked you a taxi to arrive at your destination by 18:00. It will be a grey honda and the contact number is 07912899437. Anything else I can help with?
That is everything, thank you so much|Have a great trip.
I want to find a cheap restaurant serving italian food. What is the address and phone number?|I have quite a few restaurants that match your request.  Would you like to narrow it down by area?
No that doesn't matter|Ask is a cheap restaurant serving Italian food in the centre of town.  The address is 12 Bridge Street City Centre, and the phone number is 01223 364917.
what is the food type of that restaurant ?|They serve italian food.
Thank you.  I'll check it out.|Thank you, goodbye.
I am looking for a moderately priced restaurant in the Cambridge area. I really like European food.|The hotel du vin and bistro meets your needs. Would you like to book it?
Can you first tell me where it is located? It needs to be in the Centre part of Cambridge.|Yes. It is located at 15 - 19 Trumpington Street.
What is the postcode?|The postcode is cb21qa. Anything else I can do for you?
What is the type of hotel?|The hotel is European, located in the centre, and is moderate in priced. Is there anything else I can do for you?
How many stars does the hotel have? I am looking for a zero star hotel.|It does not have a star rating.
Can you please book the restaurant?|I would be happy to get a table reserved for you. What day and time would you like?  Also, will there be anyone else joining you?
I will be there on Sunday.  It's just me.|What time on Sunday shall I book a table?
I don't know where my head was, I don't need a reservation.  Thanks.  I do need a 0 star hotel in the centre though.|I would recommend Cityroomz as it fits your criteria.  It has 0 stars and is in the centre of town.
What's the hotel type and postcode?|Cityroomz is just a hotel and its postcode is cb12tz.
Fantastic, that's all I needed, thank you.|You are welcome and have a great day.  Bye.
Are there any good restaurants to go to near the college?|Sure, I can help you with that.  Is there a particular type of food you were interested in?
No. Actually, just find me an attraction in the category of college.|Is there a certain area you would like?
I would like the something in the centre.|Emmanuel college is located at Saint Andrew's street and has free entrance. Would you like their phone number?
Yes can you please send me that.|their phone number is 01223334200.
Great. I would also like to find a polynesian restaurant in the centre area.|I'm sorry, but there are no Polynesian restaurants in our system.Would you like to try a different cuisine?
Is there any restaurant with European food instead?|yes there is one in the east i will recommend it to you.
I need a train to Cambridge on Thursday please|What departure location will you be using?
leicester please and can you bookn that for me ?|I would be happy to book that for you!  What time would you like to depart?
I need it arrive by 13:30 and needs to depart from leicester.|If you'd like something very early, the TR6125 departs Leicester 05:09 and arrives Cambridge 06:54. Would you like a seat on this train or shall we look for something later?
That is good. I would like the price also please.|The price per ticket for that route is 37.80 pounds. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Yeah, I'm looking for an Italian restaurant in the centre of town.|There are 9 great places to choose from. Would you like to stay in a certain price range?
Yes I need the cheap price range|I recommend zizzi cambridge on Regent Street.  Would you like me to make reservations?
Yes, I would like a reservation for  6 people at 17:00 on the same day as the train.|Alright I booked you a table at zizzi cambridge! Heres your reference number TSOG5SDI. Anything else I can do for you?
that is all for today thanks|Thank you for contacting us and have a nice day.
Hi, are there any fusion restaurants on the westside?|I'm sorry there no fusion restaurants in the west would you like to try another area?
Let's try for Vietnamese food instead in that same area.|The thanh binh is the only restaurant with that cusine in the south. Would you like a reservation?
Yes that is fine please make reservations for 3 people at 18:15 on wednesday.|i'm sorry that information was incorrect. thanh binh is located in the west. do you still want to book?
Yes for 3 people at 18:15 on a Wednesday.|Great, Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Reference number is : G29KXRKT. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Thank you. Can you tell me a little about Castle Galleries?|They are located at unit su43, grande arcade, saint andrews street, and their postcode is cb23bj
What kind of attraction is it?|They are a museum and the entrance fee is free. Do you need help with something else?
Yes please. Get me their phone number|Certainly! Their phone number is 01223307402.
Thank you for the information.|That will be all, thanks!
I'm looking for a place to eat, maybe Austrian food.|We have no austrian restuarants. Sorry. Is there another type of restaurant I could look up for you?
Hmm I guess I could try british food instead|There are 11 british restaurants in the centre of town. Do you have a price range?
Moderate price range would be great.|There are 5 British restaurants  in the moderate price range, do you have a specific area you would prefer?
No, the area does not matter. I need a table for 5 people at 12:15 on Friday. If that time doesn't work then 11:15. I also need the reference number.|I would recommend the oak bistro located in the Centre. Will this work for you?
Do they have a table available on Friday at 12:15?|Your table is booked, ref# U0ZZRFL7. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, that's it. Thanks for all your help today. Goodbye.|You're so welcome. Good day.
I need a hotel in Cambridge that is rated 4 stars be located in the south area.|There are two guesthouses that fit your needs. Is there a certain price range you would like?
I don't care about price range.|How about rosa's bed and breakfast? It has internet and parking.
Okay so it has free parking. What is the price range? Also could i receive the phone number?|Rosa's is a cheap place to stay and the phone number is 01223512596!
Thank you! Could you help me find an indian food restaurant in the same area as the hotel?|There is one Indian restaurant in that area - Taj Tandoori. It is expensive. Would you like me to book a table for you?
Yes. What information do you need from me?|What day and time would you like?
Monday at 7:00 p.m.|May I please get a phone number for the reservation?
Before that, can I please have the address, phone number and postcode for the restaurant?|Sure, the phone number is 01223412299. The address is 64 Cherry Hinton road, Cherry Hinton, and the postcode is cb17aa.
I need a taxi to get there and will leave the restaurant by 16:15. Can you get me the contact number and car type?|Yes I have white Lexus picking you up at 16:15. The contact number for the taxi is 07932069775. Anything else?
Sounds great! That is all I need. Thanks.|Happy to be of service. Have a wonderful day!
I am looking for an expensive restaurant that serves Thai food.|I have to options for Thai food in the expensive price range, Bangkok City and Sala Thong.
Is there anything else?|Those are the only results for expensive Thai food.
May I have the address and postcode for Sala Thong, then?|The address of Sala Thong is 35 Newnham Road Newnham and the postcode is C.B 3, 9 E.Y.
Thank you goodbye.|Thank you for using our system. Good bye
Find me an italian place in the north|I have da vinci pizzeria. It is in the cheap price range. Would you like a booking?
Yes. Can you book a table for 3 at 16:00 hours on saturday?|Done. Your reference number is 7LJ1OE8L.
Thank you for your help.|Is there anything else you need today?
im also looking for a train that arrives by 08:15 and leaves on tuesday|Certainly, where would you like to depart from, and what is your destination?
I will depart from Cambridge and arrive in Leicester.|TR2950 arrives at 08:06. Do you need a ticket?
Sure, can you book this for 3 people.  I'll need a reference number please.|Okay, I have booked 3 tickets for TR2950. The reference number is RCS04ITK and the total fee will be 113.4 GBP.
Perfect thats all I needed thanks|You're welcome. Let us know if there is anything else you need.
I am all set, thanks.|You're very welcome! Bye!
I need to find a restaurant that is moderately prices and serves modern european food.|I recommend the restaurant alimentum at 152 - 154 Hills Road.
I want to book a table for 2 people at 19:00 on sunday.|Have you made the reservation?
No I would like you to make the reservation for me please.|I couldn't find an available table for you. Would you like to find another restaurant?
I guess that would be fine, I really want modern european food. Could you make sure it is in the same area and price range.|Unfortunatly, I can not find anything available given your parameters.
I need a place to dine, does not matter what type, in the moderate price range.|I was able to book yippee noodle bar, reference number is UCWKFIS4.
Thank you for your time. I appreciate it.|Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No that will be it. Thank you.|Okay. Enjoy your dinner.
I would like a restaurant in the south in the expensive range.|Okay! What type of cuisine do you want? Chinese, Indian, Italian, and Mexican cuisines are available.
I would like a Chinese restaurant.|Your options are the Good Luck Chinese Food Takeaway, or Peking Restaurant.
Let's try the Peking Restaurant, can you make a reservation for us on Monday?  Around 13:45 please.|Yes certainly but how many people will be dining please?
It will be 6 people dining.|Okay, I've got that taken care of.  Your reference number is ECBRMJS2.  Can I help you with anything else?
Yes. I'm looking for something to do while I'm in town.|There are museums, architecture, colleges, theater, cinema, boat tour. Doers anything interest you in particular.
in the same area as the restaurant? I am interested in architecture please|There is no architecture in the south of town
Perhaps you could locate a park in the south?|There is the Wandlebury Country park. Phone 01223243830. Would you like anything else?
Could you call and find out what hours they open and close? Also, if they have tours?|It appears that they do not have tours. It is a free admission, so you can feel free to go when you please. Can I help with anything else?
No that is all I need for today.|okay sounds good.
Could you tell me if Cambridge has any expensive Austrian restaurants?|I'm afraid not. Could you like to try any other food type or price range?
Are you sure there's no expensive Austrian food in the north? It's what I'm really set on.|I'm sorry but I'm not able to find anything that matches those specifications.  Would you like to try another type of food?
Could you look for something Chinese with the same criteria?|I would suggest hakka
That sounds good - can you book a table for 8 at 12:00 on Thursday, please?|I have a table for 8 people on Thursday at 12:00, your reference number in PBGQ796L.  Can I help with anything else?
I am also looking for a boat in the North of town.|There is one option. It is riverboat georgina. Can I help you further today?
Please tell me the postcode|Sure thing. The postcode is cb43ax. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
That is all. Thank you for your help.|You are most welcome. Enjoy your day!
Hi, I would like some suggestions for entertainment venues to visit in the south part of town.|There are many in the south can I ask what type you are looking for?
There is no specific type of venue. But I would like the phone number, address, and postcode.|Okay. There is a Nusha and Tenpin venue. Which do you prefer?
I think I would like to try Nusha.|Great choice. It's located at unit g6, cambridge leisure park, clifton road and their phone number is 01223902158. Would you like help with anything else today?
Yes, how about a place to eat?  Indonesian food would be perfect and in the same area as Nusha please.|Unfortunately I can't find any Indonesian restaurants in the area. What about another type of food?
Chinese food would work.|The peking restaurant is a nice place.  Do you need reservations?
Yes please. I need it to be for 8 people at 12:30 on Friday.|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : TJBM7LPH.is there anything else
Thank you! That's all I needed.|Okay, have a great day!
Hello, I am in the centre of town, what types of attractions are available here?|There are a lot of different attractions in the centre area from museums to architecture to theatre.  Is there a specific type of attraction you are interested in?
Can I please have the information for the museums?|I have 11 museums in the centre. Would you like all their addresses?
Only the address of the one you recommend please. I will also need the entrance fee.|I recommend Broughton House Gallery.  The address is 98 king street and the entrance is free.  Can I help you with anything else?
Can you give me the phone number?|Absolutely, it is 01223314960. Is there anything else you need?
Is there an expensive restaurant in the same area?|Sure, there's a joint that serves british food, it's called the cambridge chop house, does that interest you?
and it's expensive?|yes it is in the expensive price range
I'm looking for a train leaving on Friday that arrives by 1:45 PM. Can you help me?|What city will you be leaving from?
I will be departing from Cambridge to ely.|There are four trains that can get you to Ely by 13:45, do you have a particular departure time preference?
I don't have a departure time preference. Can you let me know how much the price is for the earliest departure out of those four trains?|TR1709 leaves at 5:50 and is 4.40 pounds, there are later trains also at the same price. Would you like to book a seat?
No thanks.  But can you find a restaurant that serves lebanese food in the centre?|You're in luck! There is one Lebanese restaurant in all of Cambridge, and it's in the center. Ali Bana, located at 59 Hills Road City Centre.
How is the pricing there?|Ali Baba is moderately priced. Do you need a reservation?
No, just the address and postcode please.|the address is 59 hills road city centre. the postcode is cb21nt.
Thanks so much! That will be all for today!|Thank you have a great day!
I want to find a cheap restaurant in the north part of town.|Da vinci pizzeria serves italian food, is in the north part of town and is in the cheap price range.
Is there anything else ? I also want its phone number.|Royal Spice is an Indian restaurant, it is in the cheap price range, and it is on the north side of town. The phone number is 01223 351707.
Okay, thank you for that.|thank you and good bye
Can you help me find a restaurant by the name of Bangkok City?|Certainly, bangkok city is a thai restaurant in the centre area in the expensive price range. Would you like their address?
No thank you. I would like to book a reservation for Wednesday at 5:45 pm.|and how many people will the reservation be for?
There are 6 of us.|Unfortunately, the restaurant is booked. Would you like to try another restaurant?
Yes. Something in the same area and same pricerange, please.|I can book reservations for a thai in the centre area that meets your needs
Yes please that would be great. We love thai.|I am so sorry, but I was not able to book this.  Would you like to try a different restaurant?
Yes please try to book a different Thai restaurant.|Great news. I was able to book the Sala Thong and your reference number is VMHJ6Y3I.
Thanks so much. That is awesome! Have a good day!|You're very welcome. Goodbye.
What is a cheap restaurant in the south part of town?|There are two restaurants in the south of town in the cheap price range. Would you prefer Portuguese of Chinese?
Is there anything else? If not, Chinese.|The lucky star is a chinese restaurant in the south part of town and in the cheap price range.  Would you like their location?
Yes, can you give me the address?|The address of the lucky star is, Cambridge Leisure Park Clifton Way Cherry Hinton. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, Thank you.|Excellent, have a wonderful evening.
Can you help me find a restaurant located in the south area?|is there any type of food you would like ?
I would like Chinese food, please.|I have two with an expensive price range and one in the cheap range. Would any of those work for you?
book the expensive one a table for 4 people at 13:00 on monday|Both "The Good Luck Chinese Food Takeaway" and "Peking Restaurant" are in the expensive range in the south. Which would you like me to try first?
It doesn't matter. Just book one for 4 people at 13:00 on Monday. I need the reference number.|I was able to get a table for 4 at the good luck Chinese food takeaway on Monday at 13:00. Your confirmation number is 06YU8WNX.
Great! I also need a place to stay in the same area as that restaurant, and I need free parking.|Your best bet in the south is the Aylesbray Lodge Guest House. It's a moderately priced 4-star guesthouse.
I need it to include free wifi.|It does include internet along with free parking, shall I book you?
I just need the address please.|Sure the address is 5 mowbray road.
Can you help me book a taxi to get between the two?|Which one will be leaving from?
from the hotel to the restaurant, then back.|Alright I got your taxi and it will be a white Volkswagen and your contact number is 07658312417. Will that be all for today?
No that is all. Thank you!|You're welcome, have a great day!
Hello! I am looking for the address and phone number of a Lebanese restaurant in the Centre.|Ali Baba is a Lebanese restaurant in the Centre area. Its address is 59 Hills Road City. Phone number is 01462 432565
Thank you, goodbye.|Thank you.
Can you find me an expensive place to stay that is located in the east?|The only hotel that matches your criteria is "express by holiday inn cambridge." Do you need help with booking?
Does that hotel have a 4-star rating?|It has 2 stars. Would you like to book?
I really would like a 4 star hotel. Is there one in the moderate price range, then?|We have 3 that satisfy that criteria. A and B guest house, Carolina Bed and Breakfast, and Warkworth House all fit. Do you have a preference?
Carolina Bed and Breakfast sounds nice. Could I have it booked for 6 people for 4 nights starting on monday?|I have confirmed your booking at carolina bed and breakfast starting Monday for 4 nights. Your reference number is RTNZCSBJ. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I would like to find somewhere with expensive Kosher food.|I'm not seeing any expensive Kosher restaurants, would you like to try a different price range perhaps?
Sure. I also need the restaurant to be in the center.|Sorry it looks like there are no kosher restaurants in any price range in town at all. Would you like another food type?
Sure, let's try Italian instead.|There are 4 expensive Italian restaurants in the center of town. I suggest Caffe Uno at 32 Bridge Street City Centre. Would you like to make a reservation?
Caffe Uno sounds great. Can I get their phone number, please?|Their phone number is 01223448620. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, you've been very helpful. Thank you!  Good bye.|Thank you, goodbye.
I'm looking for an expensive mediterranean restaurant.|I show two that are located in the centre. We have the La Mimosa or the Shiraz Restaurant. May I book a table for you?
Could you check either to see if I could make a reservation for 8 people at 15:00 on Monday?|Yes. I have successfully books you at the shiraz resturant, address 84 Regent Street City Centre. Your reference number is 9OE645NY. You should arrive within 15 minutes of your time.
Thank you very much.|Thank you very much
I am looking for an expensive French restaurant in town.|There are two expensive french restaurants, Cote in the center and Restaurant Two Two in the north. Do you want further information on either of these?
Are there any other expensive french restaurants?|Those are the only two expensive french restaurants I have listed. Would you like to expand your price range or type of cuisine?
Is there anything else?|Restaurant Two Two is a French restaurant and it is in the expensive price range. Would you like the address and phone number?
Actually, could I have the phone number of Cote?|Sure, the phone number is 01223 311053.
Okay, I think that does it. Thanks for that.|Thank you goodbye
I'm looking for a medium priced Chinese restaurant.|Alright we have a few of those. Any preference on the area?
I would like it to be in the North please.|The Golden Wok is in the North and moderately priced.  Would you like to book a table?
That sounds perfect. Can you please book a table for 7 at 12:30 on Monday? I'll need a reference number as well.|I have booked it and here your information,Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Reference number is : A776MGRF.
Thanks. Now please book me a train departing from London Kings Cross on Monday|Where would you like to go to?
I would like to go to Cambridge.  Is there any way I can get a train that will arrive by 09:00?|Sure I have train TR9276 arriving at 08:08 is that okay for you?
Yeah, that would be great.|Would you like me to book this for you?  I will need to know how many total people will be traveling.
Yes I need 7 tickets please.|You are booked, the reference number is C33Q5D2G, the total fee is 196.2, any further questions today?
That's it. Thanks very much for your help today.|Thank you for choosing to work with us. I hope your experience has been pleasurable. Have a good evening.
Hi, I'm planning a trip to North Cambridge and I am looking for a moderately priced restaurant for dinner. Can you help?|There are two moderately priced restaurants in north cambridge. The golden wok serves chinese food and the nirala serves indian food. Would you like a table at one of those?
I think I'll try the Golden Wok.  Can you get a reservation for 2 people 11:30 this Thursday?|I'm sorry, but they have no tables available at that time. Would you like to try a different day or time?
how about 10:30 then?|I have you booked for Thursday at 10:30. Your reference number is Y4VBKJFT. Keep in mind the table is reserved for 15 minutes. May I help you with anything else?
Is there a train that arrives by 15:15 from Cambridge?|There are 714 trains. Where are you travelling to?
I am going to bishops stortford, leaving on Friday.|Train TR8585 leaves at 13:29 and arrives at 14:07. Would you like to book this train?
Yes, for 2 people. Can I have the reference number?|Ok, I have booked the train for you. The reference number is 4NSCBU57. What else can I help you with?
No thank you.|You are welcome. Have a lovely day.
I want an expensive restaurant in the east part of town. I would also like its phone number.|Hi! Royal Standard is an excellent expensive gastropub in the east area. Their number is 01223247877, anything else?
I appreciate your help. Good bye.|Have a great evening!  Goodbye!
I would like a cheap restaurant that serves mediterranean food|The Gardenia is a cheap restaurant that serves Mediterranean food. Is the centre part of town okay for you?
Yes, thank you. Could you tell me the address and phone number of that restaurant?|Certainly, The Gardenia is located at 2 Rose Crescent City Centre and can be reached at 01223 356354. May I be of further assistance?
The Gardenia sounds good.  Thanks.|Good bye.
Hello, I am looking for a local restaurant that serves indian food and is located in the centre of town.|We have nine Indian restaurants in the centre. If you have a price range preference, we have both cheap and expensive options.
I would like it to be an expensive place to eat.|I recommend curry king. their phone number is 01223324351.
I would actually like to book a table for tuesday.|How many people and what time would you like me to make your reservation?
I have a party of 8 and need it for 14:45. Can you help me with that?|Sure for what day?
on tuesday. book and give me the reference number|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : KGMVNKJM.
I would also like to find some where  fun to go in the centre of town.|Hm, there are quite a number of places to visit in the town centre. Could you give me an idea of what you're looking for? A museum or church? Or something different?
I was looking for something for a type of multiple sports.|I dont have that in the centre. Would you like to try something else ?
How about a swimming pool?|There is parkside pools. Their address is gonville place.
Okay, what are the hours they're open?|I do not have that information.
Okay, that's all I need. Good bye.|Have a good time! Good bye.
Hi, could you help me find out more information about  Panahar restaurant in your area?|Absolutely! Panahar is an Indian restaurant in the expensive price range located in the centre of town.  Would you like me to make a reservation for you today?
Yes, I'd like a booking for Wednesday at 16:00 for 2 people.|9725NVQD is your reference number, is there any thing else that I can do for you?
No, that's it for me today. Thanks for your help.|That was quick, are you sure you do not need any other assistance?
I need a place to stay. I would like a hotel with free wifi.|I found 3 hotels in the Centre with free Wifi. Price range from moderate to expensive and from 0 to 4 stars. Do you have a preference?
i would like something expensive|It seems there are two options that meet your criteria. The Gonville hotel has 3 stars and the University Arms hotel has 4.
The Gonville is fine, I need it's postcode and phone number, thanks!|Their postcode is cb11ly and phone number is 01223366611.  Is there anything else you need to know?
Nothing else about the hotel, but I will need a taxi from the hotel to the restaurant. Could you arrange this?|I sure can.  At what time would you like to leave Gonville Hotel?
I'd just like to make sure I make it to the restaurant in time for my reservation, please.|I need a travel time please.
I need to get from the Gonville hotel to the Panahar restaurant by my reservation at 16:00.|I've booked your taxi. It will be a black volkswagen, contact number	:	07720277206. Can I help with anything else?
All set.  Thank you.|thanks for using our services. have a good day
I'm currently planning a visit to Cambridge and looking for a cheap place to stay.  I don't need internet or any frills.  Any good suggestions?|I have none listed like that,a different price range maybe?
So, you are saying there are no cheap hotels in all of Cambridge?  Can you maybe look one more time?  Thanks!|sorry about that! why yes, there are 10 options for inexpensive hotels.
I would like to have a 4 star rating with free parking.|I would suggest autumn house
Sounds good. 1 person, 4 nights and leaving from Wednesday.|Booking was successful.Reference number is : AENEDXFY
I also need a restaurant, preferably one that serves portuguese food and is the same price point as my hotel.|There are two options here. Would you prefer the south or the centre?
I don't mind. Surprise me!|Nandos is located both in the south and in the centre. Would you like me to make a reservation for you?
Yes, that would be fantastic. Thank you very much.|How many people for the restaurant?
There will be just me.|What date and time for your reservation?
The reservation should be at 13:00|I am unable to book it right now.
Can you try the other restaurant?|Would you like me to make you a reservation at nandos city centre?
Sure. Just give me the reference number once you do it|I am in the process of completing your reservation and nandos city centre. What day will you be dining?
Make the reservation for wednesday and then give me the reference number|You are set, ref number is CPD3XEJI is there anything else I can help you with?
No I think I bugged you enough! You have been great and fast too!|Thank you for using our service, and enjoy your time in Cambridge!
I am looking for Italian restaurants in Cambridge in the cheap price range.|We have a few in the north, west, and centre. Do you have a preferred location?
I'm looking for something in the north, please!|Da vinci pizzeria is the only cheap Italian restaurant in the north, located at 20 Milton Road Chesterton. Would you like to reserve a table?
No thanks, I just need the phone number, address, and postcode.|The address is 20 Milton Road Chesterton. The postcode is cb41jy and the phone number is 01223351707. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, please. I also need a train on Monday, arriving at 17:45.|I'll be happy to help with that. Where would you like to depart from and where would you like to go?
I would like to go to Norwich.|Sure thing where will you be departing from?
I will be leaving cambridge heading to norwich|Train TR9460 leaves Cambridge at 15:36 and would get you to Norwich by 16:55.  Would you like me to book for you?
No thanks. Maths isn't my biggest strength so please tell me what the total travel time is.|The total travel time is 79 minutes. Can I do anything else for you today?
I think that is all the info on the train that I needed.|If there is anything else you might need please feel free to call back.  Enjoy your day!
I'm so hungry! Can you find me a really great modern european restaurant? Money is no object!|Darrys cookhouse and wine shop looks good, would you like to book there?
I am a little tight on money, do you know the price range?|It is the expensive price range.
That's fine.  I'd like to know if it's in the centre of town.  If so, I need a table for Sunday.|Yes, it's in the centre of town.  What time would you like to book the table for on Sunday?
Can you book a table for 1 at 11:00 on sunday?|I have made those reservations your reference is XZOJ853X.
Thank you so much! I'm also looking for parks to see. Can you help me with this?|Yes I have several. Where would you like it to be?
I am not particular but could I have an address for a popular one?|Sure thing, the address is fen causeway
You have been a great help. Thank you so much. Goodbye.|Have a great day!
Hi, I'd like to book a train that leaves after 21:30 on Friday.|Sure, where are you departing from and going to?
I'll be leaving Cambridge and traveling to Birmingham New Street.|TR8202 is leaving cambridge at 22:01 would that work for you?
Yes could you provide me with the travel time and arrival time as well please?|The travel time for the TR8202 is 163 minutes. The arrival time is 24:44. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I'm also looking for a place to dine. The restaurant should serve gastropub food.|There are 4 restaurants that serve gastropub cuisine. Do you have a location and/or price preference?
Yes can we try the south?|I am sorry there are none in the South. There are 3 in the centre and 1 in the east. Will one of those area work for you?
How about centre?|Yes, there are 3! Price ranges are moderate and expensive. Does one of those suit you?
Moderate price range please.|Perfect, there's a place called The cow pizza kitchen and bar, would you like me to book it?
Please, for 7 people at 13:00 on the same day.|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Reference number is : BGGCS2UB
Thank you so much. That's all I need today. Have a great day! Bye.|You're very welcome! Enjoy your trip!
Hello, I'm seeking a cheap restaurant.|Okay, I can help you with that. Are you interested in a particular type of food? Or perhaps a certain part of town?
I would like mediterranean food.|The gardenia serves mediterranean and is in the cheap price range. Would you like to book a table?
Great can I get the postcode and address?|Their postcode is cb23ll, and they are located at 2 Rose Crescent City Centre
Thank you, that's all I need today.|Thank you, goodbye.
I need a train for Thursday please. Get me one that arrives by 13:45|sure, what is your destination?
I'll be heading to Cambridge.  Leaving from Stevenage.  Can you tell me about this?|Sure! TR1661 will leave at 11:54 and arrive by 12:43. Do you require more information or do you want book now?
Could you tell me the price for a ticket, and the typical travel time?|The train ride is 49 minutes and it will cost 12.80 pounds.
Thank you! Also, can you recommend a moderately-priced vegetarian restaurant, please?|I'm sorry. I'm not finding any vegetarian restaurants at all. Would you like to choose a different type of food?
Ok, try the asian oriental food then.|Ok the only one is Yippee Noodle Bar. Would you like for me to book a table?
Sure!  I'll need a booking for 5 at 18:45 on Thursday.|Okay. Your booking was successful. The reference number is MZZNA6KZ. Your table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Thank you for your help.|Any time. I was happy to help.
You are doing a great job! That's all I needed.|Thank you for using our system today!
Can you help me find a moderately priced restaurant in the center of town?|Sure, I can help with that. Is there a certain cuisine you are looking for?
No preference really. whatever you recommend|How about asian oriental that is in the moderate price range located in the centre of town?
cool I would need the address, postcode, and phone number.|Okay, the yippee noodle bar is at 40428 King Street City Centre postal code cb11lh and it's number is 01223518111. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Okay, great. I'm also looking for an attraction in the same area. I'd like it to be multiple sports.|How about the cherry hinton village centre?
That sounds perfect! Do you know the entrance fee?|There is no information on the entrance fee since there are a variety of facilities. Anything else I can help with?
I need to book a taxi to commute between the 2 places. I want to leave the restaurant by 14:30.|Where will you be headed?
I'll be headed to the Cherry Hinton, of course.|Great. You should expect a blue volkswagen . You can contact them on 07261965496
Thank you! That's all I need for now.|Great, I hope you have a great visit!
THanks so much you have been a huge help.|Have a nice day. Good bye.
Is there an expensive French restaurant in town?|I show two french restaurants. Cote and Restaurant two two.
Which is closest to me?|What area is closer to you, North or Centre?
What is the food type they serve ?|They serve french food .
I don't know.|Cote is located at Bridge Street City Centre, and Restaurant Two Two is at 22 Chesterton Road Chesterton. How else may I assist you?
Thank You|Thank you. Good bye.
I'm looking for a swimmingpool attraction in the centre.|There is one, Parkside Pools, located at Gonvill Place. The phone number is 01223446100 and the postcode is cb11ly.
What is the entrance fee?|My apologies. I do not show the entrance fee in my database, but if you call them, I'm sure they can give you that information.
Okay.  I need some information on an Italian Restaurant in the expensive range.  Can you help me?|There are about 5 different restaurants that have great italian food. Did you have a preference on the area of town?
Yes I need the restaurant to be in the centre.|I think Clowns Cafe would be perfect for you. Would you like me to book a reservation?
Before you do that, is it expensive and in the same area as the swimming pool you recommended?|yes, it is expensive and in the centre.
Do they have a table available for 3 people at 11:00 on Monday?|yes, shall i go ahead and reserve a table for you?
No thank you that will be all|Thank you, let me know if I can assist with anything else.
I would like a restaurant in the south part of town that serves italian food|There are two italian restaurants in the south part of town. Would you prefer a moderate or expensive option?
Moderate is fine, can you give me the address and postcode?|Pizza hut cherry hinton is located at G4 Cambridge Leisure Park Clifton Way Cherry Hinton, postcode C.B 1, 7 D.Y.
Thank you. Good bye.|Thank you, goodbye!
I'm coming to town from Ely and want to book a train.|There are plenty of options, what date and time will you need this service?
I need arrive at cambridge by 10:45.|There are 21 possible trains with the  TR2704 arriving closest to your desired time at 09:52.  Would you like to book a seat?
Yes, please book a seat.|Ok, it'll be 4.40 pounds per ticket. How many tickets do you want?
I need to make a booking for 8 people.|Here is the information-Booking was successful, the total fee is 35.2 GBP payable at the station .
Reference number is : LWIXNE3T.
I also need a restaurant.|Well do you have a preference for food type, price range or location?
A cheap one in the south part of town.|There is a chinese place and a portuguese place.  Do you have a preference between the two?
The Chinese restaurant will be find. I'd like to book a table for 8 people at 16:30 on Friday.|Booking at The Lucky Star Chinese Restaurant has been confirmed your table will be reserved for 15 minutes, Reference number 3NXT0DHF. May I assist you with anything else?
No, that will be all. Thank you.|Thanks for using our service today!
Is there a thai restaurant in the centre of town?|Yes, there is one Thai restaurant in that area. Would you like more details on this restaurant?
What is the address?|the address is 24 green street city centre
What is the phone number and price range?|Bangkok City is expensive. Their phone number is 01223 354382. Is there anything else I can help you find?
No, that's all the information I needed. Thank you. Good bye.|Thank you, goodbye!
Hi, I am looking for information on place to go.|What area of town are you interested in going to?
I would like to go to the centre of town|I would recommend All Saints Church. They are located on Jesus Lane.
I would like to go to a college. Do you have any colleges in the centre?|There are 13 colleges in the area ranging from free to several pounds admission.  I'd suggest christ's college and it's free!
That sounds great, what's the postcode please?|The postal code is cb23bu.
I am also trying to find an expensive restaurant that serves indian food.|We have 14 restaurants matching your query. Do you have an area preference?
No can you just recommend your favorite to me please|I would suggest the curry garden.
That sounds great! Please book it for Thurdsday, at 14:45, and for 3 people.|Unfortunately, I am unable to book at this time.
Okay. Well, how about 13:45? Is that time available?|Your table is booked for 13:45, Ref#5VXVB79S. Is there anything else I can do for you today?
Great, I also need a taxi to go between the two!|A black ford will be picking you up before 13:45 the contact number is 07421810927 is there anything else I can help you with?
No that's everything I needed. Have a great night.|Glad to be of help. Have a great day.
Before you go--I'm a bit confused. Is the taxi picking me up at the college? At what time? I need to make my reservation at 13:45.|Yes, it's picking you up there and taking you to the restaurant in time for your reservation.
Okay, thanks. I'm all set. Goodbye!|You are welcome. Have a great day.
Hello! I'm looking for a restaurant that serves modern global food in the centre.|I'm sorry, but there are no Modern Global restaurants anywhere in Cambridge.
Hmm, okay, I guess I could settle for Italian. Are there any of those in the centre of town?|We have nine Italian restaurants in the center. Does price range matter?
Moderate price range is fine. I will need a reservation for 5 people at 14:15 on Tuesday.|I recommend pizza express. You're booked for 14:15, and the table will be held for 15 minutes. The reference number is MBGJNXHM. Do you need anything else?
No, you were very helpful, thanks for everything.|You are very welcome.  Enjoy your dinner party!
I actually could use some help finding a place to stay also.|OK, do you have any specifics in mind, such as area or price range?
I like nice places, so definitely something expensive. I do want it to have free wifi though.|There are about 5 options. All are hotels and expensive. They are located all over. Do you have a certain area in mind?
I know this sounds crazy, but I'm looking for an expensive  hotel with a 0 star rating. The area doesn't matter so much.|Unfortunately, I don't have anything matching your criteria. Can I adjust the star rating or price range?
How about a 4 star rating. I need it booked for 5 people, 4 nights starting from Tuesday and I will need the reference number.|No problem! I booked you the University Arms Hotel located in the Centre, reference number 9DOCJURL. May I help with something else?
Thanks so much! Can you please book me a taxi between the two places, arriving at the restaurant by the time of the reservation?|Your taxi is booked. Be expecting a red Skoda. Please call 07595199284 should you need them.
that will be it for now. good day|I'm glad I could assist you today. Good-bye.
I am looking for a restaurant named Prezzo in Cambridge.|The address to Prezzo is 21 - 24 Northampton Road and the phone number is 01799521260. Would you like me to make you a reservation?
Yes, for one on Thursday, 16:15|Great!  I have you booked - reference number 0Z1CRCLO.  Please note - table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Great I also need a train for the same day as the restaurant heading to cambridge.|Sure, where are you departing from and what time would you like to leave?
I am looking to depart bishops stortford and need to arrive by 08:00|I have five trains that arrive then, shall I book the train for you and if so for how many tickets?
Could you tell me the ticket prices for the train?|Sure.  There is actually only one train available and it costs 10.10 pounds.  Do you need a reservation?
Yes, could I please have the train ID and the estimated travel time?|The trainID is TR6270 and the travel duration is 38 minutes.
Ok can you book that for me, thanks!|Booking was successful, the total fee is 10.1 GBP and is payable at the station. The reference number is D3VKUHBI. Thank you.
That is great.  I think you have provided all the help I need today.  Thank you.|You are welcome.  If you ever need any other assistance, please contact us.
I will definitely keep that in mind!|Great. Have a nice day!
Howdy, it would help me a great deal if you could please get me some information about the alexander bed and breakfast|it is a cheap guest house located in the centre.  you want their phone number?
I would like the address please.|They are located at 56 Saint Barnabas Road. Do you need help with anything else today?
Could you provide me with the star rating of the Alexander bed and breakfast?|They are 4 stars. Does that work for you?
Yes, that is perfect! Can you also find a restaurant in the centre? I'm looking for Mediterranean, but not too expensive.|The Gardenia is your best bet. It's cheap, but fantastic. Would you like to book a table?
I need the phone number, address, and postcode|The phone number is 01223356354.
I need the address and postcode.  I need a taxi to pick me up at the hotel by 19:00.  I need the contact number and car type please.|The gardenia is located at 2 Rose Crescent City Centre. Their post code is cb23ll.  I can help you with the taxi. Where are you departing from?
I will be departing the hotel by 19:00.|I was able to book that for you. Be expecting a yellow Skoda. Should you need to reach them, please call 07153240944.
Great, thanks for your help!|Thank you anything else you need help with today?
No, that will be all. Thank you very much for your help.|I glad we could assist you today. Feel free to contact us anytime, and have a pleasant trip.
I want to find information on a restaurant called Wagamama.|Oh good choice.  Wagamama is an expensive japanese restaurant that is located in the centre area.  Would you like me to reserve you a table?
Sure I would like that, it'll be fore 2 people at 18:00 on tuesday.|I was able to book at table for 2 on Tuesday at 18:00. Your Reference number is : ZZAA5FY2. Can I assist you with anything else?
Yes I also want to find a mutliple sports attraction in the town centre.|I'm sorry. We don't have any results. Would you like to try a different attraction type or area?
How about a museum?|How about the castle galleries?
Yes, that sounds great.  Can you give me the address please.|The address for Castle Galleries is unit su43, grande arcade, saint andrews street. Is there any other information you need?
No, that will be all. Thank you!|Your welcome.  Have a great day!
I am looking for a hotel named alyesbray lodge guest house.|i have their info, what would you like to know?
I would like to book a reservation for it.  Can you help me with that?|I sure can. First, I will need to know when you want your stay to begin and how many days you'll be staying. Also, how many people will be staying?
We will be arriving on Sunday and will stay for 5 nights.|Can you tell me how many guests will be staying in the room?
There will be 8 guests.|Booking was successful. Your reference number is 4UFN3SWC. Will that be all for today?
that is it thank you.|You have a nice day then!
Can you actually look up a restaurant for me as well?|sure thing what's the area and or name?
It's a place called Don Pasquale Pizzeria.|A very nice place in the centre.  Need a reservation?
Yes, I do. I'll need it booked for the same day, same people, and we'd like to eat at 19:00.|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : GVM0PAM2.
Great.  One more thing.  Can you book a taxi between the two places? I'd like to arrive at the restaurant in time for my reservation.|Contact number 07404031593. You are in a Red Skoda.
Thank you so much that was all I needed.|Alright, hope you enjoy the rest of your day.
Hello, I am looking for an expensive restaurant that serves Irish food.|I'm sorry, there is not restaurants matching your request. Would you like to try something else?
Yes, I would like an expensive restaurant that serves british food. Can I have the phone number please?|How about Graffiti, they serve British food and are in the expensive price range, their phone number is 01223 352500.
Perfect! Thanks, good-bye!|You're welcome.  Good bye.
I am looking for a train departing from Cambridge.|Hi, there's one that departs at 05:00 going to london kings cross. Would you like to book it?
I actually need to go to Birmingham new street by 13:45 on Tuesday.|The TR8233 arrives at Birmingham new street at 13:44. Would you like me to book you a seat?
Please, just one ticket. Can I have the reference number as well?|The booking went through successfully. Reference number is : U1F39M58. The total fee is 75.09 GBP. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Thank you! Can you also help me find a place to dine?|It will be my pleasure. Do you have any preference in location, cuisine or price range?
No, I would just like something expensive.  I like the west side of town.|We have some very nice restaurants, such as the Graffiti, offering British cuisine, The Cambridge Lodge, with European, and the Tandoori Palace, with Indian fare. What sounds good to you today?
Surprise me. I need the postcode, phone number, and type of food though, please.|I would recommend Graffiti, serving british fare.  Their phone number is 01223277977 and the postcode is cb30lx.  Is there anything else I can help you with?
That's all I need, thank you.|Great! I'm happy to help. Goodbye!
Please list all restaurants in Cambridge centre in the moderate price range.|There are 21 restaurants matching your criteria. Is there a type of cuisine that interests you?
Possibly Italian if that's available for 3 people on Thursday at 13:30.|There are 2 choices, pizza express serves Italian food with a moderate price range, or pizza express Fen Ditton also in the moderate price range. Which shall I reserve?
Let's go with Pizza Express, can you book for 3 at 13:30 on thursday please.|Ok.  I was able to book the table for three.  Your reference number is 0FOAJA8A.
I need to catch a train to get to the restaurant. Can you help with that too?|You'll have to tell me where you are departing from?
I'm travelling from norwich.|Okay thank you. What time would you like to leave?
I need to arrive by 8:00.|which day do you want to travel?
I want to get there thursday please.|TR4387 arrives at 07:35, would that work for you?
Yeah could I get three tickets please?|Booking was successful, the total fee is 52.8 GBP payable at the station .Reference number is : 5K7P12XZ.
Thank you so much, If you can please leave a review for us. I hope your trip is amazing and very enjoyable.|ok, thank you and enjoy your stay!
I am looking for a 3-star guesthouse. Can you please help me?|I've found several guesthouse options, do you have a specific area of the city in mind?
Do any of those have free parking? I really need it to include that.|Three guesthouses rated 3 stars have free parking available. May I start a reservation for you?
Yes, at whichever one you think is nicer.   I need a room for 2 nights on Saturday.  There are 6 of us.|I have made a reservation for your party of six for two nights starting Saturday at Bridge Guest House. Your reference number is ZZ1ECCCS. Do you need anything else?
I am also looking for a place to dine in the moderate price range with British food.|Are you looking for a restaurant in a particular area?
It should be in the centre.|i recommend cotto, phone-01223302010
That's great.  I'd like to book a table for the same group at 14:15 on the same day.|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : WV3AQGOI. anything else?
Thank you. I'll also need a taxi to commute between the two locations. I'll need to arrive at the restaurant by the booked time.|What time would you like to leave and from where?
Leaving the guesthouse and going to the restaurant, arriving by 14:15.|The booking is completed. Lookout for a black Ford contact number 07589149146. Can I help with anything else?
That will be all. Thanks so much for all your help!|You're welcome! Have a great day.
I need an expensive restaurant in west Cambridge.|We have several to choose from.  Did you have a specific cuisine in mind?
I want Indian food.|I have 5 restaurants that match what you're looking for. Would you like to try Tandoori Palace? Its located at 68 Histon Road Chesteron.
Sure,  can I get a reservation for Sunday at 16:15?  I will need a table for 3.|I will book that for you. Would you like the phone number in case you change your mind?
No I just need the reference number for the reservation for 3 people on Sunday at 16:15.|Sure. The reference number is CBAGG03S and your table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Is there anything else today?
I would like a place to stay|There are 33 options for lodging in town. Do you have a preference for area, price range, type, or star rating?
In terms of type, I want a hotel. And I'd like 4 stars and wifi as well, with a location in the south|There are two places that meet your search criteria.  Did you have a price range in mind?
Price doesn't matter. Do they have free parking?|Yes as a matter of fact they do.
Do they have free wifi also?|Yes, both the establishments offer free internet as well.
Give me the address and phone number for the one you most recommend|Rosa's Bed and Breakfast is the one I recommend.  It's address is 53 Roseford Road and it's phone number is 01223512596
Do they offer free parking?|Yes, they do offer free parking. Can I book a room for you?
No thank you. I have all the info I need.|Will you need a taxi to get to tandoori palace? I can help with that.
No I am good! I do not need a taxi.|Can I help you with anything else today?
No I believe we have got everything done. Goodbye.|Happy to help. Have a great day.
Hello I would like some sort of entertainment in town.|There are 5 entertainment attractions in town. Do you need to travel to a specific area of Cambridge?
Any area is fine, could you give me the address and entrance fee for a place you recommend?|I recommend the funky fun house it's located at 8 mercers row, mercers row industrial estate. The entrance fee is not in my database.
Thank you for that information. I'd also like to dine at a moderately priced restaurant that serves Lebanese food please.|I have one listing for ali baba. Would you like to make a booking?
not now. is it in the centre?|yes, it is in the centre.
Can I have the postcode and address please?|The postcode is cb21nt and the address is 59 Hills Road City Centre.
Thank you for the info that was all I needed.|Thank you for using our system today!
I'm looking for a moderately priced place to stay.|There are 33 moderately priced accommodations. Do you have a specific area or star rating you're looking for?
I would like to stay in the north part of town.|You have eleven choices in the north. Most are guesthouses, two are hotels.
Let's go with a 4 star hotel, I'll need 5 nights for 2 people, starting on Friday.|Okay. I booked you at the 4 star Ashley Hotel for 5 nights and your reference number is 67NA9WLR.
Thank you. I am also looking for a Chinese restaurant with the same price range as my hotel. Can you help me with that?|There are 4 moderately priced Chinese restaurants to choose from. Would you prefer to dine in the north or centre?
I would prefer it to be in the north.|I would recommend golden wok. shall i book it ?
Yes, please book friday at 16:00 for 2 people. And tell me the reference number|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Reference number is : 093R1Y1T. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, I am going to need a taxi to go between the two places. I need it to arrive in time for dinner.|A grey Skoda has been booked to pick you up. Their contact number is 07015780256. What else can I do for you?
You've done it all, thanks so much.|Have a wonderful trip.
I'm looking for something to do in Cambridge. I'm interested in architecture, is there any interesting buildings around the city centre?|I think I can help you with that. There are several historic colleges and churches to see. Many offer free admission.
I'd like to take a look at some of the older churches, what are some of the entrance fees for those?|The churches are free.
Please give me their phone number. I also need a restaurant that serves North American food|Here are the numbers for 2 churches, all saints church(01223452587), holy trinity church(01223355397). There are three more if needed. A good restaurant is gourmet burger kitchen.
Thank you goodbye|Thank you for using our services!
Oh, wait! If the Gourmet Burger Kitchen is in the same area as the churches, could I get the phone number for that, too?|Certainly! The phone number is: 01223312598 Is there anything else we can assist with today?
Yes may i please have the address  to Gourmet Burger Kitchen and can you book reservations for 2 for 13:00|The address is Regent Street City Centre. What day you would like the reservation to be?
I'm sorry, I'm really distracted on this end. Can you tell me the postcode of the Gourmet Burger Kitchen? And what are their prices like?|It is expensive. The postcode is cb21ab.
Ok, that's great. Thank you.|Will you still need a reservation, or are you all set?
No, I'm good. Thanks for all your help!|Thank you for contacting Cambridge TownInfo centre. Goodbye!
I'd like to find an expensive restaurant in the centre of town.|We certainly have plenty expensive places in the center of town! What type of cuisine are you looking for?
Honestly, I am not sure. Which ones do you show available?|We have just about anything you can think of, from Loch Fyne's seafood to Bedouin's African.
Can you make a reservation at Loch Fyne's for 4 people at 14:30 on sunday?|I was able to reserve that for you. Your reference number is 439GP4J5. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Thanks so much.  That is all I need.  Have a great day.|You as well, enjoy your meal!
Hello, I am looking for a restaurant on the west side of town that serves kosher food.|There are no restaurants matching your request.  May I help you find a different one?
Ok, how about an Italian restaurant?|There are two Italian restaurants in the west area. la margherita is in the cheap price range. prezzo is in the moderate price range.
What is the phone number for prezzo?|The phone number for prezzo is 01799 521260.
Thank you, goodbye|thank you, goodbye.
I'm looking for a modern european restaurant in the centre.|Okay, we have some options here. Do you have a price range?
No, not really.  Do you have a favorite?|I like Eraina which is expensive in the Centre.  Are you looking for a table?
Yes I would like to book for 5 people at 14:45 on Saturday.  Is there a hotel near there? Preferably 2 stars?|Your booking was successful and your reference number is X1MZQY3X.
If you could assist me with finding a hotel, I'd appreciate it.  I really need a hotel that includes free wifi and free parking.|Well, we've got the alexander bed and breakfast in the same area that has both parking and wifi.  Would you like to make a booking there?
It depends, I really want a hotel with a 2 star rating.  Does it have a rating of 2 stars?|No, it has a 4 star rating. There are no hotels with your requirements in the centre area.
The hotel doesn't have to be in the centre, just a 2 star hotel type with free parking and wifi.|I have the ashley hotel located in the north.
That's wonderful. Please book for 5 nights for 5 people on Saturday.|Your room has been booked! Your reference number is 6F95T0XQ.
Thank you that is all I needed.|Have a great time.
Sure. I am looking for a restaurant near the centre of Cambridge.|What type of food are you looking for?
I am looking for Eastern European food.|I'm sorry, there aren't any Eastern European eateries in the centre. Can I check another part of town for you, or look for a different type of cuisine?
Thai food sounds good.  Could you check for a restaurant again in the centre of Cambridge?|Bangkok City is an expensive thai place in the centre of town, would you like more info or a booking?
yes, i'd like the phone number please.|The phone number is 01223354382. Can I help you with anything else today?
Yes, I'm also looking for a place called The Man on the Moon?|I found that attraction it is located at 2 norfolk street.  The phone number is 01223474144.
What is the postcode and entrance fee?|The postcode is CB12IF and the entrance fee is unknown. Their phone number is 01223474144 if you would like to call them to find out.
Also, I want a taxi to commute between the two places.|Sure, I can help you with that. Do you want to get picked up at Bangkok City or from The Man on the Moon?
I want to get picked up from the attraction by 23:45 and taken to the restaurant. Please make the taxi booking and give me the relevant info|I have your taxi booked. It will be a red lexus and your contact number is 07308367931. Is there anything else I may assist you with?
I need an expensive restaurant with Eastern European food|Sorry don't have any eastern european restaurants.
Thanks for the help, that is all for today.|Is there another price range or different cuisine you might like information on?
I have reservations Bangkok City restaurant but forgot to get the address and postcode.|The address and postcode are 24 Green Street City Centre, CB23JX. Can I assist you any further today?
Thank you, that is all.|Have a wonderful time.
I have a restaurant in mind that I'm trying to eat at tonight.|Great, can you give me the name?
Yes it's called Rice House. I would like to make a reservation there for 7 people at 16:30 on Saturday.|I can make that reservation for you.
Ok. Can I have the reference number for that reservation?|Great. Your booking was successful and your reference number is ZIF2SFKO.
I would also like to find a place to stay with free wifi and parking.|Can you tell me how much you'd like to pay?  I have hotels in the centre of town that are expensive and cheap.
Expensive price range, please.|I have two matching that criteria. Do you want me to choose?
Yes, please. Book that one, saturday, 4 nights, 7 people.|Okay, your room reservation is for Gonville Hotel located at Gonville Place. Your reference number is ROQAGG58. Anything else you need help with today?
No, that will be all. Thank you.|Thanks for using our service today!
Hi, I'd like a listing for a Mediterranean restaurant.|La Mimosa is a nice restaurant in the centre of town which serves Mediterranean food in the expensive price range.
That sounds wonderful. Can you help me book a table for 2 people at 18:00 on Wednesday?|I am sorry I cannot reserve a table for that time. Maybe another?
Can I book a table for 17:00 instead?|I'm sorry. That time is unavailable as well.
Can you help me find a train going to Stevenage and leaving Thursday instead?|There are ten trains available. Can you give me a little more detail about your trip?
I am going to stevenage on thursday and need a ticket leaving cambridge anytime after 15:30 please|The train leaves every 2 hours starting at 17:21.  Would you like me to book a ticket on any of the 4 trains available after 15:30?
Yes, please can I book for two people at 17:21?|The booking was successful the total price is 25.6 that can be paid at the station. Reference number is UD72LTGU
I also need a train going to Stevenage on Thursday leaving Cambridge after 15:30 for the same group of people.|I've done that for you. If you need additional help ask away. If not have a good one!
What trains leave Friday from Bishops Stortford?|I have ten train departures fitting this criteria. Each leaves on friday on the :29 of the hour from 05:29 to 23:29. Would you like me to book one of these?
I need to arrive in cambridge by 11:15 which one would work best?|The TR3450 leaves at 07:29 from bishops stortford and arrives in Cambridge by 08:07. Is that okay?
How much is the ticket?|Tickets on this train are 10.10 GBP each.
Great. Can I also get a restaurant in the centre of town in the moderate price range?|There are twenty-one moderately-priced restaurants located in the centre of town. Would you like me to make you reservations at one of them?
Yes please. I will need a table for 6 at 18:15 on Friday.|Booking was successful to dine at the cow pizza kitchen and bar. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Your reference number is 3V4CILV4. Is there anything else needed?
No, thank you very much for your help.|You're quite welcome. Have a great day!
I am traveling to Cambridge and looking forward to try local restaurants.|Great! We have lots of great restaurants. Let's narrow down your search. What kind of cuisine would you like?
I want to find an expensive restaurant serving expensive thai food|Do you have a preference for the area?
I'd like a place in the centre.|Bangkok City will fit your preferences perfectly.  Would you like me to reserve a table for you?
Yes, that would be great. It will need to be on Friday at 14:30. I'd like a table for 4, please?|Your table is all set, reference #J0U97VPD. Can I help you with anything else today?
Thank you! Are there any trains leaving that same day from London Liverpool Street?|Yes, there are several trains leaving that same day from London Liverpool Street.
Can you help me find a place to dine on the east side of the city, please? Something that's moderately priced would be best.|There are two Indian restaurants and one Italian restaurant in that area and price range. Do you have a preference for type of food?
Tell me about the Indian restaurants.|The restaurants are called Curry Prince and the other is Rajmahal. They are both in the moderate price range.
Great! I would like to book at table at Curry Prince.|How many people will the reservation be for?
Just myself, at 14:30 on Thursday, please.|I was unable to book for that time, would you like me to try something else?
How about 13:30?|I was able to book that for you for 13:30. Your reference number is 9VLGU3GE. Is there anything else I can do for you?
Yes, I am also looking for information on trains going from Cambridge to Bishops Stortford.|I'd be happy to help you with that.  What day will you be traveling?
I will be leaving on Friday.|There are 5 trains leaving on Friday. Is there a specific departure or arrival time you would like?
Yes, I will need to be at Bishops Stortford before 16:15.|Okay. TR5853 leaves at 09:29 and arrives at 10:07 would you like me to book that train for you?
Please. Can you also provide me with the reference number?|Before I can book that for you, would you please let me know how many people will be traveling?
Oh, sorry about that! Same as the restaurant, so just 1.|The reference number is EMG78YR0.
Thank you so much, goodbye.|Thank you for using our system today!
i want information about sesame restaurant and bar.|Sesame restaurant and bar is located in the centre at 17 Hills Road.
Thanks.  That's what I needed.|Is there anything else you need today?
Yes, I'd like to find a theatre near centre, too.|The ADC Theatre is located in the center. The address is Park Street.
Can I also get their phone number and postcode?|Of course. The postcode is cb58as. The phone number is 01223300085. Can I help you with anything else today?
Need a taxi from the restaurant to the theater, I want to leave the restaurant by 06:15|Okay. I booked you a red skoda and the driver can be reached at 07744304667. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No thank you. That is all that I needed.|No problem, have a great day.
I'm looking for pizza hut fen ditton.|Sure, it's located at Jesus Lane Fen Ditton	cb58ba
Great.  Can you get a table for 7 for me.  Saturday at 14:00.|Ok! I have a table for 7 booked on Saturday at 14:00.  The table will be reserved for 15 minutes and your Reference number is 54PRTQHD.
Wonderful. Could you help me find a train, as well?|Yes, where will you be departing from?
I am leaving from Cambridge.|Where will your destination be?  What day will you be traveling?  When do you need to be there by?
I need to leave on Sunday and get to Leicester by 16:00.|There are 5 different trains that could work. Would you like me to book the earliest one?
No, I'd rather have the latest one possible.|The TR3371 meets your criteria. Would you like tickets? If so, how many?
Please reserve for 7 people|Booking for TR3371 is confirmed. Reference number is : MBSYUIFA. Total fee is 211.67 GBP payable at the station .
Thank you! That is all that I need.|I hope you have a good trip.  Have a great day!
Can't wait to come party at one of your nightclubs in town.|There are 5 nightclubs in the centre and one in the south. Would you like more information on one of them?
Pick a good one for me. I need the phone number and postcode for it too.|Yes sir!  Soul tree nightclub is a good one. they are at 8 market passage, postal is cb23hx and phone number is 01223519224, is there anything else that I can assist with?
Can you give me information on a restaurant called Sala Thong?|Sala Thong is an expensive Thai place in the west. They're located at 35 Newnham Road, cb39ey.
Thanks, that is all for today. Goodbye.|You're welcome, have a good day.
I need to catch a train into Cambridge. Could you help me find one?|Of course. What time and from where are you departing?
I need to go to cambridge from broxbourne and the train should leave after 10:00 on a tuesday.|Train TR6989 leaves at 10:32 and arrives by 11:32.  Would you like to book it?
Yes, I need tickets for 3 people please.|Your booking was successful, the total fee is 53.7 GBP payable at the station .
Reference number is : 23926N66.  Let me know if I can do anything else for you.
I also need a place to eat serving indian food|which side of town do you prefer?
Only the best will do. Can you find me something in the expensive price range?|I found multiple Indian restaurants in the expensive price range. There are many choices in the Centre, which part of town do you prefer?
Any area is fine. Please just recommend a restaurant, and send me the address and postcode. Thanks in advance!|Rajmahal is very popular. Their address is 7 Barnwell Road Fen Ditton and their post code is cb58rg. Will that be all today?
that is it for today. have a good day|I hope you have a great time.
thanks again for everything.|You are quite welcome. Thank you for using our services.
I want to try food in Cambridge and need to get a train to stevenage that leaves after 14:45.|Hello, trains depart every 2 hours on the :21's, what day are you hoping to travel?
I want to leave on sunday from Cambridge.|There are 5 such trains. Do you have a preferred arrival time?
I would like to arrive in time for lunch, preferably around 11:00|I don't have any for that time frame, every train is running after 12:00. I can book you for one that leaves at 15:21. Is that alright?
Ok, the 15:21 going to Stevange on sunday would be great. I'll need the price and train ID as well please.|The prices is 10.24 pounds and the trainID is TR4550. Would you like me to book that for you?
Not quite yet, could you tell me what the travel time is for that trip? I also am looking for a restaurant to dine at.|There are 110 restaurants to choose from. What area are you looking to dine in, and what kind of food are you hungry for?
Find expensive welsh food, or if not welsh, indian, for 6 people at 10:30 Sunday. I need a reference number, please.|Sorry, there aren't any expensive welsh restaurants, but there's an indian place named curry garden.
Sounds good to me. Book it for six people at 10:30 on Sunday. Out of curiousity... how long is that train trip going to take?|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes Reference number is : MUEIRYK2. And the train will arrive at 16:10.
Great - I do still need to know the travel time for that train, though. The 15:21 train to stevenage?|The 15:21 train to Stevenage will take approximately 49 minutes to reach its destination. Is there anything else i can help you with?
Yes, can you also let me know the price for that train?|The price is 10.24 pounds.
Can you book me 6 seats on that train?|Your total for 6 tickets is 61.44 GBP, payable at the station, for reference number T0KZHAA5.
You're still not done! Give me the train ID for the train.|Thank you for reminding me,  your train ID Number will be: TR4550.
I am looking for a restaurant in the centre that serves world food.|I'm sorry I can't find any world food restaurants located in the centre.
How about a restaurant in the centre that serves Korean food?|Little Seoul is a great place that fits your description. Would you like me to book you a table?
Yes please.  I would like a table for 7 on Tuesday.  Try for 11:15 please.|I have nothing available for that day and time slot, can I book you another day or time slot at that restaurant?
How about 10:15?|I have you booked for 7 at little seoul on tuesday at 10:15. Here is the reference number for your booking: KAHFBHYI.
Thank you so much for your help.  Bye.|Glad I could help today, is there anything else that I can resolve for you?
Could you please help me find an expensive restaurant in the south part of town?|Both the restaurant alimentum and the peking restaurant are expensive restaraunts in the south part of town.  Would you like their phone numbers?
Yes. What kind of food do they serve?|Restaurant alimentum serves modern european food, and peking restaurant serves chinese.
Could you please give me the phone number of whichever one you like better?|Peking Restaurant's phone number is 01223 354755. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Thank you. Goodbye.|Thank you for using the Cambridge restaurant system. Goodbye.
I'd like more information about the Ashley Hotel, can you help?|The ashley hotel is a moderately priced 2-star hotel in the north part of town. It offers free wifi and free parking.
That is what I am looking for. I need to book for 2 nights starting on Wednesday. Four people will be staying. Please give a reference number.|Ok, your reservation is booked, your reference number is FCQZW2OT. Can I help you with anything else?
Yes. I'm also looking for an expensive restaurant in the west side of the city.|We have nine restaurants that match your search. Do you have another preference?
Yes. I would like to eat Indian food.|The tandoori palace meets your criteria. It is located at 68 Histon Road Chesterton.
Please book a table for 4 at 15:15 on wednesday.|Alright, now have a reservation for four people at the Tandoori Palace at 3:15 on Wednesday. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Yes, please provide the me the reference number for the reservation.|All booked! The reference number is O9WM39XJ.
Thanks, that was all I needed. Have a nice day.|You're welcome. You also have a nice day. Thanks for using our service.
No problem. I'm glad I did.|Thank you, goodbye!
Help me find a chinese place to dine in the centre please.|I show 10 Chinese restaurants located in the centre. Do you have a price range in mind?
I would like to stay in the expensive price range.|There are 4 Chinese restaurant in the centre of town in the expensive price range. May I suggest HK Fusion?
Can I book it for 1 person at 14:15 on thursday?|I was able to book you, the reference number is 83KK1ZQE, can I assist with anything else?
I can't wait to eat there, thanks. I also need train information. I am going to birmingham new street and need to arrive by 09:45.|WIll you be travelling Thursday, as well?
No, I need to leave on Friday.|Train TR8310 would be perfect for you shall i book it ?
Yes, 1 ticket please.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 75.09 GBP payable at the station .
Reference number is : KXH54OG6. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I am good to go now, thank you so much! Take care!|Thank you for using our services. Have a great trip!
Thank you for your time.|You are very welcome.  I hope you enjoy your trip.
I want to find an expensive restaurant in the south part of town. What is the address?|What type of food are you looking for?
Any type of food is fine, just need to know where it is located.|chiquito restaurant bar serves mexican food in the expensive price range and in south. it is located at 2G cambridge leisure park cherry hinton road cherry hinton. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, thank you.|Thank you for calling and please use our system again. Goodbye.
Goodbye.|thank you, goodbye.
Hi I'm looking to look at boats. Can you look at centre of town?|The Cambridge Punter is a boat located in the centre at 251a Chesterton Road.
I think that sounds interesting. Can you tell me their postcode?|The postal code for The Cambridge Punter is cb41as. Is that all you needed help with today?
Actually I could use some help finding an italian restaurant in the centre of town.|We have 9 Italian restaurants in the Centre, do you have a particular price range you are looking for?
It is a special occasion so it can be expensive!|stazione restaurant and coffee bar is a very popular expensive Italian restaurant in the Centre.  It is located on Market Hill City Centre.
That sounds good. Can I get a table for 5 this Monday at 18:30? I also need a reference number.|I made that reservation for you the reference number is 24H41KYZ.
Thank you! I will also need a taxi for going to and from those places.|Can you tell me what time you prefer to leave by or arrive by?
I need to get to the restaurant by 18:30|Booking completed. The booked car type is a yellow lexus and the contact number is 07892783917.
Thank you, that's all I need.|Glad to be of help. Have a wonderful morning. Goodbye.
Im looking for a restaurant called sitar tandoori, can you help?|Yes the Sitar Tandoori is an expensive Indian restaurant in the East. Would you like me to book it for you?
Just the phone number please.|The phone number is 01223249955.
I also need to find a train going to Ely on Friday.|There are 10 trains traveling to Ely on Friday and are all departing from Cambridge. Is there a particular time you are wanting to leave?
Well, let's see. I need to sleep in a little, so can you see if there's one that departs Cambridge some time after 08:00?|Sure, the train TR8792 leaves at 09:50. Will that work?
Yes, can you make a booking for 4 people please.|I have your four seats reserved. The reference number is dgdl8o65. Can I assist you in any other ways?
No, thank you, you've been very helpful.|Have a great day!
I'm looking for a train out of cambridge.|Where would you like to go?
I am going to broxbourne on and need to arrive by 14:45.|What day would you be traveling.  I'd be  happy to look that up and book it for you.
I would like that to be for Wednesday and I will need tickets for 3 people please.|Okay, the TR6167 leaves at 13:01 and arrives by 14:01. Would you like me to book this one?
Yes please, for 3 people. I also need to know if the restaurant La Minosa is still open.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 53.7 GBP. Reference number is : GKN1SECP. Unfortunately, I don't have the hours of operation for La Mimosa. But their phone number is 01223362525.
Can you book the La Mimosa for the same group of 3 people at 11:30 on Wednesday?|Yes that booking was successful and the reference number is F7EI7E4Y.
Thanks so much. Have a great day! Goodbye|If there is anything else, please contact us. Good bye.
Please help me find an expensive restaurant that serves Chinese food. Thank you.|I have several options for you. Do you have a certain area in mind?
Area does not matter, Ill go with anyone that you recommend, please book me for thursday at 19:15 for 6 people.|Ok, you have a reservation at the Ugly Duckling. The reference number is MHERLSWD. Do you want the address?
No need for the address, thanks so much. I also need a train departing King's Lynn.|OK, what day are you traveling, and at what time?
I am leaving on Thursday and would like to arrive by 14:15.|Where will the destination be?
The train should go to Cambridge on Thursday. I would also need the train ID.|When would you like to leave at?
I have no preference, I just need to arrive by 14:15|I have TR4836 available.  It leaves at 13:11 and arrives at 13:58.  The cost is 9.80 pounds.  Would you like this one?
That sounds like the one I need.  I'll reserve it myself though.  Thanks for your help, I won't need anything else.  Bye.|Do you need any suggestions for attractions or hotels? I can help.
I am looking for the address and phone number for the Backstreet Bistro please.|Sure the Backstreet Bistro is located at 2 Sturton Street City Centre and there phone number is 01223306306...
Perfect, can you make me a reservation for 8 people on Saturday please?|Of course! What time would you like a reservation?
14:45 works for us|A reservation for 8 people on Saturday at 14:45 has been made with the reference number 79CMOGUR. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Yes. I need to book a train on Saturday that goes to Cambridge.|Certainly. There are many trains into Cambridge. Where would you like to depart from, and do you have a preferred departure or arrival time?
I would like a train that departs from Stevenage and arrives by 11:15.|There are three trains that fit that criteria. One arrives at 6:43, another at 8:43 and the last at 10:43. Which would you prefer?
Can you give me the price, train ID, and travel time for the one that arrives at 8:43?|TR6016 will cost 10.24 pounds and the travel time is 49 minutes.
Can you confirm that this is the train that will arrive by 11:15?|I do not have a train arriving at 11:5. But I do have one arriving at 08:43.
Is that train the same price as TR6016?|I do apologize for the confusion, sir. Yes, the TR6016 will indeed have you there well before 11:15. With a cost of 10.24 pounds and a travel time of 49 minutes.
Ok.  That will work. Thanks for your help.|Was there anything more I could assist you with today?
No, I believe that is everything today. Thank you.|Great, have a nice day!
I am looking for a restaurant called Cocum.|That's a very nice Indian restaurant on the west side of town. Would you like the phone number or a reservation?
I'd like a reservation, please. I'd need it for Monday, 14:00, and for one person. I'll need the reference number.|Your reservation at Cocum at 14:00 for 1 person was successful. Your Reference number is : PD01ZLA3.
Thank you. I am also looking for a particular hotel. It's called Home From Home.|Home from home is a 4 star guesthouse in the north area with wifi and parking. Would you like to make a reservation?
Yes, please. Just me, same day as the restaurant, and I'll be staying 3 nights.|Booking was successful.
Reference number is : TFWXYHTG. anything else today?
That's all I need for today.  Thanks!|Great. If you ever need anything else don't hesitate to ask.
I would like an expensive restaurant that serves vegetarian food|I'm sorry, there are no expensive vegetarian restaurants in town. Can I help you find anything else?
Could you find me an Asian Oriental restaurant instead?|Saigon City is an expinsive asian oriental restraunt in the north area of town.
What is the phone number and area?|The phone number for saigon city is 01223 356555 and is located in the north part of the town.
Thank you. Goodbye!|Goodbye
I'm craving Indian food and money isn't an issue so find me an expensive restaurant that serves it please|sure i have 14 options for you
Oh what the heck money is no object, an expensive indian restaurant in the west.|Tandoori Palace is the best one. It's at 68 Histon Road Chesterton, cb43le. Would you like a table booked?
Yes, I want to book for 3 people at 16:30 on Friday|Great! I've booked the tandoori palace for 3 on friday at 16:30. Would you like your reference number?
Yes thank you. Please give me the reference number for the restaurant.|Your booking was successful. Your table will be reserved for 15 mins. Reference number is : XLKZ4515. Anything else I can do for you?
I also need a train departing from cambridge going to stevenage leaving on Saturday after 19:45|There are 2 trains that meet your needs. One arrives at 22:10 and one arrives at 24:10. Both are 10.24 pounds. Would you like for me to book one?
No, please just give me the travel time, price, and train ID. Thanks|Which one would you like?
How about all three?|I'm sorry, I would be happy to give you the information. I meant, which of the two trains would you like?
Let's go with the one that arrives at 22:10. I'll need the train ID, price and travel time, please?|Okay. The train ID is TR5842. The travel time is 49 minutes. The price is 10.24 pounds. Is there anything else I can help with today?
That is all I needed today, thank you.|Ok! Have a wonderful day!
I'm looking for a restaurant that's on the pricier end, I want to impress some people. Is there something you'd recommend?|The Bedouin is unusual and expensive. Cote offers the more standard, but elegant French cuisine. Is location a concern?
want to book a table for 8 people at 17:00 on wednesday and I need a reference number|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Reference number: PLFTP5GS.
I'm also looking for an attraction near the restaurant. Do you recommend anything?|There are many attractions in that area. Do you want something that is free to the public?
That would be perfect. What do you recommend?|Williams art and antiques is free to the public.  Located in the centre and it is a museum.
Great, thanks! Is there a restaurant nearby?|You have already been booked at a nearby African restaurant, Bedouin, on Wednesday at 17:00. Are you interested in an additional restaurant?
No thank you. But could you please get me the phone number and postcode for Williams art and antiques?|Of course! Williams Art and Antiques is located in the city centre, postcode cb12lj. You can reach them at 01223311687. Can I help you with anything else?
No thank you that will be all|It was a pleasure serving you, goodbye!
Can you tell me about any expensive places to dine in the east side?|There are several.  Is there a certain type of food you would like to have?
I would like to go to a Tuscan restaurant, please.|Unfortunately, there are not any Tuscan restaurants in town at all.  Is there another type of cuisine you would enjoy? Perhaps maybe Italian?
Are there any expensive restaurants in the east that serve gastropub food?|Royal standard is available, would you like to try them?
Yes, could you book a table for 4 people at 14:45 on sunday?|I was able to do that. Your reference number is 1CYX3L33.
Great! Let me ask my wife if there was anything else she was curious about.|OK, I'll be here!
I'm sorry, I lied about having a wife. I just need to know if there are any trains to stevenage available on monday.|Where are you leaving from?
The train should arrive by 15:30 and should depart from cambridge. Sorry still no wife.|What about your wife? Does she need a ticket?
No. I just need the train ID and departure time, please.|The TR1898 meets your criteria. The departure time is 13:21. The duration of the trip is 49 minutes.
I need that information emailed or faxed to me, please.|Unfortunately, we do not have that capability. If we do a booking for you, we can provide you with a reference number though.
I think that is all the info I will need.|I do not have a fax machine.
It's fine. I'm over needing a fax machine. I think I've got everything I need.|Great.  I hope you and your wife have a great trip.
I'm looking for a modern european restaurant that had a moderate price range.|The riverside brasserie matches what you're looking for. Will this work?
Yes, please. Reserve a spot for 1 at 16:00 on thursday.|I was able to book you, The table will be reserved for 15 minutes, your reference number is : GPMQ5NCV.  Is there anything else I can do for you?
Thank you. I'm also looking for a train that departs from cambridge and arrives at stevenage.|There are 70 trains to choose from!  Let's start narrowing that down.  What day would you like to travel on?
I'm looking to travel on friday and arrive by 12:30|There is no train matching that descrioption
If nothing before 12:30 is there, what time are available?|I apologize. There is TR3043 that will depart at 11:21 and arrive at 12:10. Would you like me to book that for you?
Yes I need to book for 1 please|Your booking was successful and your reference number is 23NZ1NPG. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Thank you goodbye|I've booked one ticket for you, the reference number is 6WUNBIGW.
Goodbye and thank you again.|You're welcome, please let me know if you need anything else.
I would like a ticket to a train that arrives in Cambridge before 8:45am.|There are 231 trains that arrive in Cambridge before 8:45, can you tell me where you want to depart from to narrow it down?
I'd like to depart from London kings cross|I can book you on train number TR4543. It departs at 07:17 and arrives in Cambridge at 8:08.
I need the train to leave on Sunday.|Okay, I got one leaving at 5:17 and another at 7:17, do you have a preference?
7:17 please.  I would like to book for 8 people and i need the reference number.  I would also like to book at Bangkok City restaurant.|I've booked the train. Your reference number is YRIP8V3C. For what day and time would you like the restaurant reservation?
I want to book the reservation the same day as my train at 13:30 for 8 people.|Unfortunately we cannot book at that time, could you choose another day or time please?
How about the same day at 12:30?  If that works, please send the reference number.|It works. The reference number is YRIP8V3C. Anything else I can do for you?
i would also like to book a reservation at bangkok city.|You would like an additional reservation at Bangkok city restaurant?
No, my mistake. Thank you.|okay is there anything else i can help you with?
No, that was everything, thank you!|Okay! Thank you for calling.
Thank you very much for your help.|Good day then.
What can you tell me about the bangkok city restaurant?|sure, their phone number is 01223354382. anything else today?
Can you book a table there for me? There will be 6 of us at 16:45 on Saturday.|I sure can! Your booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.Reference number is : QOQA5GZZ. Is their anything else I can help you with?
Yes, I'm looking for a hotel in the centre of town.|There are five in the centre of town. Do you need parking or wifi?
I not need internet. I have no preference on parking.|I just need to know what your price range is and how many stars you need?
I would like a 0 star hotel.|You might want to try CityRoomz.
Can you book it for 6 people. We will need it for 4 days starting on Saturday. I also need a reference number. Thanks|I have booked a room for Saturday at the cityroomz hotel. Your reference number is 4AXQUT6U. Is there anything else I can help you with?
That is all for now. Thank you for the help.|You're welcome and enjoy your stay.
I need some info on the acorn guest house.|Certainly.  it is a well loved moderate 4 star guesthouse located at 154 Chesteron Road.  What specifically would you like to know?
I'd like to book it for 7 people for 5 nights.  We'll be arriving on Thursday.|Your booking was successful and the reference number is QLC8BCAI. May I help you with anything else?
No. I think I am all set.|Have a wonderful day!
Oh, actually I'm looking for a great place to dine also. Can you help me with that?|Sure, is there a certain area and price range you are interested in?
A moderate price range in the center, maybe one that serves international food.|Both the Varsity restaurant and Bloomsbury restaurant meet your needs. Both are popular. Do you have a preference?
Can you tell me the address for the Varsity?|Yes, its address is 35 Saint Andrews Street City Centre
I want a taxi to the Varsity. It should depart my hotel by 19:15. Please give me car type and contact info.|Sure, what hotel are you staying at?
I am staying at the Acorn Guest House.|Booked car type	:	grey tesla
Contact number	:	07216227516 Is there anything else I can assist you with?
No, that is all I need today. Thank you.|Thank you for using our services.
I need a restaurant. The restaurant should serve indian food and should be in the expensive price range.|There are 14 expensive indian restaurants in the city. Do you have a preference of location?
Yes.East-Side London.|Pipasha Restaurant fits all of your criteria. Would you like to book a stay?
Please book for 4 people at 17:00 on Sunday|Your table for 4 has been booked.  The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.  Your reference number is 8OZ8ZF5G. Do you need anything else?
I am also interested in attractions in the centre.  Specifically, I am interested in multiple sports facilities|I have none available in the centre. Would you like a different area or attraction?
How about an attraction that has to do with boats?|The Cambridge Punter looks like a good choice. Want more information?
Yes, can I get the phone number?|The phone number to the cambridge punter is 07807718591. Do you require assistance with anything else.
Yes, I'd like a taxi to take me to Pipasha Restaurant and then to Cambridge Punter.  I'd like to arrive at Pipasha Restaurant by 17:00.|I just need to know where you will be departing from at first to the restaurant.
I will be departing from my house.|What is the address of your house so I can book the taxi?
Actually I'll be at the Cambridge Punter, pick me up there.|No problem. Your taxi is booked. The car is a red tesla and the contact number is 07610839736. Anything else I can help you with?
Thank you for all your help.|You're very welcome!  Is there anything else that I can help you with today?
That is all I will need.  Thank you for your help!|You are welcome. Please call us back if we can help you any further.
Hi, I'm looking for a cheap restaurant.|I can help you! Is there a particular type of food you'd like to eat, or a specific location?
In the centre please. It will be just myself at 16:15 on Sunday.|Can I recommend the dojo noodle bar? It is a cheap asian oriental restaurant in the centre?
I'd like to book a table for 1 at 16:15 and need the reference number. I need a place to stay that has free wifi but no parking.|You are reserved for Sunday with reference number 87TQQG9Q. Unfortunately there are no hotels without parking. May I recommend The Cambridge Belfry? It's cheap and four stars.
Is there a guesthouse available?|Yes, if you're looking for a cheap guesthouse, then Finches Bed & Breakfast should be right up your alley!
Great can I get the price range, phone number, and area?|Of course. The phone is 01223276653.  It is in the west part of town and in the cheap price range.  Would you like to book this location?
No thanks, I also need a taxi to go from the guesthouse to the restaurant.|When would you like to leave or arrive by?
I want to arrive by the booked time.|It has been reserved. The car type will be a white honda. Contact number 07331361490
Thank you have a nice day.|You're welcome, have a great day, too.
Please help me find a hotel to stay at in the centre that has a 4 star rating. Thanks!|I have 2 matches. Do you have a type preference?
I want an expensive place with free wifi.|That narrows it down to one choice, the University Arms Hotel. It meets all of your requirements, plus has parking. Would you like me to check availability?
Where is it located?|Its location is on Regent Street.
Thanks. I'm also wanting to see if there's someplace to get polynesian food in the centre of town.|There are no Polynesian restaurants in the centre.
Is there a Oriental restaurant in the City Centre that is in the expensive price range?|Kymmoy is a great Asian Oriental place in the center of town, but it's expensive.
That's all I will need. Thank you!|Thank you for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Please have a pleasant day.
I'm looking for a local restaurant to try in Cambridge.|There are many! Is there a certain style of cuisine you are looking for, or a specific price range?
I think I can find a restaurant on my own, but can you tell me if there are any museums?|I have found 23 differnt museums in town. What part of town are you wanting to travel to?
I have no preference. Can you please provide me with the address, postcode, and area on one?|The Fitzwilliam Museum, in the centre, has free admission. Trumpington St, cb21rb.
Yes, that sounds lovely. Thank you.|You're welcome. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, on second thought I would like help finding a restaurant. What do you know about north american cuisine restaurants?|There is one expensive North American restaurant in the centre of town. It is called the Gourmet Burger Kitchen.
Excellent. What's the address and area there?|gourmet burger kitchen, in the centre is located at Regent Street City Centre
I need to book a taxi to commute between the museum and the restaurant, leaving the museum by 14:30.|Ok great.  Your taxi booking has been completed.  The care type will be a white tesla.  Would you like the contact number?
Yes, please. That would be great.|The number is 07555434856, is there anything else I can do for you?
No, that should be good, thank you.|Thank you for contacting the Cambridge TownInfo centre, have a great day!
Good eve! I'm looking for a nice place to have a spot of afternoon tea.|I'm sorry, I didn't get any matching results. Is there any other food type you would like me to look for?
No, I would like afternoon tea in the west.|sorry we got none.
Could you try Italian then?|There is one Italian restaurant in that area.
What is the name?|There are actually two it looks like:  Prezzo and La Margherita.
Can I get the information for Prezzo?|What information can I get for you?
I need to get the phone number, address, and postcode.|Prezzo is located at  21 - 24 Northampton Road. The post code is  cb30ad. You can reach them at 01799521260.
Thank you. I am also going to need train information.|Of course, what train information may I get for you today?
I need a train to leave after 9:30 from Kings Lynn departing for Cambridge on Thursday.|What day will you be traveling, please?
I would like to leave on Thursday.|I have a train that departs at 10:11. Would you like to book it?
No not at this time. I would just like the train ID for that train.|The train id is TR1704.
Have a nice day.|Is there anything else I can help you with today?
That's all, Thank you so much.|Okay thanks for calling.
Okay thank you for calling.|welcome and have a great day
Hello. I'd like to find a hotel to stay in for the weekend. I'd like one with restaurants and entertainment within walking distance.|Would it be possible for you to book another day?
I would like to find a guesthouse with a 4 star rating.|The alexander bed and breakfast would fit your needs would you like me to make a reservation for you
YES I NEED IT FOR 3 PEOPLE FOR 2 NIGHT STARTING MONDAY AND I NEED THE REFERENCE NUMBER|OK, I was able to get the reservation for you. The reference number is I36DJXLT. Can I help you with anything else?
Find a restaurant in the centre that's the same price range as the hotel, please.|I found over 20 choices.  Is there a certain type of food you're interested in?
I'd like Italian food, please.|There is a Pizza Express in the centre that is moderately priced. Would you like to book there?
Yes, for the same group of people on Monday at 17:15, please.|I have a table reserved for you, they'll hold it for 15 minutes. The reference number is WU3RYCER. Can I help you with anything else?
No, thank you for your help.|You're very welcome, have a great day! Enjoy Cambridge!
I need a train that leaves after 13:30 saturday afternoon please.|Can you please tell me what your destination is for that trip?
I would like to depart from Cambridge and arrive at Stevenage, please.|There are 5 trains meeting that criteria. Would you like me to book you a ticket?
Yes, I would like to book the ticket now, could I please have the train ID?|The train ID is TR8813, how many tickets would you like to book?
I can take care of that myself. Can you also help me find a place to dine in the south, priced cheaply please.|How about Portuguese cuisine at Nandos? Would you like any more information about them or assistance booking a reservation?
That's perfect. I'd like to book that restaurant for just myself at 10:00 on the same day. Could I get the reference number as well, please?|OK, you have a table for 1 at 10:00 on Saturday at Nandos. Your reference number is 3JRN2T9Y. Can I help with anything else today?
I am all set. Thanks!|Thank you for contacting the help desk. Please, if you have any more questions, do not hesitate to ask.
Find me an expensive moroccan restaurant please.|i haven't found any, maybe a less expensive one?
Did you check the east area?|i haven't found any in the east too
How about expensive indian food in the east area?|Yes, there's pipasha restaurant and sitar tandoori.
Can you give me the postal code and phone number for Pipasha restaurant?|Sure! The phone number is 01223577786 and the postcode is cb58pa. Can be of any further help?
Great can I also get a train on monday heading to broxbourne|Yes and where will you be departing from and what time would you like to arrive or leave?
Actually, I'm departing from broxbourne and heading into cambridge. I'd love to arrive by 12:30 on Monday|TR0559 leaves Monday at 09:32 and arrives in Cambridge by 10:32 on Monday. Would you like to book a ticket?
Yes!  Book for 8 people, please.|I've booked you 8 tickets for train TR0559 departing Broxbourne at 9:32 on Monday. THe cost is 143.19 GBP. YOur reference number is B87U1BOH. Can I help you with anything else?
That is all I need, thank you very much.|Thank you for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre.  Goodbye
I'm looking for a hotel named Worth House|Found it! It is located in the north and it is cheap. Would you like to make a reservation?
Is that a hotel or guesthouse? And, do they have free internet?|It is a guesthouse, cheap, wifi and parking. Would you like to reserve it?
No just need the address and do they have free internet? I am also looking for a nice place to eat called the de luca cucina and bar|found it, de luca cucina and bar ismodern european centreof moderate price range. phone number is 01223356666	 code,cb21aw	and is located on 83 Regent Street
Thank you, I want to book a table for 8 people at 11:30 on saturday.|I was able to book it the reference number is 3EZLDF7Q.
Thanks. What was the address for Worth House?|warkworth terrace is the address, anything else?
I'd also like the hotel type and internet status, please.|Worth House has internet and parking. Will that work for you?
yes that works. I also need a taxi to get between the guest house and restaurant.|Ok, a black bmw will pick you up in time to arrive for your reservation at de luca cucina and bar.  The taxi's number is 07228077167.  Anything else?
That is all thanks for your time.|Thank you, please contact us again if you'd like additional assistance. Have a great day!
I'm looking for a restaurant in the centre that serves Italian food.|Yes I have several options for you. Do you have a preferred prices range you are looking for?
Do any of them have an opening for 5 people Friday night at 17:30?|There are 9 Italian restaurants in the center of town. I recommend Pizza Express Fen Ditton. However, the restaurant is fully booked. Do you have a price range?
Is there another restaurant available in the same area at that time in the same price range?|If you like asian food, I can check the Yippee Noodle bar which is in the same area and the same price range.
I'm looking for a restaurant that serves Indian food in the centre of town.|I can help you with that. What is your price range?
I am looking for Indian food in the cheap price range.|I have 3 cheap indian restaurants. Kohinoor, The Ghandi, and Mahal of Cambridge. Which can I tell you more about?
Please tell me about Kohinoor.  Provide the phone number, address, and postcode.|Sure. The Kohinoor Restaurant is located at 74 Mill Road. The postcode is cb12as, and the phone number is 01223323639.
Thanks. I am also looking for places to go in town, any suggestions? I'd like something of multiple sports in the centre like the restaurant.|I regret to inform you: there are sports attractions nearby of any kind, sorry.
Are there any museums nearby?|Primavera is a very popular place. Would you like more information?
If that is a museum, then yes. Please tell me the entrance fee there.|There is no entrance fee for the Primavera and their phone number is 01223357708
Thanks, I won't need any further help today. Take care!|You are most welcome, have a wonderful day!
I would like some information of the restaurant called Royal Standard.|Royal Standard is a gastropub in the East, it is in the expensive price range. Would you like a reservation?
No.  What area is royal standard in?|Royal Standard is in the East.
Great.  Can you get me a phone number and postcode?|The phone number for the Royal Standard restaurant is 01223247877 and postcode is CB13NL. Would you like me to book a table for you?
Please book a table for 3 people at 16:00 on Friday.|I have booked the Royal Standard for 3 people on Friday at 16:00.
Thank you. I also need a place to stay in the south. It doesn't need to have free parking, but I do need free wifi.|Is there a price range for the hotel?
no, just needs to be in the south|The Bridge Guest House is in the south and has free wifi. It is a moderately-priced with a 3-star rating. Would you like to book a room?
yes, please for 7 people for 4 nights starting on tuesday.|Done! Your reference number is JV5NNEDF. Can I help you with anything else?
No, thank you. Have a good day.|Thank you, enjoy your stay.
I want to find a place to stay in the moderate price range.  Parking doesn't need to be free.|There are a total of 18 places that you can stay at. Would you rather have a guesthouse or a hotel?
I would like a guesthouse please. Oh, and I don't need internet either.|There are 15 guesthouses with the preferences you have mentioned. Do you have a preference on stars or location?
Could I get the stars of the hotel and phone numbers?|the alpha-milton guest house is a three star location in the moderate price range. their phone number is 122 331 1625.
Thank you. I am also looking for a place to dine. Im thinking British food and it should be in the centre.|We've got seven different places in the center of town to eat with moderate to expensive pricing.  Do you have a preference?
No just as long as it serves British food and is in the centre. I also need to get the post code for the one you choose.|What day and time do you plan to dine?
I don't care about the time or day. I would just like the postcode of a restaurant the serves British food in the centre area of town, please.|The Oak Bistro serves British food and is in the centre.  The postal code is cb21eg.
Thank you - that's all I'll need today. I appreciate your help!|Have a good day!
I need help picking the correct train that will arrive at the time I need.|What are your departure and destination sites?
I am leaving from Leicester and going to Cambridge.|what time do you want to arrive?
I would like to arrive by monday at 16:30.|The closest you could arrive on Monday is the 14:09 train that will get you there by 16:30.  Does that sound good?
That sounds great. My math isn't the best so please tell me what the total travel time is.|The travel time is 105 minutes. Shall I book it?
No thanks I will book it. Can you help me find an expensive restaurant as well?|Sure thing I would suggest this place graffiti.
Is it in the North area?|No.  It is in the west.  Need a place in north?
Yes, please.  I'd like something with some creative food.|Actually, I can't find any restaurants serving creative food. Can we try a different cuisine?
How about european food please?|I have one option for you that is called The City Stop Restaurant and it is expensive. Does this interest you?
Can you book a table for 2?|On what day would you like to dine?
I need a table at 20:15 on Monday.|How many people will be dining?
Make the reservation for 2 people please.|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Reference number is  V8CR4ENN.
That is all.  Have a nice day.|Great, you have one too!
Please find me a place to dine that's expensive and in the centre.|Fitzbillies restaurant is expensive in the centre of town. Would you like to try that?
I am looking for Thai food.|we have bankok city. it is located in 24 green street centre. can i give you the phone number?
Ok great. Can you reserve a table there for Thursday for 5 people at 15:00 please?|it was successful. Reference number is : AKNPF1IH.
Thank you for your help.|Your very welcome. Can I help you with anything else today?
Yes a hotel please.|Okay.  I can help you with that.  Can you help me narrow the options down by providing preferences such as area, price range, and type?
You know what? I don't need a hotel after all. I heard something about an attraction called ballare, could you give me some information about it?|Ballare is a nightclub located in the centre area. the phone is 01223364222 and the entrance fee is 5 pounds. Can I help you with anything else?
That is everything. Thank you so much for your help.|You're welcome! Is there anything else I can help you with today - transportation perhaps, or other attractions?
That is all I need.|Thanks for using the Cambridge booking service and have a great day.
Are there any crossover restaurants in the west?|There are no crossover restaurants in the west is there another area you'd like me to look in?
How about looking for crossover restaurants that are expensive. Doesn't matter the area.|No I am truly sorry. Something else perhaps?
How about one that serves European food?|Cambridge Lodge Restaurant is a European place in the west that is expensive.  Would you like to book a table?
No but can I get the phone number, postcode, and address please?|Absolutely. They are located at Cambridge Lodge Hotel 139 Huntingdon Road, City Centre. Their phone number is 01223355166. Their postcode is cb30dq. Anything else I can help with?
Yes I would like a train to bishops stortford please.|I can help you with that.  Just to confirm, are you departing from Cambridge or another city?
Yes, departing from Cambridge on Monday. I'd like to get to Bishops Stortford by 18:00, if possible.|Train TR4283 arrives at Bishops Stortford by 6:07 and costs 10.10 pounds per ticket.  Would you like me to reserve a seat for you?
Yes please. Book that.|Sorry, that would be 16:07 for arrival time. Can you confirm how many are traveling?
I am traveling by myself. I need the train ID also after you book.|I take that back, the TR4283 definitely arrives at 06:07, and departs at 05:29. The booking was successful. The total will be 10.1 GBP, payable at the station. Reference number:2P9BM67Z.
Great. Thank you!|Thank you for using Cambridge TownInfo centre. Please consider us for your future travel needs.
I need a Friday train, to arrive by 19:30.|there are many trains! where are you coming from?
I am heading to Broxbourne from Cambridge.|Is there a certain time you would like to leave?
No, I just know that I need to arrive by 19:30.|TR2436 will arrive in Broxbourne at 19:01. Would you like me to book a ticket for you?
yes please for four people|I have you booked on train TR2436 for 4 people, your reference number is UGROZAQ1.  71.59 is payable at the station, can I help with anything else?
Yes, I am looking for an expensive restaurant to dine at earlier the same day.|Did you have a particular type of cuisine you were looking for?
I am flexible on the cuisine. But I would like something in the centre of town that is expensive.|I recommend Fitzbillies Restaurant.  It is an expensive restaurant in the centre that serves British cuisine.  Would you like to make a reservation?
book for the same group of people at 12:45 on the same day|I will book it for you and get a reference number
I am looking for bistro food.|I cannot find any restaurants matching your request. Can I find something else for you instead?
How about a restaurant serving Portuguese food?|Nandos City Centre, which is in the south part of town, serves Portuguese food and they are in the cheap price range.
May I have the address and phone number of Nandos?|Nandos' address is Cambridge Leisure Park Clifton Way and their phone number is 01223 327908.
Thank you|You're welcome. Have a nice day.
I'm looking for a cheap restaurant in the centre.|I have 15 different restaurants matching your preferences, would you like a specific type of food?
No, any one will be fine.  Will you pick one and send me the phone number and postcode?|The phone number to J restaurant is 01223307581.
Thank you! I'm actually looking for places to go in town, some type of entertainment.|How about nusha? It's in the south.
That sounds great. Can i get the postcode and is there a entrance fee?|I don't have any information on the entrance fee, but their postcode is cb17dy. Can I help you with anything else?
Yes, I need a taxi to get from the restaurant to Nusha.|Okay, what time would you like to arrive in Nusha?
No, I need a taxi from Nusha to the restaurant.|Okay, what time do you need the taxi for?
it should leave by 08:15|I booked you a grey audi from nusha to j restaurant, to pick you up at 8:15.  Contact number is 07366723589.  Is there anything else I can do?
No, thank you. That's all I need today.|I hope you have a great stay.  Goodbye.
I'm looking for a halal restaurant with moderate prices.|Sorry, I could not find any restaurants matching that description.
What about a different moderately priced restaurant in the east?|I have 3 that fit your request.  Curry prince, rajmahal, and pizza hut fen ditton.  Are you interested in any of these?
Yes I would like Curry Prince.|May I book that then for you?
Yes, please. Can you book a table on Sunday for 5 people at 12:45?|I am sorry but there are no tables available. Would you like to try a different day or time?
Go ahead and try to book it for 11:45 please.|I was able to book Curry Prince at 11:45.  The table will be reserved for 15 minutes starting at 11:45.  Reference number: MOVT28V6.
I am also looking for a train leaving peterborough on the same day, can you help with that?|Yes, I can. What is your destination?
I want to go to cambridge.|Sure. There are many trains that day. What time of day would you like to travel?
I need to arrive by 08:45.|Train TR7483 leaves Cambridge at 17:48 and arrives at 18:38, would you like me to book it for you?
I actually need to arrive by 08:45.|There is a train TR5662 that arrives at 8:09 would you like me to book it for you?
I need to get to Cambridge, can you confirm that this train is leaving from peterborough?|Yes train TR5662 leaves from Peterborough at 07:19 on Sunday and arrives at Cambridge by 08:09
Okay lets book that train!|I can go ahead and get this booked for you, how many tickets will you be needing for the train?
I will need tickets for everyone at the dinner reservation. Can I also please have a reference number?|I was able to book 5 tickets for you. Your reference number is D0ONJ5MT. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
no, that's all thank you|Have a great day!
I need some information on a train going to stevenage.|We have many trains leaving to Stevenage at all times. Can I get your point of departure and day of travel?
I will be departing from Cambridge on Sunday.|TR6488 departs Cambridge on Sunday at 9:21 and arrives in Stevenage by 10:10. Would this work for you?
That's too early. I need an afternoon train. What do you have later on?|What time would you like to leave or arrive?
I have to leave Cambridge after 13:00.|How about TR0523 departing at 13:21 and arriving in stevenage at 14:10?
That is fine. Can I get the price for a ticket please?|Sure, that ticket costs 10.24 pounds. Do you want me to book it?
Not just yet. I am just getting some information for now.|OK. Is there anything else you'd like to know, about the train or about anything else?
I would like to find a restaurant in the moderate price range.|I have 31 moderate priced restaurants. Is there a certain cuisine or area of town you would be interested in?
I'm interested in an Italian restaurant. What would you recommend in the moderate price range?|Pizza hut cherry hinton looks pretty good. Would you like me to make you a reservation?
Yes, for 8 people at 10:15 on Sunday|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Reference number is : L0NMNTY2.
Thank you, that's all I need today!|Can I look anything else up for you today?
No thank you have a nice day.|Thank you for your help.
I want something that's moderately priced. Any type of food.|What area would you like?
I would like the north part of town, please.|Golden Wok serves Chinese food. Would you like their address and phone number?
yes I would like their address and phone number|The golden wok is located at 191 Histon Road Chesterton and their phone number is 01223 350688. May I help you with anything else?
No, thank you goodbye|Have a great day and enjoy your food.
I am looking for a nice restaurant in the center of town.|Do you have a price ranger preference?
he restaurant should be in the expensive price range.|There are 33 expensive restaurants in the centre of the city. What type of cuisine are you seeking?
I'd like Japanese food, please.|Yes I found a perfect fit for you. Wagamama is a Japanese restaurant that serves expensive food in the center of town. Would you like their address and telephone number?
Yes please as well as their postcode.|The address is 36 Saint Andrews Street	, cb23ar, and the phone number is 01223462354.
Thank you for your help. I appreciate it!|You're welcome. Do you need any further assistance?
No thank you that will be all for today!|You're very welcome. Feel free to call us again in the future. Have a nice evening.
I would like an expensive restaurant in the east part of town|What type of food would you like? British, Indian, Gastropub, or Chinese?
It doesn't matter.|Yu Garden is a Chinese restaurant located in the east part of town and is in the expensive price range.   Would you like their address?
Yes, and could you also give me their phone number?|yu garden is located at 529 newmarket road fen ditton and its phone number is 01223248882. Can I help you with anything else?
Thank you goodbye.|Goodbye.
I want to find a restaurant in any area and serves spanish food. What is the phone number and address?|La Raza serves cheap spanish food, located in the centre area at 4 - 6 Rose Crescent with phone number 01223 464550
Thanks, goodbye.|You're welcome. Goodbye.
Goodbye|Thank you.
I'm looking for a cheap restaurant in the west part of town. I'd also like the restaurant's phone number.|There are two cheap restaurants in the west part of town.  La Margherita is an Italian restaurant and Thanh Binh is a Vietnamese restaurant.  Would you like the phone number for one or both of those?
Vietnamese sounds good. Could I have the phone number for Tanh Binh?|The phone number is 01223 362456.
Thank you, goodbye|Goodbye, have a nice day.
I'm looking for a cheap restaurant. Can you help me?|There are 22 cheap restaurants. What part of town are you interested in?
I'd like a place in the centre, please.|There are 15 cheap restaurants in the centre area. What type of food are you interested in?
Could you get me the phone number and postcode of one close to a museum?  Looking for place to go after meal in same area?|The Golden House Chinese restaurant  phone number is 01842753771 and the postcode is cb21eg, is there anything else I can assist you with?
I need a place to eat in the moderate price.|We have lots of options in that price range. Is there a particular type of food you're interested in?
I would love to find a place that serves Irish food!|I don't have any Irish places listed.  Is there another type of food you would like to try?
How about international food?|Yes, I would recommend Bloomsbury Restaurant.  Would you like some information on it?
Please book a table for 7 at 15:30 on Wednesday and provide the reference number. I also need a train leaving Thursday and arrive by 13:15.|The restaurant booking number is 47559FUX, as far as the train, where is your destination?
i want to go from cambridge to london kings cross.|TR3433 will get you to London Kings Cross at 11:51. Would you like me to book passage, or would you like additional information?
please make a booking for the same group of people.|What day shall I book your train ticket?
Thursday and for 7 people, I will also need to reference number.|The reference number for your train reservation is TR3433.  Is there anything else I can help you with?
That will be all for today! Thanks for your help!|Not a problem. Thank you for choosing us for your needs!
I'm looking for info about the curry king restaurant.|It is in the centre of town, the expensive price range, their phone number is 01223324351and they are at 5 Jordans Yard Bridge Street City Centre
Can you please book the restaurant for 4 people at 13:45 on sunday?|I have book a table for four at Curry King for Sunday at 13:45. The reference number is 16LCXAD5. Can I help with anything else?
I also need a sports place to go on the east side of town.|The cherry hinton village centre is a multiple sports location.
Great. May I have their postcode please?|Yes, the postcode for the cherry hinton village centre is cb19ej for more infomation about the facility their number is 01223576412.  May I help you with anything else?
That is all I need for now.  Thank you for your help.|You're welcome. Goodbye.
I would like a restaurant in the south part of town that serves jamaican food|There are no restuarants on the West side of town the serves Jamaican food. Is there another type of food you woluld like?
How about chinese food?|Peking restaurant serves Chinese food, it is in the expensive price range, and it is in the south part of town. Would you like the address and phone number?
Just their address, please.|The Peking restaurant is at 10 Homerton Street City Centre.  Can I be of further help?
No thank you. Goodbye.|Thank you, goodbye.
Hello. I've been recommended a restaurant called The Missing Sock. Can you direct me to where it is located?|Sure, they server international food and are located at 	Finders Corner Newmarket Road. Would also like their phone number?
I need to call to book a reservation, so that would be great.|Sure thing. What day and time would you like for your reservation, and for how many people?
The reservation will be for Sunday at 18:00 for 7 people.  If 18:00 is not available please try 17:00 and provide me with a reference number.|I was able to get you a table at 17:00, reference number is SZGQO8JU. Since we were able to take care of your reservation do you still want the phone number?
I don't need it anymore. Can you look for a place to stay, please? I would like something in the north with 4 stars.|I have a few different options.  Do you need internet or parking?
Need a hotel in the North with a 4 star rating, should be a type of guesthouse with free parking, please.|The Kirkwood House is beautiful and meets your requirements.  Would you like me to reserve a room for you?
Yes, this sounds ideal. I need an address|The address is 172 chesterton road.
And would it be possible to get a taxi from the Kirkwood to the restaurant?|I have booked you a yellow volkswagen with contact number 07858089421
ok, that's all I needed, thank you so much!|You're very welcome!  I hope that you enjoy your time here!  Thank you for contacting Cambridge TownInfo centre.
I would like a restaurant in the south part of town that serves christmas food|I'm sorry but there are no restaurants serving Christmas food. Can I find anything else?
How about Chinese food?|There are three restaurants in the south part of town that serve Chinese food. What price range would you like?
i dont care|I would recommend peking restaurant, which is a nice restaurant in the south .
can i have the address of them, also the price range ?|peking restaurant is expensive, its location is at 10 Homerton Street City Centre.
thank you good bye|enjoy your meal, goodbye.
I want to find a restaurant in the centre part of town and serves australasian food.|i'm sorry, but I cannot find any restuarant serving australasian food . Can i help you find something else ?
how about international type of food ?|Bloomsbury Restaurant serves International food and is in the centre part of town. It has a moderate price range and the phone number is 0871 942 9180
I need a train to Broxbourne, that arrives by 20:30.|Certainly. Can I assume you're leaving from Cambridge?
Yes, that is correct.|There is a train leaving at 5:01, would you like a seat?
Is that leaving on Sunday?|I have the TR8991 leaving at 19:01 and arriving by 20:01. Would you like me to book that for you?
Not yet but I also need a restaurant that serve mediterranean food and should be in the centre of town.|I have a few restaurants that fit your criteria. The Gardenia, La Mimosa, and Shiraz Restaurant. Which one are you interested in hearing about?
Tell me about The Gardenia.|It's a cheap restaurant located at 2 Rose Crescent City Centre. Phone number and postcode are 01223356354 and cb23ll. Do you need anything else?
No, that's it for now. Thanks for your help.|You're welcome. Have a wonderful day!
I'm looking for a cheap restaurant that serves portugese food.|I have 2, one in the south and one in the centre of town. Both are cheap and serve portuguese food.
Could you book a reservation for me? I would like a reservation for 6 people at 14:00 on Wednesday. May I also have the reference number?|I have reserved your table. Your reference number is TRQQXOBM.
Thanks for that, I am also looking for a train that should arrive by 14:15 and should leave on Thursday.|Where are you traveling to and from?
I am traveling from Cambridge to Peterborough.|We have many trains that fit your needs. The latest one you could take would be the TR9792 which would have you arriving at 13:56.
OK, thanks. When does that train depart?|The train departs Cambridge at 13:06.
Thank you. Can you please book that train for me?|Yes, of course. How many tickets would you like booked?
I need 6 tickets.|Booking was successful for TR9792, the total fee is 99 GBP payable at the station. Your reference number is : BKXNWE2O.  Do you need any further assistance?
No, I think that's all I need today. Thank you for your help!|Okay great. enjoy your travel and thank you for calling.
Thank you.|Thank you for using this system.
restaurant on the south side please|Would you be interested in a wonderful Indian restaurant called Tandoori Palace?
No actually, can you suggest me some kosher places?|There are no kosher restaurants in that area. Would you like to search another area or food type?
A portuguese restaurant might be nice.|there is ali baba at 59 Hills Road City Centre, phone number is 01462 432565.
I would like a traditional food restaurant.|What price range do you have in mind?
I don't care.|No matching records were found. Can you be more specific?
How about vietnamese food?|Thanh Binh serves Vietnamese food and is located in the west part of town.  Would you like more info on it?
Yes.  I would like their address and phone number, please.|Thanh binh's address is 17 Magdalene Street City Centre and their phone number is 01223 362456.
and also postcode please?|Their postcode is C.B 2, 1 U.J.
Thank you for your help. Goodbye!|You're welcome and do call us again! Goodbye.
What can you dig up about the pizza express Fen Ditton?|Pizza Express Fen Ditton is an Italian restaurant in the centre of town in the moderate price range. Would you like more information?
That's good, thanks. Could you book me a table for 3 on Wednesday at 15:15?|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : XIPJJBZO.
Thank you for your help.|is there anything else i can help you with ?
Yes please. I'm also looking for a train from london kings cross on that same day.|There are actually 5 trains available that day. They are every other hour beginning at 5:17 and ending at 23:17. Would you like book one of these trips?
book one that arrives by 10:15 and goes to cambridge|TR3810 is your best bet. How many tickets will you be needing?
I will need 3 tickets.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 70.8 GBP payable at the station .
Reference number is : I4WFZDED.  What else can I help you with today?
Great, what is the departure time for this train?|The departure time is 9:17.
Thanks - that's all I needed today. Goodbye!|You are very welcome. Have a great day.
I am hoping you can help me find a train departing from Cambridge on Saturday.|There are over 200 trains available, do you have a specific destination in mind or a time you'd like to leave by?
I would like to leave on saturday around 13:15 going to london liverpool street.|There are 6 trains that meet your requirements, the closest in time being the TR4466. It leaves at 13:59. Would you like to book a ticket?
Yes, can you book spots on that for 5 people and give me the reference number please?|Sure thing! You are booked with reference number 8V36RBY3. The total is 66.39 payable at the station.
Thanks. I'm also looking for a restaurant in the centre that serves european food.|I have many. What price range would you prefer?
I don't have one, could you recommend me a good place?|I would recommend Galleria, they have excellent food. Would you like me to book a table?
Maybe. What is the price range?|The galleria is a moderate priced restaurant. Would you like me to make a booking for you today?
No, I'm sure they'll have tables if I just walk in. Can you give me their address and postcode?|Their address is 33 Bridge Street and their postcode is cb21uw. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No thanks. I need to go. Have a good day. Bye.|It was a pleasure helping you today. Have a great trip!
Please help me find a train which will arrive in Cambridge on Monday.|Where would you be departing from and what time would you like to travel?
I am travelling from Kings Lynn after 11:30|I recommend TR5091 for the quickest travel after 1130. Can I book this trip for you?
I want to book for 2 people.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 19.6 GBP payable at the station .
Reference number is : VC9DZEG8.  Is there anything else I can help with today?
Yes, actually. Can you tell me about City Stop Restaurant?|Well, they serve european food and are located in the north. The price range is on the expensive side. Would you like me to book a reservation for you?
What area is it located in please?|City Stop Restaurant is in the North area?
Ok, thank you!|Would you like me to make a reservation for you at city stop restaurant? Just tell me how many are in your party, and what day and time.
No thanks I just needed to know the area, thank you for your help.|Is there anything else you need help with today?
No, that is all I need help with. Thank you very much!|Thank You. Goodbye
Hi, I'm trying to find a restaurant called HK Fusion. What info can you get me for that?|HK Fusion is a Chinese restuarant located in the centre of town, at 21 Burleigh Street City Centre.
What is the phone number and food type?|It's a chinese restaurant, and the phone number is 01223355909. May I help with anything else?
No I think that's all I need to know. Thanks for the help.|Thank you for using our service. Have all of your needs been met?
Yes, and then some! Thanks so much.|That's great.  Glad we could help!  Goodbye.
I am looking for a place to dine in Cambridge.|can please provide more information to help us serve you better.
Well, I like Mexican food, and will be staying in the south part of town.|Chiquito Restaurant Bar is a great restaurant in the south. Would you like a reservation?
Yes, can you reserve a table for 7 people on wednesday at 17:15? Can you send me the reference number for the reservation?|Sure, give me one moment to book it for you.
Can you also help me find a hotel in the same area of town?|Rosa's Bed and Breakfast is a four star guesthouse with internet and parking.
No, I'm looking for a hotel. It should be the same price range as the restaurant.|The Lensfield Hotel is a great option in the south. Would you like to make a booking?
Yes please for 2 nights for 7 people for Wednesday.|I will work on booking this and be right back with you.
I need the reference number?|Booking for Chiquito Restaurant Bar. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : Q96J0YHE. Lensfield Hotel booking complete, reference number  : 2JQ95YF9. Anything else today?
No that's everything I needed, thank you!|happy to help. goodbye.
Please find a cheap restaurant that serves Indian food.|I have a few cheap ones listed but Ill give you my favorite, which is royal spice.
What are of town is that in? I really want to stay in the centre of town to be close to the attractions.|In that case I would recommend kohinoor. Would you like me to make a reservation?
No thank you that will be all|Is there anything else I can do? Perhaps find a great attraction for you to visit while you're in town?
On second thought, I need a reservation for 5 at 12:15 on Sunday and the reference number. Also information on a place called Vue Cinema.|Your table has been reserved. Please be on time as they can only hold it for 15 minutes. Your reservation number is YFIORWEK. Vue Cinema is a cinema in the centre.
What is the post code for the cinema?|The postcode is cb11ps.
I need a cab to the restaurant by the booking time, contact # and car type so I don't get into someone else's car!|sure, where will you be departing from to get to the restaurant?
I'll need a car from the Vue Cinema. I wouldn't want to be late for my reservation.|I've got a car booked for you, a blue BMW. The contact number is 07103963955
Great that's all I needed today thanks.|Do you need anything else.
No, I think I'm all set.  Thank you for all your help!|You're welcome! Have a great day!
I would like a moderate european place to eat.|I have found 5 restaurants that match what you're looking for. Would you like me to go through them?
Yes please go through them.|The first restaurant is the hotel du vin and bistro. Then there is the galleria, restaurant alimentum, de luca cucina and bar, and riverside brasserie.  Which one would you prefer?
I am not sure but I need to make the reservation for 8 people at 16:30 on Saturday.|I made a reservation at De Luca Cucina and Bar. The reference number 0PLZ0ISE.
Great, thanks! That's all for now. Bye!|Enjoy your meal.
Can you recommend me a restaurant in the expensive priced range located in the east part of town?|how about grafton hotel restaurant, it serves british.
No I am not interested in British right now, do you have any other listings?|There are four more results. What type of food are you interested in?
I don't care.|Pipasha restaurant is in the expensive price range and in the east part of town. They serve Indian food.
Great! Can you please let me know their contact number?|You can reach Pipasha restaurant at 01223 577786.
Thank you.|Is there anything else I can help you find today?
Thank you goodbye.|Thank you for using the Cambridge restaurant system. Goodbye.
Hello, I'd like some information on a restaurant today.|I am here to help, should I run a search or do you already have a place in mind?
Yes, I would like somewhere that serves mediterranean cuisine and is located in the centre.|Okay, there are a few options. What is your price range?
I don't have a particular price range in mind but would prefer something in the mid to low range|The gardenia is cheap, can I book you or provide some info?
What is the phone number and postcode for The Gardenia? I also need help finding a train leaving from Norwich on Wednesday.|01223356354. Is there anything else?
I just need the reference number, please.|If you would like me to make you a reservation I will need to know what time you would like to dine and for how many people.
What is the post code and price range for that place to eat?|cb23ll, it is in the cheap range.
Thanks, and I'll need 2 tickets on a train. I'll be heading from Norwich to Cambridge on Friday, and I need to arrive by 09:00.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 35.2 GBP payable at the station .Reference number is : T2N33CQB.
Would you like to make a reservation for the restaurant?|Haha, that is funny. I am the clerk so why would I need a reservation. But, is there anything else I can help you with? A restaurant possibly?
No, that's all I need today. Thank you so much.|Glad I could be of help. Have a great day!
I need to take a train to here from Broxbourne, this will be on saturday.|I have 19 trains from Cambridge to Broxbourne on Saturday. What time are you wanting to arrive by?
The train should leave after 08:00|how about train 1997? It leaves at 09:01.
Oh, I am so sorry. I will be leaving Broxbourne, not Cambridge.|No problem!  What time would you like to leeave by?
I want to leave after 8:00, please.|TR9384 leaves Broxbourne at 8:32.
That would be great. Can you book me for 8 tickets?|Your Booking was successful, the total fee is 114.56 GBP payable at the station .   The Reference number is EFGWY22I.  Can I assist with anything else.
I am also looking for a restaurant. The restaurant should be in the centre and should be in the expensive price range.|Did you have a specific kind of food in mind?
Yes, hopefully Korean.  I love it.|I can recommend little Seoul.
Sounds great can I get the address?|The address for Little Seoul is 108 Regent Street City Centre
No thank you that will be all|You're welcome, have a great day!
Can you find me restaurant with moderate prices that serves north indian cuisine?|I'm sorry, nothing is coming up for that particular type of restaurant. Is there any other specifics you may like?
How about one that serves modern european food?|There are 3 restaurants serving modern european food, would you prefer one on the south side or town centre?
It does not matter, I just need one available for 7 people at 18:15 on thursday|I have made a reservation at restaurant alimentum for you. Your table will be reserved for 15 minutes. The address is 152 - 154 Hills Road.
I also need the reference number please.|The reference number is DVDLH9NK. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, I also need a guesthouse hotel with moderate prices in the centre. I don't need free parking.|Unfortunately I could not find any guesthouses meeting those requirements.
How about a hotel type?|Cityroomz is the only place that matches your criteria.
How many stars is Cityroomz?|It has a zero star rating, is this ok?
That is fine. Do they have internet?|Yes, Cityroomz has internet. Would you like to book it?
Not yet. I would like you to book a taxi for me between my hotel and restaurant. I will need the car type and contact number.|Before I can book your taxi, what time are you wanting to leave or arrive by?
I just want to be sure it arrives by the booked time at the restaurant.|Booked. Your car type is white skoda and contact number is 07075801794
Thank you very much for your help! That was everything I needed.|Fantastic. Enjoy your trip!
Can you tell me about any cheap priced italian restaurants in cambridge?|i got a variety. which is your prefered location?
I'd like a place in the centre.|I have Pizza Hut City Centre, Ask, and Zizzi Cambridge. Which would you prefer?
Zizzi please, can you book me for 6 people on saturday at 16:15?|Yes that booking was successful and your reference number is 10TULA8Z.
Thanks! I also need to find a cheap hotel.|I found The Cambridge Belfry.  It is cheap but well valued.
Does it have free wifi?|Yes, it has free wifi. Would you like me to book it?
Yes and I need the reference number. Also I need a taxi to arrive at the restaurant on time. I would like the number and car type please.|Let's finish booking the cambridge belfry first. How many people are going to stay?
There will be 6 people staying for two nights.|What day would you be arriving?
We need to check in on Saturday.|The booking was successful for 2 nights at The Cambridge Belfry with check-in on Saturday. Reference number NCCFYY9W. Would you like to book that taxi now?
Yes, please.  I want to book if to get me to the restaurant on time.|You are all set the car type is a yellow honda and the contact number is 079969243265. Do you need anything else today?
I don't need anything else. Thank you, bye!|Have a great trip. Goodbye.
I am looking for a restaurant called Galleria.|I've found Galleria, it is located at 33 Bridge Street in town centre. Would you like to make a reservation?
Yes! I'd like a reservation for this Sunday at 16:45 for three people.|I'm sorry, but that time and day is unavailable. Would you like to try another day and/or time?
Would it be possible to book the same restaurant at 15:45?|I have made the reservation for 3 for Sunday at 15:45 at Galleria. Your reference number is DUY4H6WY. Is there anything else I can do for you?
Yes. I would also like to take a train on Sunday arriving by 09:45. Can you help me with that?|Where are you traveling to and from?
Departure is Peterborough and arrival is Cambridge.|There are 8 trains. The latest one that would get you there on time leaves at 8:48 and arrives 9:38. Would you like me to book a ticket for you?
Please give me travel time and the price, please.|The travel time is 50 minutes and it costs 13.20 pounds.
Thank you very much for all of your help.|Okay you are welcome! Thank you for calling.
I need a moderately priced restaurant in the south of Cambridge|I have two restaurants in the south. They serve italian or modern european.  Would you like information on either of those?
No, I was hoping to eat some South African food.|Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Sorry, not sure I follow.  Can you recommend a south african food restaurant?  Thanks.|Unfortunately there are no restaurants that serve South African food but I can look for other types of cuisines if you want.
Modern European will be fine.  Can you reserve a table at one please?|Yes, I will book you a table now.
Thank you. I need it for 4 people at 12:15 on Saturday|I was able to book a table for two at restaurant alimentum located in the south your reference number is 70K7T35N. Is there anything else I can help with?
No that will be all thank you.|Thank you for contacting us and have a nice day.
Can you help me find a cinema in the centre?|sure, there's a cineman called vue cinema
Great.  Can I get the phone number for the cinema?|The phone number for Vue Cinema is 08712240240 and they are in The Grafton Centre on East Road. Can I help you with anything else?
Thanks. I also need to find a place to dine, please.|What type of food would you like?
italian food, please|We have quite a few Italian restaurants all over town. Is there a particular part of town you want to stick to?
Yes, I'd like one that was in the centra as well.|We have 9 choices in the centre, any preference on price range?
Yes please; I'd greatly prefer the moderate price range as I'm on a bit of a budget.|pizza express would fit your needs, would you like to make a booking?
Yes, please book it for thursday at 18:30 for 4 people. I'll need the reference number as well please.|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Reference number is : 7LYLSH0V
i also need a taxi.|Where will you need the taxi to pick you up?
I need to be picked up at Vue Cinema.|And where will your destination be?
I need to get to Pizza Express for my 18:30 reservation, please.|Okay, you're all set with a taxi. It's going to be a black toyota and the contact number is 07976731692
You have been most helpful setting this up. Thank you. Goodbye.|Thank you for using our service today!
I am looking for an upscale Chinese food restaurant in Cambridge; can you make a recommendation?|Yu garden is in the expensive price range in the east part of town.
I need something in the Center of town.|There are four expensive Chinese restaurants in the centre of town. Would Ugly Duckling suit you?
That sounds fine.  Can you give me the address and phone number?|Yes Ugly Duckling would work. Would you please reserve it for me and send me the reference number? Thank you.
Yes, I know it would work, I am the one you asked, lol.  Can you just give me the address and phone number though?|Their address is  12 St. Johns Street City Centre.  Unfortunately their phone number is not available.
Thanks, I am also looking for somewhere to go in the centre area.|Castle Galleries is a museum in the centre and it's free. Would you like the address or another option?
Yes, I'd like the address please.|Their address is unit su43, grande arcade, saint andrews street and their postcode is cb23bj.
No that's all, thank you!|You're welcome, have a great day.
I am looking for a restaurant in the centre of town|There are 69 places to eat in Centre. Do you have a specific type of food or price range you are wanting?
I'm looking for European food.  This is a special dinner, so something expensive.|There are three restaurants in the centre that serve European food with an expensive price range.  Can I make a reservation for you at one of them?
book a table for 7 people at 14:45 on saturday, 
Make sure you get the reference number|There are three different places:  Eraina, Michaelhouse Cafe and Darrys Cookhouse and Wine Shop.  Which would you like me to book?
You can pick. I need reservations for 7 people on saturday at 14:45.|Eraina is perfect for your special dinner. Your table will be held for 15 minutes after your reserved time of 14:45. Your reference number is YQXGPLLY. Do you need anything else?
Great. I need to find a guesthouse that has free wifi and free parking, the better half is so cheap.|that's just fine, i actually have 21 options for you!
Can you please recommend one and book it for 4 nights?|arbury lodge guesthouse in the north is great. They are moderately priced, I can book you a room how many people are staying and when are you checking in?
The 7 of us will be arriving on Saturday and staying 4 nights.|The booking for 7 is entered under the reference number ZW3FVVQZ. May I help with anything else?
Yes, I need a taxi to commute between dinner and the hotel. Can you please help me with the contact number and car type?|I can go ahead and do that for you. What time will you be leaving the restaurant?
Actually, I need to go from the hotel to dinner. I want to arrive at the restaurant by 14:45.|I have you booked in a yellow Honda, you can contact them at 07910205264. Can I help you with anything else today?
That is all I need.|Thank you for contacting us today.  Have a nice day.
i want a reservation that has expensive price range and should be in the centre|I have 33 options for you, is there a particular cuisine that you are interested in?
i want british food|Fitzbillies restaurant serves british food in the centre area, would you like a reservation?
No that won't be necessary. I'll just need the phone and address please.|They're at 51 Trumpington Street City Centre, and their phone number is 01223352500. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, you were great.  Enjoy the rest of your day.|Thank you for using our services.
Hi, I'm looking for a moderately priced restaurant in the south part of town.|the pizza hut cherry hinton is moderately priced and in the south part of town.  Would you like their location?
Yes.  I would like the location and the phone number, please.|The address of Pizza Hut Cherry Hinton is G4 Cambridge Leisure Park Clifton Way Cherry Hinton and the phone number is 01223 323737.
Thank you goodbye.|Thank you and good bye.
Yes, I am looking forward to trying some local restaurants when I am there.  Can you help me find a place to dine?|What type of cuisine do you enjoy?
I enjoy Chinese food.|You have many choices for chinese in cambridge, any preference on price or area?
I would like that to be in a  expensive price range and should be in the centre.|I have three places fitting that. Shall I book one?
Yes. Wednesday. 6 people at 15:30.|Booking was successful at HK Fusion. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : 1ZF8E0IV. Anything else I can help with?
I'm also looking for a particular attraction. It's called Scudamores Punting Co. Could you give me their information?|Scudamores is a fun boat attraction in the center of town. They're located at Granta Place, Mill Lane, cb21rs. Can I help with anything else today?
Yes. Can I also have their phone number.|Sure.  You can phone at 01223359750.  What else can I help with?
That will be all, thank you.|I am glad I could help you, Thank you.
I need to find a moderately priced restaurant in the east part of town.|The Curry Prince is in the moderate price range, and it is on the east part of town.
Can you send me the address and the phone number of this restaurant?|Yes, the Curry Prince is located at 451 Newmarket Road Fen Ditton and their phone number is 01223 566388. Can I help you with anything else?
No, that will do it, thank you very much.|Thank you. Good bye
I am looking for a restaurant in the centre of town serving italian food.|There are 9 available. What price range do you prefer?
II'd like a moderately priced place.|There are two in that price range. I suggest Pizza Express!
That sounds good enough.  What's the address there?|The address is Regent Street City Centre. Would you like me to book a table?
No, I just needed to know where it was. Thank you.|Awesome. Take care!
I am looking for a place to dine. The restaurant should serve african food and should be in the centre|There is one African restuarant in the Center. It is named Bedouin, and is expensive. Their phone number is 01223367660. Would you like me to book for you?
First, what is the address please?|bedouin 100 Mill Road City Centre
Thanks, what's the price range and phone number?|It's an expensive restaurant and the number is 01223367660.
thanks for your help|Thank you goodbye.
I am looking for colleges to visit in town while I am visiting. Can you help me with that?|We have listings for several colleges. What area would you like to visit?
I would welcome a recommendation from you. Please provide me with their entrance fee.|Christ's college is free.
Can you give me the address for that college?|their address is 	saint andrew's street
I am also looking for a particular restaurant,the Cow Pizza Kitchen and Bar.|Sure I've found them, would you like me to make a reservation?
What type of cuisine is it? Can I also get a price and phone number?|It is a gastro pub with a moderate price range. Their phone number is 01223308871. Is there anything else I can do for you?
nope that's it thanks|Have a great visit!
Id like to eat at an expensive Indian place, know any?|There are many to choose from,can I get what area you would like the restaurant to be at to narrow it down?
How about in the city centre?|There are 6 Indian restaurants that fit this. Would you like me to book one for you?
Yes, which of them have the best reviews?|I am sorry I cannot see the reviews. I can give you their phone numbers and you may call them if you like.
Can you see which ones have availability Sunday at 19:15 for 2 people?|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Reference number is : K3EBX9QT. The booking is at the Golden Curry. Need anything else?
Nope, that would be it. Thanks for all the help, have a nice day!|Thank you for using Cambridge TownInfo centre.
Is there a cheap place in the north part of town?|There are two restaurants that meet your specification. One is Italian and the other is Indian. Which would you prefer?
Italian, please. Can you give me the address?|da vinci pizzeria is in the north part of town their address is 20 Milton Road Chesterton.
What is the phone number please?|da vinci pizzeria's phone number is 01223351707. Can I help you with anything else?
No that will be it.  Thank you|You're welcome. Goodbye.
I am planning a trip to Cambridge|Excellent! Do you need assistance with transportation?
Im looking for food its name is called golden wok, can you get me address, postcode, and phone number|Sure! Golden Wok is located at 191 Histon Road Chesterton. Their postcode is cb43hl. You can reach them at 01223350688. Anything else I can help with?
I also looking for a train. The train should depart from kings lynn and should leave on thursday|OK, and where will you be traveling to?
to cambridge and should arrive by 09:00|great, the TR8705 can get you there by 8:58. would you like tickets?
Not yet. What time does TR8705 leave Kings Lynn? And what do the tickets cost?|It leave kings lynn at 08:11 and the tickets are 9.80 pounds per ticket. Would you like me to book you tickets?
No I don't need you to book it.|Ok is there anything else I can help you with ?
No, that's all at this time. Thank you.|I hope you have a pleasant trip!
I need a moderately prices two start hotel in the north with wifi. Can you help?|Would you need parking?
No. I just misspoke. I'm looking for a moderately priced Spanish restaurant.|How about La Tasca that serves spanish food and is in the moderate price range located in the centre of town?
I would like a table on Sunday.|I will book it for you,is there anything else I can do for you ?
Yes. I need the reference number and would like to know of some places to visit in the same area.|What time would you like your reservation for and for how many people? We will work on your attraction once we get the restaurant booked.
12:15 on Sunday for 2 people.|Booking at La Tasca was successful. Your reference number is XV1087FK. What type of attraction are you interested in?
I don't need an attraction.  I am done for now.  Thank you.|Okay, have a great time during your stay!
I'm looking for a cheap restaurant in the south part of town.|Nandos is a Portuguese restaurant in the south of town and is in the cheap price range.
Can I have the address and phone number?|The address is 3-34 Saint Andrews Street, and the phone number is 01223 327908. Do you need anything else?
No, thank you goodbye|Have a wonderful day and enjoy your food.
I need a place to eat with a moderate price.|Sure.  Do you have any preferences as far as area of the city or cuisine type?
I really need it to be moderate in price and located in Centre please.|There are 21 moderately priced restaurants in the centre. Would British food interest you?
Yes, if you could get me the phone number and postcode, that would be nice.|Restaurant one seven postcode is cb21ab and phone is 01223337766.  Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, I'm also still looking for a hotel. Some kind of guesthouse, maybe? Although I do need access to parking and wifi.|Alexander Bed and Breakfast is in the centre near the restaurant, it is 4 stars and in the cheap price range.  They offer both internet and wifi.
that's cool, but how about something more moderately priced?|There is nothing matching that criteria in the moderate price range in the centre. Is it possible to modify your criteria?
The guest house does not need to be in the centre. Which part part of my criteria needs to be modified?|How about acorn guest house? It's in the north.
That sounds good, can I get a room for 4 people for 2 nights starting friday?|Okay, here we go.  The Booking was successful.  The reference number is RRET7JGM.  Will that be all?
Yes thank you, thats all I need today.|You're welcome.  Have a wonderful trip.
I need a restaurant. I've heard Nandos recommended, could you give me more information about it?|Nandos, a portugese restaurant, is located at Cambridge Leisure Park Clifton Way
What is the phone number?|The phone number for nandos south is 01223327908. Can I help you with anything else today?
No that takes care of it|Have a good day!
What sort of entertainment is available on the east side of town?|Cherry hinton hall and grounds is available, would you like to try that?
Yes! Can you give me the postcode?|Their postcode is cb18dw. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I also need a place to eat around the same area, for a moderate price.|If you like Italian, I suggest Pizza Hut Fen Ditton.  Would you like me to book you a table?
I am actually looking for irish food.|I don't have anything in the east side that serves Irish food. Can I try something else?
Can you try italian food?|I would recommend the PIzza Hut Fen Ditton for you. Would you like me to book you a table there?
Yes. Please book for 5 people on Sunday at 19:00.|Pizza Hut Fen Ditton, 5 people Sunday at 19:00. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Your reference number is:  IFRHVXZ2.
I'm trying to find information on a particular restaurant, it is called la margherita.|La Margherita is in the west, cheaply priced, located at 15 Magdalene Street City Centre, and can be reached at 01223315232.
What kind of food do they serve there?|It appears they serve Italian food.  Would you like me to book you a table?
No, that is all I need. Thank you.|You're more than welcome!
I am looking for a train from stevenage. It should arrive by 10:30.|I'm happy to help. Can you tell me what day you are traveling?
I will be traveling to cambridge on monday.|TR2494 will leave at 7:54 and arrive by 8:43. Would you be interested in booking this train?
No thank you. I'd like to know the travel time, please?|The travel time is 49 minutes.
Great I'm also looking to get some restaurant information on one named for charlie chan|Okay.  Charlie Chan is a cheaply-priced Chinese restaurant located in the centre area of town.  Would you like to make a reservation?
Yes please. Kindly book for a table for 2 people for same Monday by 20:30.|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : 1NT8AZ1Z.
Thanks for your help.|Is there anything else I can help you with?
That is all, have a good day.|welcome and gooday too
Thank you, you as well!|Enjoy your visit
Hello! I would like to go to a restaurant in the east, please.|There are nine restaurants in the east. Do you want a certain price range?
Moderate price please|I have two Indian Restaurants and one Italian restaurant. Do you have a preference?
I would like to try the Italian one. What is the restaurant's name, please?|It is Pizza Hut Fen Ditton.
Can i get the address, postcode too, please?|The address is Cambridge Retail Park Newmarket Road Fen Ditton, postcode cb58wr. Anything else?
Thanks a lot that would be all.|You are welcome, enjoy your stay in Cambridge.
I want your most expensive restaurant in the south town.|There are five restaurants that are in the south part of town and in the expensive price range. What type of food would you like?
I don't care|Chiquito restaurant bar is a nice restaurant that serves Mexican food in the expensive price range and is in the South part of town.
Ok, can you tell me the other restaurants?|Yes, there are four other restaurants that meet your criteria. There is frankie and bennys, peking restaurant, taj tandoori, and the good luck chinese food takeaway.
Great! can you please tell me the address and the phone number of frankie and bennys?|The address is Cambridge Leisure Park Clifton Way Cherry Hinton and the phone number is 01223 412430.
Thank you, goodbye.|Thank you, goodbye.
I'm looking for places to go in the centre area.|I have 44 places to go in centre. What type of place are you looking for?
I am looking for a college with free admission.|I would recommend Christ's College. It is a wonderful campus. They do offer free entrance also. Any other info I can provide you with?
Can I get the phone number and address for the College?|Yes, the address is saint andrew's street and the phone number is 01223334900.  Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
Yes actually.  I need to find a place to dine in the same area as the college is in hopefully.  Are there Italian places near there?|Yes, there are 9 restaurants. What is your price range?
I need a cheap price range for three people|I recommend Zizzi Cambridge. Would you like to book a table?
What day and time would you like for your reservation?|I need to meet my friends there by 5 pm
I am  traveling to Cambridge and looking forward to try local restaurants.|We have over 100 restaurants to choose from. Do you have a food preference?
No, not really, but it's nice to know I have a lot of choices. I'm also looking into booking a train to Cambridge.|I can help you with train information into Cambridge. Where are you departing from?
I'm leaving from Stansted airport. I need to leave after 10:15 on Wednesday.|We have a train leaving at 10:24. Would you like to book tickets?
Yes, please, I need 7 tickets.|Your reservation for 7 tickets on the TR0467 train was successful. Your Reference number is : HDT6N9D9.
Thank you for your help.|Your reservation for 7 tickets on the TR0467 train was successful. Your Reference number is HDT6N9D9  Anything else I can help you with ?
Thanks! I am looking for a restaurant called travellers rest. I want to make a reservation there|I can help you with that, however I need to know what day and time, as well as how many people will be in your party.
It should be for wednesday at 17:45 and 7 people please|Your booking was successful and your reference number is 79UL6EX4.
Thank you so very much.|No problem, may I assist with anything else?
That is all for now. Thanks!|You're very welcome and we hope you enjoy your stay.
What kind of cool attractions to we have in town? Maybe in the water.|I have 4 swimming pools in town if you are interested in that? I have 2 in the north, 1 in the east, and 1 in the centre.
I would like to the information for the one east.|The abbey pool and astroturf pitch is located in the East at pool way, whitehill road, off newmarket road. Their phone number is 01223902088. Would you like to know anything else?
I am actually looking for a boat attraction in the north, not a swimming pool.|riverboat georgina	is in the north. do you want their information?
Can I get their postcode please? I also am looking for a good restaurant in town.|Their postcode is cb43ax.  Can I help you with anything else?
Yes I would like to find a restaurant that serves German food that is expensive.|Sorry, no matches. Is there another food you want to try?
What about British food?|There are 5 British restaurants that meet your needs. Would you prefer the centre, west, or east part of town?
Anywhere that you recommend will be great.|Fitzbillies is a great British restaurant in the centre of town.  Would you like me to reserve a table for you?
Yes, please. I would like it to be for 4 people at 14:15 on Saturday.|The booking was successful. Your table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Your reference number is 6S09L48Q. Can I help you with anything else?
I also need a taxi between the two locations and need to get to the restaurant by 14:15|I've booked a taxi for you.  You should arrive at the restaurant by 14:15. The contact number is 07165032687. How else can I help you today?
Can you let me know the type of car?|It'll be a white tesla.  Is there anything else I can help you with?
No. that is all for now.|Wonderful, glad I could be of assistance. Have a great day!
Can you give me some information on the Bloomsbury Restaurant?|Absolutely! It is a great international restaurant located in the centre of town. It is moderately priced. They are located at Crowne Plaza Hotel 20 Downing Street.
Perfect. Can I get a confirmed table for 2 at 16:15 on Wednesday? I'll need some sort of reference number too please.|Yes great! Your reservation was successful and the reservation number is 5G377MJC.
fantastic. i also want to check out some nightclubs in town.|I have 5 nightclubs in the centre area and 1 in the south. Do you have any other preferences?
It needs to be in the Centre area, please.|I have five in the centre. Would you like more info on any of them?
i need phone number of either and a taxi to commute between the two places|The phone number of club salsa is 07782218745.  What time do you need a taxi from?
Can I also have the address of the nightclub?|The address for Club Salsa is 1 Station Road. I can certainly book a taxi for you from Bloomsbury Restaurant to Club Salsa, when would you like it to arrive?
Great, thanks. I need a cab to get me to and from by the booked time. I also need the contact # & car type too please|I have booked your taxi. Be expecting a red Skoda. If you need to reach them, please call 07846707266.
Ok, that's all I needed, thanks!|Have a wonderful time during your stay at Cambridge.
Are there any sports related entertainment venues on the west side of Cambridge?|I have no entries for that area,would you like me to check another?
Can you look for a museum in that area?|sorrry i could not find a searching matching the same
You couldn't find a museum in the west area?|Sorry yes I did, would you prefer free or is a entrance fee okay?
Either a fee or not is fine it woes not matter.|I have the lynne strover gallery or kettle's yard in the west that is free.
What is the address for Lynne Strover?|The address is 23 high street, fen ditton.
Thank you, we will try there! Now I need help finding a restaurant that serves African food that is in the same location as the museum.|There are no results for that. Is there a different type of food you'd like to try in that area?
Is there a restaurant with my criteria that serves British food?|There are 3. Two are expensive and one is moderately priced. Which would you prefer?
It does not matter. Just make a recommendation and book a table for 4 people at 13:45 on Friday.|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Reference number is : VAGMWR8S.
Okay thanks. That's all for now. Bye.|Have a great day.  Goodbye.
Can you help me find some attractions in town?|Yes, I have many attractions available. What area of town would you like to be in?
Centre of town would be perfect.|I have 79 places in the centre. Is there a type you are interested in?
I would like Korean food and expensive. Can you send address?|little seoul is located at 108 Regent Street City Centre. anything else for you today?
Can we go back to finding an attraction please?  I need the address and the type. Anything in the centre area will work.|holy trinity church on market street is free to visit. People go there for the architecture.
Cool, thanks. Can you help me book a table at an expensive korean restaurant in the centre?|Yes, there is one option fitting your needs. It is little seoul. Do you want to book there?
Yes, for Saturday please.|I have begun your booking but need to know the time you would like to eat and how many people will be dining
book a table for 8 people at 18:15|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Reference number is : P0DZWOUT. May I help with anything else ?
Yes, I will need a taxi to get to the restaurant in time for that reservation.|Where will you be coming from?
I'll be leaving from Holy Trinity Church.|I have booked a white skoda for you. The contact number is 07599401475.
Thanks! I feel ready for my trip now. I appreciate the help. Goodbye|Thanks for contacting Cambridge TownInfo centre. Have a great trip.
Can you find a moderate price restaurant in the centre?|We have 21. What sort of cuisine would you like?
I would like to eat Chinese food, please.|There are three moderately priced Chinese restaurants in the Centre. Would you like me to recommend one?
Yes, please. Just go ahead and make a booking with your recommendation. I'll need a table on Sunday at 11:45. It will be 8 people.|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Reference number is : 9VDXYHIH.
OK, could you maybe tell me which restaurant the reservation is at?|Jingling Noodle Bar and phone is 01223566188
I am also looking for some where fun to go in the Centre of town as well.|Thee are 5 places in the centre that people visit for their architecture - would that be fun for you? For example, you could go to see holy trinity church for free.
That sounds great. Could I get the phone number and post code please?|Yes, holy trinity church can be reached at 01223355397 and the postcode is cb23nz
No thank you. You have been a great help.|Is there anything else I can assist you with?
No that would be fine. Thank you.|Thank you for using our services.
Hello!  I'm looking for a moderately priced restaurant in the centre.|There are several options available. Would you be willing to give me more information on what kind of food you are looking for?
I want asian oriental food.|Sure, we have yippee noodle bar in the town centre. Shall I book a table?
Is the Yippee Noodle Bar moderately priced?|Yes it is moderately priced.
That sounds perfect. I don't need a reservation right now, but could you give me the address, phone number, and postcode, please?|Sure thing. The address is 40428 King Street City Centre, postcode cb11lh, and the phone number is 01223518111. Can I help you find anything else?
No, I'm all set. Thanks for your help!|I'm glad we were able to help you today. Have a wonderful weekend!
I'm looking for a moderately priced place to eat in the North please|There's a restaurant that serves chinese and a restaurant that serves indian food. Will one of those work for you?
I would prefer the Indian restaurant please.|Okay. Would you like for me to make a reservation there?
Yes. Can you book for 8 people at 19:15 on Monday?|Ok, you're booked, the table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : 7Y3YQNNR.
I also need to get a train.|Alright when would you like to leave by?
I want the train from birmingham new street to arrive in cambridge by 09:30. I plan to travel on monday. Please provide me with the travel time for this trip|There are 4 options. The travel time for each trip is 163 minutes.
Get the earliest one, please.|The earliest train leaves at 05:40 and arrives 08:23. The price is 75.10 pounds and travel time 163 minutes. Do you want to book, and if so for how many people?
Yes I would like to book, for 8 people.|Okay, it is booked. Reference number is VSTQEJ0S
Thank you for all of your help!|Thanks, have a great trip!
I am looking for a moderately priced restaurant in the north part of town, what do you have available?|I show two restaurants that fit your criteria. One is chinese and one is indian. Which one would you like to find out more about?
Please tell me the address and phone number of the indian restaurant|The Nirala is located at 7 Milton Road Chesterton and can be reached at 01223 360966. Will that be all or can I assist you further?
That's all I need, thank you.  Goodbye!|Thank you for choosing our system. Good bye
I'd like to find a moderately priced place located in the north part of town.|Golden wok is a chinese restaurant in the north part of town in the moderate price range.
I'd like to have their phone number and address.|their phone number is 01223 350688 and their address is 191 Histon Road Chesterton
Thank you. Goodbye.|thank you goodbye
Hi! I am looking for a nice place for dinner. I would like something in the centre that's expensive.|I have many options for you. So what type of food are you in the mood for?
What would you suggest? I need a reservation for 6 at 12:00 on thursday and I'll need the reference number then too please.|You don't have any more specifications? Bedouin is quite nice, it serves african food. Would you like a table here?
Yes, please. I also want to find a museum in town.|There are over 11 options for a museum. May I suggest broughton house gallery?
Sure. Can I have the phone number and address?|Sure the number is 01223314960 and the address is 98 king street.
Thank you so much! I appreciate your time, that is all the help I need today.|It was a pleasure to assist you. Take care. Good day.
I'd like to find a Thai restaurant in the center.|I have one entry for bangkok city would you like more information?
Yes, please. Is it expensive?|It is expensive. Do you need something less expensive?
No, that is perfect. I would like to book a table for 5 people on Wednesday at 11:00.|The booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Your reference number is : 23DPN5A7.  Is there anything else I can do to assist you?
I also need a place to stay|Okay. What area are you interested in and what is your desired price-range?
I would like a 4 star guesthouse with free parking.|There are 16 four-star guesthouses with your requirements. Are you looking to stay in the centre of town?
In the Centre is fine. Can you please check to see if any offer internet?|I see one option here. It is alexander bed and breakfast. Would you like to book?
Does the hotel also offer internet?|Yes, alexander bed and breakfast has Internet. Do you want to book it?
I do not want to book it at this time.|Is there anything else I can help you with?
What is the address of the guesthouse?|yes sure its 56 saint barnabas road
I'll need a taxi to take me to bangkok city from the hotel and arrive by 11:00.|A grey lexus is booked for you. The contact number is 07699737690.
Thank you for all your help. Have a great day!!|You are welcome, enjoy your stay.
one in the East part of town|There are several restaurants in the east part of town.  Do you have a preference for the type of food or price range?
and serves irish style food please|I apologize, there are no restaurants in the east part of town that serve Irish food. Would you like to choose a different part of town or type of food?
Indian food in the east part of town would be good.|There are four restaurants in the east part of town that serve Indian food. What price range would you like?
It doesn't matter.|Curry Prince is an Indian restaurant located in the east part of town in the moderate price range.   Would you like any additional information?
May I have the phone number?|The phone number is 01223 566388.
What is the address?|curry prince is located at 451 newmarket road fen ditton. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Thank you goodbye.|Okay thank you
good bye|Good bye.
Hello, I'm looking for an Italian restaurant on the East side. Thank you!|I show one called the PIZZA HUT FEN DITTON that serves Italian style food and is located on the east side in the Cambridge Retail Park Newmarket Road Fen Ditton
Is this restaurant in the moderate price range?|It is listed in the moderate range.   Would you like to book a reservation?
Yes book a table for 8 on sunday at 19:30 please.|I'm sorry, we were not able to book a table at that restaurant. Would you like me to find another restaurant?
No I will call back thank you.|Let me know what else you need .
Can you find another restaurant int he same area and price range for me?|I was able to book rajmahal, reference number is KSFSKIC1
I did not say to book rajmahal.  What type of food does it serve?|They serve Indian food.
If there are not any Italian restaurants available in the area that are moderately priced, Rajmahal will be fine.|Your reservation is made. The number is KSFSKIC1.
Thank you for your help. Bye.|The address and phone for the Rajmahal is 7 Barnwell Road Fen Ditton cb58rg, 01223244955. Enjoy our city.
I hope to. Goodbye.|Have a nice day then!
I am looking for a gastropub in the centre of town. What do you have?|I see there are 3 restaurants serving gastropub in the centre. Do you have a specific pricerange you'd rather?
It's a special occasion, so let's go with something expensive.|Okay, I recommend the Backstreet Bistro. It's located at 2 Sturton Street City in the centre. Would you like me to book a reservation?
I need a table for 5 people.|I'll be happy to make your reservations.  What time would be a good time and how many people are we making a reservation for?
for 5, at 17:15 on Friday.|Booking was a success!  Your reference number is: 0WLY58QY and the table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Awesome, I'm also looking for a swimming pool to go to after the restaurant. Can you find one in the same area?|Parkside pools is in that same area.
That sounds great. Could you give me their number please?|Yes, it is 01223446100. Can I do anything else for you today?
That takes care of all my needs. Thanks a bunch!|Great, you are very welcome! Take care now!
I need to find a place to eat in Centre please.|Do you prefer african or asian cuisine?
I'm looking for an inexpensive Spanish restaurant.|La Raza seems to fit your needs, would you like to make a reservation?
Yes, a table for 6, Friday at 16:00.|I was able to book your party.  Your reference number is 30DJXAZC.  The table will be held for 15 minutes.  Is there anything else I can help with?
Yeah, can you recommend a place in the area?  Preferably something college related.|Downing college is an excellent option in the city centre.
Nice, in the same area as the restaurant I see.  What is the address with postcode?|Downing College is located on Regent Street, postcode cb21dq. Can I help you with anything further today?
One more question, is there an entrance fee?|There is no entrance fee.  The phone number is 01223334860 if you should have any other questions.  Can I assist further?
No that is all, you were wonderful.  Have a great day!!|I'm so happy that I could help you. Have a great time at dinner and the college!
I am looking for a restaurant in the center of town that serves European food.|eraina would fit the bill.
What is the address, phone number, and price range?|It's pretty expensive. It's at Free School Lane City Centre, and you can call them at 01223 368786. Anything else I can help you with?
No, that will be all. Thanks!|You're welcome!
Find a budget hotel with free parking in Cambridge.|There are 10 hotels that meet your needs. Would you like to narrow your search by area?
I would like it to have a four star rating and be located on the west side.|The Cambridge Belfry fits your requirements, would you like to book a reservation there?
Please book it for 5 people and 5 nights starting from wednesday.|Unfortunately the booking was unsuccessful. Can you book for another day or a shorter stay?
Let's try 4 nights only please and I'll need a reference number.|That works out perfectly. Your reference number is 72YCMLXX. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
I am also looking for a vietnamese place to dine in the same price range as the hotel.|I found Thanh Binh; would you like me to make you a reservation?
First, tell me how far away from the hotel this restaurant is.|It is also in the west side area, located at 17 Magdalene Street City Centre.  Would you like to make a reservation?
Yes I'd like to book for 5 at 13:00 on Wednesday as well. I will also need the reference number.|Great the reference is PDELCKQS. Thank you.
Thank You. That's all i need.|Have a good day, Goodbye
I'm looking for a place to go, can you help?|There are 79 attractions you can visit. Do you have location, type and price preference?
not as such. it should be affordable. that is it.|There are churches you can visit for free.
What about parks? Are there any free parks?|Sure!  I found 4 parks that are free to visit.  Is there an area that you prefer?
Are any of them in the East?|Yes Chery Hinto Water Play is in the East
How much does it cost to get in?|Cherry Hinton Water Play is free would you like the address?
Yes, I would love the address. Thank you!|The address for cherry hinton water play is cherry hinton hall, cherry hinton road, postal cb18dw, phone 01223446100, anything else that i can help with?
I would also like to find somewhere nice to eat.|There are 110 restaurants in cambridge. Do you have a preference for price, area, or food type?
I would prefer an east location and italian food would be lovely|Absolutely, I will take care of that for you right now.
I'm looking for a place serving spanish food somewhere in town.|There are two spanish restaurants, both of which are in the town center. La raza is rated cheap, la tasca is rated moderately priced. Please choose one of those options.
I don't have a preference, please make a suggestion.|la raza serves spanish food, is located in the centre part of town and is in the cheap price range.  Would you like more information for them?
I will go to La Tasca.  What is their phone number?|La Tasca's phone number is 01223 464630.
Thank you goodbye.|Thank you for choosing our system. Good bye
Hi, I'd like to find a cheap italian restaurant, please.|There are five cheap italian restaurants in town. Is there a particular area you prefer?
I prefer the north area of town.|Great, there is a cheap Italian place in the north part of town called Da Vinci Pizzeria. Would you like a reservation?
Yes, please make one for 7 people at 17:45 on Thursday.|I have your table reserved at the requested day and time. It will be held 15 minutes for you. The reference number is: UB24W3TP.
Sounds good. Could you also help me find a cinema in the same area?|I'm sorry. There are no cinemas in that part of town. Would you like to try a different type of attraction?
Darn! I really wanted to go to the cinema. Is there a park located in that area?|Yes, there is Milton Country Park in the north. It is free to enter.
Can I get their address please?|Absolutely. Their address is Milton Country Park, Milton. Is there anything more I can help you with?
what is the entrance fee?|Their fee is free. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I'd also like a taxi. I'd like to arrive to the restaurant by the booked time, please.|I have booked your ride, it's a yellow tesla and the contact number is 07623087287.
Thank you, you've been very helpful! That's all I'll need today!|Thank you for contacting Cambridge TownInfo centre. Goodbye!
I'm looking for a restaurant in centre.|I have a lot of restaurants in Centre, 69 in total! What type of food are you looking for?
I am really in the mood for Italian food tonight. Something expensive!|I have found 4 restaurants that fit that criteria. Might I suggest Caffe Uno?
Yes.  What is the address and phone number of that place?|The number is 01223448620 and it is located at 32 Bridge Street City Centre. Can I book if for you?
Not at this time. I also need a train going from Cambridge to Kings Lynn.|Did you have a time you want to leave?
I don't have a preference on what time to leave, however, I do need to be there by 08:00.|What day do you need the train on?
I'll be leaving on Monday.|So the TR2926 gets to kings lynn by 07:58 on Monday. It leaves cambridge at 07:11. fare is 9.80. would you like me to book tickets?
That would be excellent. Could you also give me the travel time once you book it for me?|The travel time is 47 minutes. Did you only need one ticket?
actually, i think i will book it later. thanks though. goodbye.|please contact us again in the future. goodbye.
What do we have in Cambridge as far as British food?|I do not see any British restaurants in Cambridge but there appear to be several nearby.
Since I am only worried about Cambridge, lets check again for moderate priced british restaurants in the centre area|I have 4 moderately priced British restaurants.  The Oak Bistro is really good, would you like a reservation?
Yes.  Please book it for 8 people on Monday at 16:45.|Yes your reservation was successful! Your reference number is SG2ICMM6.
I also need to get a train on the same day as the restaurant booking|I need to narrow this down a bit.  Where will you be departing from and where will be your destination?
i'm leaving from norwich and going to cambridge.|How about train TR1347 that leaves at 06:16?
Does it arrive by 10:45?|It arrives at 7:35.
Okay can I book that for 8 people?|Okay, your booking was successful! Your reference number is 70HPP0C2
That is all I need today. Thank you for your help!|OK, thank you for choosing to stay in Cambridge!
I'm looking for somewhere to eat, that's moderately priced and in the city centre.|I have 21 different choices- did you have a type of food in mind?
No, I don't, actually. Surprise me with the type of food and give me the restaurant's address.|The oak bistro is an excellent choice for british food. The address is 6 Lensfield Road.
Can you also tell me some places to go in the same area as the restaurant?|I have lots of attractions in the centre of town. Can you tell me what type of attraction you would be interested in?
It doesn't matter, anywhere will do. And can you get me the address?|The Cambridge Arts Theatre is a popular attraction in the city centre. Does that sound good to you?
Yes can I get their address please?|The address of the Cambridge Arts Theatre is 6 Saint Edward's Passage, postcode cb23pj.
I also need a taxi.|Where would you like to go and what time would you like to travel?
I want to leave the restaurant by 09:15. Please get me the contact number and car type.|Booking completed! The booked car type is a blue ford, and your contact number is 07629102425. Can I help you with anything else?
Thank you for everything, that is all that i need.|Thank you for contacting Cambridge TownInfo centre. Goodbye!
can i request a taxi from my hotel to the city center Chinese restaurant?|What is the name of the hotel you are staying at ?
Erm, nevermind, I need a nightclub in the centre of town.|There are five nightclubs in the centre of town: Ballare, Club Salsa, Kambar, Soul Tree Nightclub, and The Fez Club. Do you want to know more about any of them?
Yes, please. I need the address and postcode of the one you recommend.|Club Salsa is definately the place to be.  It is located at 1 station road, postcode: cb12jb.  Is there anything else I can help with?
Yes, I would also like to book a table at maharajah tandoori restaurant.|My pleasure, when would you like to dine at the maharajah tandoori restaurant?
I would love a reservation for Sunday for 2 people at 18:00.|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Reference number is : A5YKASS8.
Thank you so much, you've been very helpful.|You're welcome. Have a great day!
I need a train to arrive by 12:15 on saturday. Can you help me?|Wonderful, I can help you. Could you help me by telling me where you're departing from, and where you'd like to arrive?
I am leaving birmingham new street going to cambridge. I need a ticket that leaves on saturday and will get me there by 12:15, can you help?|The train closest to your requested arrival time is the TR4382. It departs Birmingham New Street at 08:40 and arrives in Cambridge at 11:23. Shall I book you a ticket?
I'm not ready to book, but appreciate the information.|No problem at all!  Is there anything more I can help you with today?
Yes I would also like to find a place to dine  that serves italian food and should be in the centre of town.|I can help you with that.  What price range are you looking for?
It should be in the expensive price range.|There are 4 in the area I recommend Stazione Restaurant and coffee bar.
yes, that's fine.  Can I have the address please?|Yes, the address is Market Hill City Centre.
Perfect, that is all I need for right now.  Thank you for all of your help!  Goodbye.|You are very welcome!  Thank you for reaching out to the Cambridge TownInfo centre.  I hope you enjoy your stay!
I am looking for a restaurant in the north that is in the cheap price range.|Would you prefer Indian, or Italian?
Actually I had Japanese in mind.|There are no Japanese restaurants in the cheap price range in the north part of town. Should I check another part of town?
Okay, how about Italian instead?|Da Vinci Pizzaria matches your criteria. Would you like to book a table?
No, but could you give me the postcode?|The postcode is cb41jy. Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
Could you see if there's a swimming pool in the north area, as well?|There are two swimming pools in the north area. The Jesus Green outdoor pool, and the Kings Hedges learner pool. Would you be interested in either?
Can I please have the phone number and postcode for those?|Here is the phone numbers and postcodes for both jesus green outdoor pool 01223302579 cb43px kings hedges learner pool 01223353248	cb42xh is there anything else i can assist you with?
No, that's all I need. Thank you for your help.|Your welcome! Have a nice day. Goodbye.
I'm looking for an expensive restaurant in the south part of town|Taj Tandoori is an expensive Indian restaurant in the South. Would you like more information on them?
Is there anything else?|Yes. chiquito restaurant bar serves mexican food in the expensive price range and is located in the south part of town.
May I have their address and phone number?|chiquito restaurant bar is located at 2G Cambridge leisure park cherry hinton road cherry hinton. Its phone number is 01223400170. Would you like anything else?
Thank you goodbye.|Thanks for your call. Goodbye!
I need a Hotel to stay in Cambridge that has free parking but may not have free wifi.|Is there a certain area or price range you would like.
I would like it to be a cheap hotel please.|There are 33 total entries would you like a certain area?
How about one with free wifi?|the cambridge belfry is a Hotel that offers both.
Can you tell the the area, postcode, and phone number for it?|The Cambridge Belfry is located in the west. The phone number is 0195414600 and it is located at the cb236bw postcode.
Perfect, thanks. Can you recommend a restaurant in the west that offers indian food?|There are a few. Do you have a price preference?
a cheap place, please|There is no place fitting that description.
could you find any restaurant that serves indian food|Meghna is a moderately priced Indian restaurant in the west.
Could I get their phone number?|The phone number is 01223727410. Would you like to make a reservation?
no thanks, that is all I need. Thanks so much!|You're welcome.  Have  a nice day.
Please give me a moderately priced restaurant serving brazilian food|I'm sorry, but there are no moderately priced Brazilian restaurants.
Could you recommend an Indian restaurant in the same price range?|Sure, there are 4 indian restaurants in the moderate price range. Do you prefer a certain part of town?
no, I don't care.|How about Curry Prince, which is in the east part of town and serves Indian food?
That sounds good. What is the address and phone number?|the phone number for the curry prince is 01223 566388 and they are located at 451 Newmarket Road Fen Ditton.
Is there any other indian restaurants in the same price range?|Meghna serves moderately priced indian food in the west part of town.
Thank you for all your help, and have a nice evening.|No problem, you enjoy your meal!
I'm looking for something cheap in the south part of town.|There are two restaurants serving cheap food in the south part of town.  Do you have a preference of portuguese or chinese food?
Either is fine, can you provide the address and phone number?|Nandos is located at Cambridge Leisure Park Clifton Way.  Their phone number is 01223 327908. Can I help you with anything else?
Thank you good bye.|Thank you, goodbye.
Hello, I would like to know what hotels are in the town centre.|There are 5 hotels in the town center, ranging from cheap to expensive. Which would you like more information on?
I'd like one in the moderate price range than includes free wifi.|Cityroomz aligns with your criteria. Shall I book that for you?
Yes please. I want to book it for 3 people for 5 nights starting on Sunday.|Unfortunately there are no rooms available, do you have a different day or shorter stay?
Will I be able to stay for 2 nights?|Yes, you're all set for 2 nights at cityroomz on Sunday for your party of 3. Your reference number is L8OVTI18. What else can I do for you?
I am also looking for a good place to dine, are there any italian restaurants?|There are 15 Italian restaurants in town. Is there a particular area or price range you'd prefer?
I'm looking for the same price range as the hotel and in the same area as the Hotel|Pizza Express is moderately priced and located in the centre area, does that sound ok?
It does indeed. Can you book it for the same people and on the same day as my hotel arrival? 12:00 would be the perfect time for lunch!|I have booked the table for you; it will be reserved for 15 minutes. The reference numbers is T0R20O9D.
Thanks! Is there any way you could book me a taxi between destinations? It needs to arrive by the booked time and please send me the contact number and car type.|No problem it is booked the contact number is 07499208880
What is the car type of that taxi?|It is a yellow Honda. Is there anything else I can help you out with?
That's it. Thank you very much for the help!|You are welcome.  Please let us know if you need help with anything else. Have a great day!
That's all I need, goodbye.|Farewell, and have a beautiful day!
Can you help me find a place to stay? I want somewhere in the east.|sure, i have 7 options for you
We need it to have free wifi.|There are 7 locations offering free wifi in the east.  Do you have a price range?
Cheap, please. I want to save some money. But I also want it to be a 4 star.|You're in luck! I have 3 cheap, 4-star guesthouses in the east. I recommend the Allenbell. Would you like to book a room?
I just need their postcode and address.|their post code is cb13js	and they are located in 517a coldham lane
I would also like some cheap Italian food.|I recommend Ask, in the city centre.
Thanks and Make sure you get the reference number|Whoa, easy there tiger!  I need a date, time and an amount of people before I can book.
I'm sorry, I got ahead of myself. I need a table for 6 on Monday night, at 14:30|I'm sorry, I can't book that right now.
OK. Could you find another restaurant that serves Italian food that is in the cheap range?|Booking was successful at ask. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : RK449E7Z.
Thanks, you've been a huge help! I don't need anything more today! Bye!|You are so welcome! I hope you have a lovely time!
I am looking for a college to see.|Do you have a part of town you would like to visit?
I'm not sure as I'm not familiar with the area. Do you recommend a particular college?|Clare college is nice and it is located in the west. Would you like more information on it?
Yes, may I please have the address and postcode?|their address is trinity lane,cb21tl. phone number is 01223333200. anything else?
I would also like to find a Japanese restaurant, if there are any in town.|Cambridge does have one Japanese restaurant in the centre of town. It's expensive but well worth it. Would you like me to book it for you?
Yes, please. I would need a reservation on Sunday for 3 at 11:30.|You're all set! Your reference number is AWAEPKRT.
Thank you for your help!|You're welcome. Is there anything else?
I will need a book a taxi to commute between the two places|what time would you like?
I need to be at the restaurant at 11:30.|Ok.  I have reserved a white skoda.  The contact number is 07229892999.
That is all, thanks for your assistance.|It was my pleasure.
Is there any moderately priced hotel that offers free parking by any chance?|There are several, is there a particular area you are interested in?
I'm not really picky on an area as long as it is a nice area and the hotel has a 3 star rating.|well I have a few for you when is your stay?
Hotel you want to book it for 7 people and 5 nights starting thursday and need a confirmation number thank you|Booking was successful.Reference number is : B6H2PD8G.
I also need to find a moderately priced Italian restaurant.|I hev five options, on which location do you prefer?
i will act on your suggestion.|Prezzo is an italian restaurant on the east part of town in the moderate price range.
Can you reserve a table?|Yes, I can sure book that for you.  What evening would you like in particular?  How many will be dining?
Actually, I don't need a booking yet. You've  told me that Prezzo is in the east. All I need is the postcode.|I'm sorry, prezzo is actually located in the west. The postcode is cb30ad.
Ok great thank you. That is all the information I need today.|You're welcome, have a great day!
Hey I am looking for a swimming pool to go to while in Cambridge. Can you find me one|I have 4 swimming pools to choose from. 2 are in the north, and I have one in the east and centre. Do you have a preference?
I think the one in the East would be best.  Can you give me an address for it?|Sure!  Abbey Pool and Astroturf Pitch is at Pool Way, Whitehill Road, off Newmarket Road.  Would you like the phone number?
naw, but i'm looking for some food|What type of food.
I would really like to get really great Chinese food. Can you suggest an expensive chinese place?|Sure, there are a number of options.  Is there a particular area of town you were interested in?
I don't have a area of town preference.|Yes!  There are 5 that I have found.  One in the East, 2 South, 1 North and 1 Centre.  Would you like the address of any of them?
Yes please. Please make sure the restaurant has a table available for booking for seven people on sunday at 13:15.|I booked you a table at Hakka (ref #7K0C5AJN). They're on the east side at Milton Road, Chesterton.
Great that's all I needed. Thanks for your help. Bye.|Glad to be of service! Goodbye!
I would like to find a restaurant in the centre.|There are 110 restaurants that fit your request. Do you have a price range in mind?
Sure, I'm looking for an expensive restaurant.|Yes I have a variety of cuisines available in that price range. What type of food are you looking for?
I am not picky about the food, as long as it is expensive and in the centre. Can you pick one and provide me the food type and address?|How about the Gourmet Burger Kitchen? It is an American restaurant, located at Regent Street City Centre.
Great thanks,I also need to find a hotel near the restaurant if possible. Would you be able to assist?|University Hotel is on Regent Street and is 4 star.
I want hotel with free parking also it will be for 4 people, 2 nights starting Wednesday.|I have many results for places with free parking, do you have a price range or area you're looking to stay in?
Anything near the restaurant will be fine.|I have booked you for University arms, which meets all of your criteria, the reference number is NQC5WW4O, any other questions?
Yes I also need a taxi to take me between the two places. Can you please help?|Yes I can! Where would you like the taxi to meet you at?
I would like the taxi to meet me at the restaurant.|And at what time would you like that taxi?
I want to leave the restaurant at 04:45 please|I have booked you with a red honda and contact number 07898891438. Is there anything else I can help with?
I think we got everything covered. Thanks. Goodbye.|Your welcome. Enjoy your trip. Goodbye.
Hello, I am looking for a moderately priced restaurant that serves traditional food.|There are no restaurants matching your request. Would you like a different one?
Please find moderately price restaurants that serve spanish type of food.|The only restaurant fitting such criteria is La Tasca.
What is the address, phone number, and postcode?|The address is 14 - 16 Bridge Street, the postcode is CB21UF, and the phone number is 01223 464630.
Thank you, goodbye.|You are welcome. Good bye.
Are there any expensive restaurants that serve Indian food nearby?|There are 14 expensive Indian restaurants. Would you like to look in a particular area?
It doesn't matter where it is, I just need to book one of them for six people at 13:45 on Friday.|Great your reservation at curry garden is all set, reference number is J1X6P0DB
I am looking for an expensive hotel as well.|There are five such hotels available. I can suggest the Express by Holiday Inn Cambridge. How does that sound?
Do any of the hotels have free parking and a star rating of 4?|Yes, there are two hotel options, one in the west and one in the centre.  Do you have a preference?
Do they both have internet access?|Yes, both the Huntingon Marriott and University Arms have free wifi.
Great can I also get a taxi between the two places?|Booking you a taxi would be no trouble. Would you like to book one of those hotels first?
No, that's OK, but I need that taxi arrives at the restaurant by 13:45.|Alright, I have your taxi booked. It will be a grey Lexus, contact number 07186569452. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No, that will be all, thank you.|Thank you very much for contacting us. Have a good trip.
Can you book me a moderately priced British restaurant?|Is there a particular area that you would like the restaurant to be in? There are a total of 5 listed.
Yes I would like to eat in town centre.|How about Restaurant One Seven? I can book a table for you if you'd like.
I'm not sure if I would like to book one yet. Can you please tell me the address, phone number and postcdode?|Address is De Vere University Arms Regent Street City Centre, phone number 01223337766, and postcode cb21ab.
Thank you very much. I am also looking for a place to stay in the same price range as the restaurant with free parking. Can you help with this as well?|How about The Copper Kettle. The are located in the Centre at 4 Kings Parade City Centre. May I book a table for you?
Sorry. I'm looking for a hotel, not a restaurant. It should be in the centre and moderately-priced. It doesn't need to have free parking.|Cityroomz meets your criteria. Would you like to book a room there?
This is a hotel type place right? Also what is the address for that?|Yes it's a hotel. The address is sleeperz hotel, station road.
alright, I'll take a room there. I'll also need a taxi to take me between the hotel and the restaurant, I need to leave the hotel at 05:00.|Great! I've booked a grey Audi for you. The contact number is 07071074318.
Thank you. That is all that I needed.|It's my pleasure. Thanks for using Cambridge TownInfo. Goodbye!
Finches Bed and Breakfast was recommended to me highly. Could you help me find it?|Yes I have found it, it is in the west of town,and cheap.
Great! Can you book a room there for 5 nights? There will be 8 of us, and we'll arrive on Friday.|Booking was successful. Your reference number is PZ9SHTWA.
I would also like to eat some Austrian food.|I am sorry, there are no Austrian restaurants. Can I try a different cuisine?
Okay, then how about an expensive mediterranean food restaurant in the centre?|You have a choice of two restaurants: la mimosa or shiraz restaurant.
Give me the phone number and address for la mimosa please|The phone number is 01223362525 and the address is Thompsons Lane Fen Ditton.
I am also going to need a taxi.|Where are you departing from and arriving at?
I will be departing from Finches Bed and Breakfast to la mimosa restaurant.|What time would you like the taxi?
I want to leave the hotel by 03:15, can never be too early.|Booking completed!
Booked car type	:	blue audi
Contact number	:	07871628908
Great. That was all I needed for now. Thanks for everything.|You're very welcome. Have a lovely day.
Are there any moderately priced hotels in Cambridge? I'm looking for a hotel, not a guesthouse.|Yes, there are three. The Ashley Hotel is moderately priced and located in the north.
I need wifi and four stars as well.|It doesn't appear that the Ashley Hotel has all these qualifications.  Would you like me to search for another hotel in the same area?
Yes, expensive, wifi, four stars.|I'm sorry, but there are no hotels in the cambridge area fitting all these all these qualifications. Would you like to alter your requirements?
Could you try an expensive hotel instead of a moderately priced one?|I found huntingdon marriott hotel in the west, and university arms hotel in the centre.
Could you reserve us a room at the University Arms then? There are 3 of us and we'll arrive on Friday.|Yes sure. For how long will you be staying?
We will stay 4 nights.|I have made the reservation for 3 people for 4 days at the university arms hotel. Your reference number is 7ARCQZH9.
I also am looking for darrys cookhouse and wine shop.|OK. This restaurant is an expensive, modern European establishment in the centre of town. It is located on King Street City Centre.
Can you provide their address, including postcode?|Yes their address is 40270 King Street City Centre and their postcode is cb11ln.
Thanks! I'd also like to book a taxi that leaves the restaurant by 17:30.|What will your destination be?
I want a taxi back to my hotel. Please provide me a contact number and the car type.|Your car is Booked. It is a blue volkswagen and their contact number is 07511504303
Thank you so much! Goodbye!|Thank you for using our system!
Hi.  I'm trying to find a good restaurant in the south part of town.|There are several good restaurants in the south part of town. Do you have a preference for the type of food or price range?
Yes, I'd like a restaurant that serves portuguese food.|nandos is the only restaurant i can find in the south that serves portuguese.
Nandos sounds great. Thank you.|thank you good bye
Goodbye.|Goodbye.
I could really use something to eat.|I have over 100 restaurants to choose from, would you mind narrowing down your search for me with perhaps a food type or price range?
Expensive restaurant in the centre, please.|Any particular type of food you're hankering for?
Not really. Which is your favorite? I'll book that for 13:00 Thursday. There will be 6 of us.|I'm sorry, I have not found anything for that time yet.  Can you choose another day or time please?  Are you sure you don't have a preference for food type?
Let's try to book it for 12:00 then for 6 people on Thursday. I'll also need a reference number.|Which restuarant do you want to book at?
I'm not sure.  Just something expensive.  We are celebrating.|I booked you at Curry Queen. Your table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is C06RJUNL.
Thank you for your help. This is all I needed.|You're welcome.  Please come again if you need more help.
I am interested in finding the Lensfield Hotel.|The Lensfield Hotel is located at 53-57 Lensfield Road on the south side of town. Would you like to book a room there?
Yes please.  I need a room for 5 nights, arriving on Friday.  There are 3 of us.|I've made a reservation for you, reference number J2AU5H3Q. Is there anything else you need?
Where can we eat?|There are nine restaurants on the same side of town as your hotel. I can make a recommendation if I knew the price range you were interested in.
I don't have a specific price range, but I was hoping for somewhere Danish.|I'm sorry there are no danish restaurants in the south. Would you like to try another area or food type?
Chinese is always a good standby, what is available for that?|There are 3 Chinese restaurants available.
Can you recommend one and make reservations for the same day please.|peking restaurant looks good, but it is expensive, is that ok?
That's fine. Please make a reservation for 3 people on Friday at 18:00, please.|Yes I will book it for you and get a reference number ?
I am looking for a moderately priced hotel in Cambridge.|I have three choices for you.  Do you have an area that is more convenient for you?
Yes, can you check the north please?|There are two hotels that match what you're looking for.  The Ashley Hotel and Lovell Lodge.   Does either of those sound preferable?
can you book me at Ashley Hotel for 1 and 3 nights ?|No problem!  What day are you wanting to check in?
On wednesday please|Would you like me to book it for you?
Yes that's what I already asked you to do.|Booking was successful. Reference number is : 40GGN5EY. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Yes, I'm also looking for some information on a restaurant called Efes. I'll need the phone number, price range, and postcode, please?|sure, its moderate, phone is 01223500005 and the postcode is cb11ln, anything else?
Thank you, that'll be all today.|If the hotel and restaurant are all you need for today, then thank you for contacting Cambridge TownInfo centre. Goodbye.
Can you find me a train to Cambridge on Sunday?|Certainly, where will you be departing from?
I'm coming from Birmingham New Street.|There are 19 train departures fitting this description, they leave every hour on the :40 minute. 5:40 to 23:40. Would you like to book one of these?
No that is ok I think I have everything I need now. Thank you|Thank you and have a great day!
I would also like information on a restaurant called "Grafton Hotel Restaurant".|The Grafton hotel restaurant is British and expensive.  Their phone number is 01223241387 and the address is Grafton Hotel 619 Newmarket Road Fen Ditton.
Great thank you can you please book me for table for 8 at 19:30 on the same day|Booking was successful at grafton hotel restaurant. The table for 8 will be reserved for 15 minutes. Your reference number is UE3CHDIM. Would you like help with anything else?
No that should be all thank you very much|Please enjoy the rest of your day!
I'm looking for a moderately priced restaurant in the center of town.|There are 21 different restaurants in that area matching your price range. What kind of food are you in the mood for?
I would like to try Jamaican food.|Unfortunately I can't find any Jamaican restaurants. Is there another type of food you'd like to try?
Okay... how about British food?|I found 4 restaurants, would you like to try Cotto?
Sure, can you try to get a table for 8 people at 17:00 on Tuesday?|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : IAUXALYD.
Thank you, can I also get a train leaving petterborough and arriving by 11:15|there are eleven trains that match that criteria. What time would you like your departure time to be?
I just need to make sure I arrive in cambridge by 11:15 please.|Before going further I would just like to confirm you'd be leaving on Tuesday, is that correct?
Yes, Tuesday, the same day as the restaurant booking, can I please get a departure time as well?|There is a train that leaves at 10:19 and arrives at 11:09. Would you like to book it?
Yes, please book this.|Absolutely. How many tickets would you like to be booked?
That's all I need, Thank You.|Sure thing! The reference number is S4FM08GE. See you!
I want to find an attraction called Primavera.|Primavera is a free museum in the center of town. Would you like their address or phone?
Great can I get the postcode for it?|their postcode is 	cb21sj
Thank you.  Have you heard of a particular restaurant, I think it's called Gourmet Burger Kitchen?|that is an expensive restaurant in centre. Would you like reservations
Yes I would, could you book a table for 2 at 18:15 on Tuesday?|I was able to make a booking for you. Your reference number is TD2BO4CX.
Thank you, goodbye, have a great day|Do you need me to book anything else or look up anymore info?
Are there any restaurants serving middle eastern food?|I'm sorry, there aren't any middle eastern restaurants. Is there another type of food you'd like to try?
Can you try the search again looking for Portugeuese food instead?|Sure! I actually have two restaurants listed in both the southern and center points of town that serve Portuguese food. Are you interested in one of these?
I would like the one that is in the centre of town. Can you book me a table there for Thursday at 11:30? There will be 6 of us.|I'm sorry, but the restaurant isn't available for that time. Is there another time or day you'd like to try?
Can you try 10:30 instead?|You're all set. I have book a table for 6 at 10:30. Reference # 2801GMOP. Can I help with anything else?
No, that's all I need. Thank you!|You're welcome. Enjoy your day.
Hi, I am looking for an expensive restaurant in the south.|Okay! There are 5. Would you like Chinese, Indian, Italian, or Mexican cuisine?
I would like to try some Japanese, do you have anything matching that?|Unfortunately, no. Would you like to change the location or the restaurant type?
How about Mexican food?|The Chiquito Restaurant Bar fits your criteria. Would you like to make a reservation?
Yes, please. Can you reserve me a table for Tuesday for 8 people at 15:15?|Your table is reserved, reference #UCRWM8U3. Can I help you with anything else today?
No that was all I needed. Thanks so much for the help.|You're very welcome. Enjoy your meal!
Do you know of any places in the south that serve Italian food?|We have pizza hut cherry hinton which is moderately priced or frankie and bennys which is expensive.  Would you like me to book one of those?
Sure, lets go with Frankie and Bennys.|Alright, I will need to know how many people are in your party, and what time/day you would like to book for.
I need a table for eight at 15:30 on Sunday.|Alright, I have a table for 8 booked at 15:30 on Saturday. your reference number is 12263FX1.
Can you also give me the name of a theatre that is also in the south part of town?|The Junction Theatre is in the south area. Would you like the phone number?
No, but the address would be nice.|Sure, The Junction Theatre is on Clifton Way.
Great, thank you.  Could you help with booking a taxi?|I certainly can when and where will you be leaving from, and where would you like to go?
I'd like a taxi from Junction Theatre to our restaurant. Please make sure it will arrive in time for our reservations.|I have booked you a taxi that will pick you up at 15:00. The car type booked is a grey skoda and the contact number is 07952875900.
I think that's all I need for today. Thank you so much for all your help.|You're welcome! Have a nice day. Goodbye.
I need information on a hotel named,"rosa's bed and breakfast".|Rosa's is located in the south and is cheap. Would you like a reservation?
No thanks. I just need their post code.|Sure, it is cb22ha.  Can I be of further assistance to you today?
I also am looking for a restaurant called Stazione Resaurant and Coffee Bar.|Stazione restaurant and coffee bar is an expensive italian restaurant located in the centre, shall I make a reservation for you?
No thank you that is all I needed.|Have a wonderful day!
Where can I find the Queen's College?|Queen's College is on the west side of town, on Silver Street. Their postcode is cb39et.
Can you verify the type of place this is and the address please?|It is a college and the address is silver street. Anything else I can help you with?
I'm looking for restaurant in the centre area that serves European food please.|I have several listed from moderate to expensive.  Do you have a preference?
The nearest one to the hotel.|What hotel are you staying at?
Actually, I don't need one near a hotel. I just need the phone number and address of an expensive one.|Yes the Eraina is expensive and their address is Free School Lane City Centre and their telephone is 01223368786
Alright, I want you to book me a taxi from Queen's College to the Eraina. I'll be leaving the college at 12:00.|I have booked you a blue skoda. The contact number is 07822607219
Thank you very much. That was all I will be needing today.|Ok thank you for using this service and have a nice day.
I need a college in the centre.|There are 5. Christ's college, corpus christi, downing, emmanuel and gonville and caius anyone in particular?
I have no preference.  Could recommend one and provide the entrance fee and address.|Sure, Downing College is located on Regent Street and admission is free.
Great! Thanks.  I'm also looking for a restaurant called Rice Boat.|Rice Boat is an Indian restaurant at 37 Newnham Road Newnham wich is in the west part of town.
Can you book a reservation for me?  I need a table for 7 on Sunday.  At 19:15, if possible.|Booking was unsuccessful. Do you want to book another day or time slot?
Can you please try and book it for 18:15 instead?|The booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Reference number is : DGJK87XC.
Thanks. I will also need a taxi to the restaurant for our reservation.|I have booked you a taxi. it is a blue tesla and the contact number is 07695884119
Thank you for your help. Have a nice day!|You're welcome, and you, too.
I'm looking for a good restaurant anywhere in town serving French food. Could you please give me their phone numbers?|There is a very good French restaurant in the centre of town. Their phone number is 01223 311053.
Thank you, goodbye.|You're welcome.  Good bye.
Would you be able to tell me whether there are any multiple sports venues in the center of town?|There no places that match those criteria, but there is one in east.
Actually, let's try looking for a college instead and still in the centre of town.|There are 13 colleges in the center of town. Most of them are free. Downing College on Regent Street is beautiful. Would you like the phone number?
Yes, may I please get the phone number and the postcode as well?|Yes, the phone number is 01223334860 and the post code is cb21dq.
I'm also looking for somewhere to dine.  Can you help with that?|Absolutely, what kind of food would you like?
I want some Portuguese food in the same area.|Okay I have one in the center of town called Nandos City Center. Would you like a reservation or their telephone number?
I'd like you to reserve a table for me at 15:15 on Friday for 1 person.|Your table for 1 has been booked. Reference number is : G48PAWW0. Will you need a taxi?
Not, that's all for today. Goodbye !|So glad I could help. Have a wonderful day.  Goodbye!
Find me a restaurant that serves belgian food in the centre|I'm sorry, there aren't any.
How about one that serves Turkish food?|I have three Turkish restaurants. Two are moderately priced and one is expensive. Any preference?
I would like to know the price ranges of the 3 if possible please, and also would like to dine in the centre of town.|The Meze Bar Restaurant is expensive. The Anatolia and Efes Restaurant are both moderately priced. They are all located in the centre.
Thanks, I'm also looking for a train that goes to Cambridge on Saturday.|There are many trains that meet your criteria. Would you like to narrow it down further by departure time or arrival time?
I'd like to arrive by 21:15 please!|Sorry, I need an origination point to give you that information.
The train should depart from ely and should arrive by 21:15.|The TR4288 train arrives at cambridge at 19:52. Can I book it for you?
Not right now.  Thank you.|Do you need anything else?
That is all I need.|Ok great, have a wonderful day.
I'm looking for a place to stay that's moderately priced and has a three-star rating.|I have 4 results that match your request, what area are you looking to stay in?
I would prefer something in the north part of town.|I have the alpha-milton guesthouse and the hamilton lodge.  Both moderately priced. Will you need internet?
It doesn't matter with internet. I need to book for 6 people, 5 nights on wednesday, is that possible at all?|No I am sorry no rooms available then, is there anything else I can assist you with? How about a hotel instead?
Could you try the booking for only four nights and see if it works?|Both are available for only 4 nights. The Hamilton Lodge has parking and internet. Would you like me to book that for you?
Yes please book it for 6 people and 5 nights starting from wednesday.|The Hamilton Lodge was unable to accommodate your request for 5 nights. Would you like to try a different day or a shorter stay?
Could you try four nights?|Your are booked for 4 nights. Your reference number is YT12CF24. Can I help you with anything else today?
Yes, I also need to find a place for us to dine, in the same area of town, please.|The Nirala and the Golden Wok are moderately priced dining options in the north.
Ok, thank you. Will you please reserve me a table for 6 people at 17:45 at the Nirala on Wednesday?|You are booked at the Nirala for Wednesday and you table for 6 is reserved for 15 minutes.  The reference number is HEFMWBTN.
I will also need a taxi to get from the hotel to the restaurant.  Can you book that for me?|I've booked your taxi! A White Volkswagen will pick you up at the hotel to bring you to the restaurant by 17:45. The contact number is 07713150675.
Fantastic, thank you, that will be all.|Okay great, have a good day!
I'm looking for places to go in town. Maybe a swimming pool?|I can help with that. There are 4 swimming pools available; they're in east, north, and centre. Would you like more information?
Well instead, how about some kind of entertainment in the southern part of the city.|Yes I have two options: Nusha and Tenpin. Interested in either?
What is the entrance fee for those two options?|I am unsure of the entrance fee, you will have to call the venue's for prices, would you like the phone numbers?
Yes, I would like the phone numbers. I am also looking for a cheap asian restaurant.|The phone numbers are 01223902158 for nusha and 08715501010 for tepin. What area would are you looking for the restaurant in?
It doesn't matter.|There are two Asian places, would you liked me to book one of them?
What are their prices?|The prices for these  restaurants are cheap.
Thank you can I get the area, postcode, and address of tepin?|Sorry, I'm a little confused. Are you looking for information on the attraction Tenpin, or one of the restaurants?
The restaurant please.|The telephone number for the Dojo is 01223363471 and the telephone number for the J restaurant is 01223307581.
I also need their address and postcodes please|j restaurant is located at 86 Regent Street City Centre, postcode cb21dp.
Great! I'll also need a taxi to go between the two. I'll need to leave the restaurant by 08:00.|I booked a Yellow Skoda, contact number 07937936752.  It will pick you up from J Restaurant and bring you to Tenpin.  Will that be all today?
No, that will be all, thank you.  You have been very helpful and also patient.  Have a great day.|Thank you for using our service, and enjoy your time in Cambridge!
I need to stay at an expensive hotel that has a 4 star rating. Can you help me?|I have two hotels that meet your criteria.  What area are you interested in?
I miscommunicated before I apologize, I am actually looking for a 4 star guesthouse.|I have no guesthouses in the area. Would you like me to check another star rating?
How about one that is in the moderate price range.|Yes, there are a number of options.  Would you like to narrow it down by area of town?
No, I don't care about area.  Just pick one that you would recommend.  I'll need to book it for 6 people.|I recommend carolina bed and breakfast. It's on the east side of town and has free parking and wifi. Does that work?
Book that please for 6 people, 5 nights starting on Friday.|Sure thing, I will work on booking that now. I will be back with you in a moment.
Thanks. I also need help with something else afterwards.|Booked! Reference number: 0L59Q1A4. What else do you need?
I'm also interested in a restaurant in the centre with the same price range. Any recommendations?|I'd recommend the Cambridge Chop House. They serve British food. Would you like to book a table?
No need to book it, but could you please give me their address and phone number?|Their address is 1 Kings Parade and their number is 01223359506. Is there anything else you need?
I have everything I need now, thank you!|Enjoy the rest of your day, goodbye!
Are you able to help me find an expensive British restaurant in Cambridge please?|What area would you like the restaurant to be located in?
I don't really have a preference. Can you recommend a restaurant? As long as it serves expensive British food I'll be happy.|I would recommend Fitzbillies restaurant in the centre of town, would you like me to reserve a table for you?
Yes please reserve a table for 6 people at 12:45 on thursday|OK, I have your reservation booked. Your reference number is 0SAJLXK8. Is there anything else I can do for you today?
No, that's all for today. Goodbye!|Thanks for contacting the Cambridge TownInfo Centre and have a great day!
I am looking for an expensive place to eat in the centre of town.|I have 33 restaurants that meet your requests.  Can you tell me what kind of food you are looking for?
The type of food doesn't matter. I just need a table for 3 for Friday night at 19:00.|Would you like me to try and make a reservation for the Cambridge Chop House?
Yes and lets book for next weekend,instead,thank you.|There is no availability at that time. Would you like to try another time or restaurant?
Can you try to find another restaurant in the same area and pricerange?|How about Fitzbillies restaurant? It's also an expensive British restaurant in the centre of the city
Yes, try that please.|Alright, I have your table booked at Fitzbillies restaurant. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Your reference number is: BCVPHB3U. Anything else today?
No thanks, that is everything|No problem.  Enjoy your meal on Friday.  Good bye.
I am looking for a restaurant in the centre of town.|I'll be happy to help you with that. Is there a certain type of food you would prefer?
I would like a restaurant that serves european food in the expensive price range please.|There are 2 restaurants that meet your criteria; Eraina and Michaelhouse Cafe. They are both in the centre of town.
Great, can I have the phone number and address for Erania please?|Sure, their phone is 01223368786 and their address is Free School Lane City Centre cb23rh. May I help with anything else?
Yes, I'm also looking for an attraction called Ruskin Gallery. Can you get me some info on that?|The Ruskin Gallery is in the centre area and the phone number is 01245493131. Would you like the address?
No address needed, thank you. I have all the information I need.|Is there anything else I can help you with today?
I also need a taxi to get me between the gallery and restaurant, I want to leave the restaurant by 13:15|Alright, I have your taxi booked. It will be a red lexus, and the contact number is 07952562480
Thank you very much, that will be all you can do for me for today.|Glad I could be of assistance, have a good day!
I would like a cheap restaurant that serves portuguese food|I found one in the south part of town and one in the centre.
Can I have the address of the location in the centre of town?|The address to Nandos is 33-34 Saint Andrews Street. It servers Portuguese food and is in the centre of town.Is there anythig else I can help you with?
No, thank you. Good bye.|Thank you for using our system. Good bye
Need a hostel, free parking and in the north please.|I have found 11 results for places in the north that have free parking, would you prefer a guesthouse or hotel?
I would prefer a hotel with a 4 star rating.|There is nothing that fits that criteria, can I look up something else?
It can be a guesthouse or a hotel. Does that open up my options?|I have 7 different options. I have all different price ranges. Do you have a preference?
Any one of them would be fine. Can I get the post code and phone number?|The acorn guesthouse is at 154 chesterton road postcode cb41da. Their phone is 01223353888. Can I make you a reservation?
Yes please make a reservation.|How many people do you need the booking for?
Just one person please.|What day would you like your reservation to begin, and how long would you like to stay?
Actually, I need to know, does the Acorn guesthouse have internet?|Yes it does! Free parking too.
Great! I'm also looking for a restaurant in the same area as the hotel that serves expensive french food.|Restaurant Two Two is an expensive french restaurant on the north side. Would you like me to make a reservation for you?
No, I don't need a reservation. I could use the address, postcode and phone number though.|Restaurant Two Two's phone number is 01223351880, the address is 22 Chesterton Road Chesterton, and the postcode is cb43ax.
Great. Thanks for all your help!|Thank you and enjoy your visit to cambridge.
I really would like to try some Indian food while in town so please find me a restaurant that serves it on the East side|curry prince is a nice place. Do you want to book ?
Yeah. I'd like a table for 2 people on tuesday at 13:45.|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.Reference number is : LDY1DUF0.
I would also like to get a place to stay too.|There are 33 options for lodging in town. Do you have a preference for type, area, pricerange, or star rating?
Same area as the restaurant, moderate price range, and it doesn't have to have free parking.|I found 3 that match that criteria. I would recommend the Carolina Bed and Breakfast which is four stars. Would you like a reservation?
That sounds perfect. I need that for 5 nights.|Okay. Can you tell me what day you'll be arriving?
I'd like reservations for Tuesday.|How many people will be staying?
2 people will be staying. Can you give me the reference number too?|The booking was successful, and your reference number is 0OGAX9RA.
Thanks, that's all I needed today. Goodbye!|Okay, you are welcome! Have a good stay!
I am looking for a restaurant in the west side of town.|cambridge lodge restaurant is a nice restaurant in the west part of town
How about a moderately priced Russian restaurant? I don't care what part of town it's in.|I am sorry, there is no moderately priced russian restaurant. Would you like me to check for a restaurant serving a different type of food?
How about Chinese food?|I'm sorry, there are no chinese restaurants listed in the west part of town in the moderate price range. Would you like to try something else?
I would like a moderately priced chinese restaurant any where in town.|jinling noodle bar, shanghai family restaurant, and lan hong house are in the centre. Golden wok is in the North.
What is the phone number?|The phone number is 01223 566188.
Which part of town it is in ?|it is located in the centre part of town
Thank you goodbye.|Thank you and good bye.
Hi, you can help me find a hotel somewhere on the North side of town please|i have 33 hotels on the north side of town. what amenities are you looking for?
I'd like it to have free wifi, it doesn't need to have free parking.|Okay and what is your price range?
Any price range is fine.|I recommend city centre north b and b. 	They're in the cheap price range and their address is 328a histon road
book it for 4 people and 5 nights starting from sunday.|The room is booked starting Sunday for 4 people, 5 nights. Reference number is : T0GOB1RP. Is there anything else I can assist with?
Yes, I would like to dine at an expensive hotel in the same area.|Do you have a food type in mind?
Yes, I would like bistro food please.|There are no restaurants that meet those requirements.
Oh darn it. How about one that offers european food?|There are 3 options in the centre area with european food. Eraina is located at Free School Lane City Centre, postcode cb23rh.  Would you like info on the others also?
Eraina sounds great. Could you please make a reservation for 4 people on Sunday at 17:15?|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : VZB1B67F. Is there anything else I can help you with?
i also want to book a taxi|Okay, I can help with that. What is your departure site and destination. Do you have a certain time you'd like to leave or arrive by?
I need to go to the North.|Okay.  Will you be leaving from Cambridge?
I want to leave from city centre north b and b to arrive at the Eraina restaurant in time for my 17:15 reservation.|Ok I have booked you a red toyota, contact number 07919147301 arriving at 17:05.  Anything else I can help with?
No. Thank you. Goodbye|Thank you for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Goodbye
i will be in Cambridge and i need a place to go in the east|Sure, what type of attraction are you interested in?
Anything in the east.|can yo narrow that down
I don't care really.  What is one of the most popular ones?|Camboats is a nice place that I reccommend
Can you give me the postcode, please?|The postcode is cb58sx.  How else can I assist you?
I want a cheap restaurant please in the same area as the attraction.|How does The Missing Sock sound? It meets your criteria, and I would be happy to book it for you.
I want a restaurant that serves international food|Ok the missing sock actually serves international food. Would you like me to book for you?
I don't need a booking at the moment but could you provide me with their phone number?|Certainly, the phone number for the missing sock is 01223812660. Can I assist you with anything else today?
Thank you.  That will be all I need.|Okay, have a wonderful visit in Cambridge!
Good Morning, I am planning a trip in Cambridge and I'm looking for places to go in town.|Sure, there is much to see in Cambridge.  Do you have any preferences?
We will be staying in the east part of town, somewhere near there would be fine.|There's 10 attractions in the east. Are you interested in a museum?
A museum is fine. Could I get the postcode and address please.|Cambridge artworks is found at 5 greens road. Their postcode is cb13ef.
Thanks! I'm also looking for a gastropub in the same area that I'd like to book for 1 on Saturday at 17:45.|Royal Standard is a fantastic gastropub in the east. I booked the reservation for you on Saturday at 17:45. The reference number is 8JAQFYI2. Is there anything else you need?
I believe that's all.|I'm so glad I could help.  Enjoy your stay in Cambridge! Goodbye.
i am looking for a place to eat in the centre that serves  creative food.|We have no restaurants that serve creative food anywhere in Cambridge. Can I find you a different style of restaurant in the  center?
What expensive restaurants are in the centre?|There are quite a few.  asian, british, african, or a gastropub are just a few choices. Do you have an idea of the cuisine you'd like to try?
I would like to try Italian food.|I have several. Would you like me to suggest one for you?
If you could, just go ahead and pick an expensive one. I'll need a table booked on Monday at 19:30. It will be 6 people.|How about clowns cafe? It's expensive.
Ok, please book me for 6 people at 19:30 on monday.|Alright your booking number is 3HZR0O30. How else may I help you?
I am also looking for a particular attraction. Its name is called magdalene college.|Yes, it is located in the west area and has the postcode CB30AG. It is on Magdalene Street and has a free entrance fee.
Thank you! What is the attraction type?|It is a college. Is there anything else I can do for you today?
that should be all. thank you very much.|Let us know if you need help further.
Hi, I'm going to visit Cambridge and am interested in finding a cheap restaurant that serves international type fare.|There is only one restaurant that fits what you are looking for and is called The Missing Sock. Would you like to book there?
Where in Cambridge is The Missing Sock located?|The Missing Sock is located at Finders Corner Newmarket Road, and their postcode is cb259aq. Would you like to reserve a table there?
Sure but can I also have the phone number as well?|Of course. It is 01223812660. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
I would like a train that arrives at Cambridge at 17:30|Before we get to the train, you mentioned wanting to make a reservation at The Missing Sock. Would you like to do that?
No, I don't need a reservation there. I do need a train from cambridge on thursday. I'll be going to Norwich, and I need to get there by 17:30.|TR8604 will be arriving at norwich by 16:55 on Thursday. That is the closest to your requested time, would you like to book?
Yes please I would like to book.|Great how many tickets will you need?
I need 3 tickets please.|Your booking was successful.  The total is 52.8 GBP, payable at the train station.  Your reference number is R22NVXLA.  Is there anything else I can help you with?
that is it, thank you very much.|Thank you for using our service. Have a wonderful day!
I'm looking for a particular restaurant. Its name is called panahar.|Panahar is an Indian restaurant in the centre of town. It is in the expensive price range. Would you like to book a table there?
Can you book a table for 6 people at 11:00 on sunday?|Got it - The table will be reserved for 15 minutes and the reference number is : VX589A4M. Can I help with anything else?
No, that's it for me today. Thanks for your help!|You're very welcome! Have a great time!
Can you help me find a moderately priced Indian restaurant?|Sure, what part of town do you prefer?
Is there anything near the centre? I'll need the postcode and phone number as well.|there no such restraunts in the centre
Really? No moderately-priced Indian restaurants at all?|No, there are none. I have cheap and expensive Indian restaurants in the center of town, but nothing in between.
OK, just get me a train. The train should arrive by 17:15 and should leave on Wednesday.|i have 245 trains that arrive by 17:15. where will you be departing from and where are you going?
I will be leaving from ely to cambridge.|Train TR5348 will depart at 5:35 would you like me took book it fore you ?
No, that is all I needed. Thank you, good bye.|Thank you goodbye.
I'd like to treat myself by eating out so please find me an expensive restaurant in the centre|Yes! What kind of cuisine would you like?
Any restaurant that you recommend will be great. Can I have the postcode for the one you pick too?|I would recommend Little Seoul, a Korean restaurant. It's postcode is cb21dp. Would you like to reserve a table?
No thank you. I am looking for an expensive place to stay that includes free parking.|There are five hotels that meet your criteria. Would you like to book one or would you rather narrow it down further?
I would prefer to find one  that is located in the north.|There are no expensive hotels in the north area with free parking.
Is there a cheaper one?|There are 9 in the moderate price range do you prefer a guesthouse or hotel?
I would prefer a hotel.|I have two hotels that fit your needs. I recommend the ashley hotel. When would you like to book a room?
Do either have internet?|yes ahley does has free internet. can we book it
No thanks, I just need the address please.|the address is 74 chesterton road
thanks for helping. have a great day|You're welcome. Have a great day.
Have a great day too.|Please call if you need anything else. Goodbye.
I'm looking for a cheap place to dine that also service danish food. Any suggestions?|There are no matches, can I look up something else?
Then, how about a place that serves mediterranean food?|I think you would like The Gardenia, it is located in Centre with a telephone number of 01223356354. Can I help you more today?
Yes can you reserve me a table for 1 at that restaurant? I'd like it to be on Wednesday at 17:00, please.|I will get that reservation made. Is there anything else I can assist with?
Can I have a moderately priced restaurant in the west ?|I found several. Would you care for a specific type of food?
I do not care.|There are three options which match your request. How about Meghna, which serves Indian food?
Yes it will do. Can i have the phone number please ?|Meghna's phone number is 01223 727410
thank you , good bye.|You're welcome, good bye.
I can't wait to go to the adc theatre, in cambridge. How do I get there?|Sure their address is Park Street and their telephone number is 01223300085. Would you like me to book you a taxi to get there?
Yes please but can I have the postcode as well?|The postcode of the ADC Theatre is cb58as. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Can you find a restaurant that serves international food that isnt so expensive?|The Varsity Restaurant is located in the centre and has moderate pricing. Would you like for me to book you a reservation?
I would like to see if I can reserve a table for 5 on Saturday at 12:15 if possible.|I'm sorry, that day and time is not available. Would you like to try a different day or time?
would 11:15 work instead?|Yes that time will work. Would you like me to book that table for you?
Yes please. Can I get a reference number also?|I have booked your table. Your reference number is T7YC5FUQ. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I need a train to Norwich on Tuesday.|I absolutely can.  What time would you wish to leave on Tuesday?
Never mind. I don't need a train. I am all set.|If there is nothing further, I want to wish you a great day.
I am looking for a restaurant called shanghai family restaurant.|Yes I have it here. They are in the centre of town, moderately priced. When would like to reserve a table for?
7 People at 19:15 and can we do that on monday?|Your reservation at shanghai family restaurant this monday at 19:15 for 7 people was successful. Your Reference number is : QH390F14.
Thank you for booking that for me.|My pleasure! anything else I can help you with?
I am also looking for a train leaving on Tuesday from Cambridge.|Where are you headed, and at what time of day?
I would like to get to Ely by 17:45, please.|Train TR4447 is available. It leaves at 15:50 and arrives by 16:07. Would you like me to book you a ticket?
Yes please, I'll need it for 7 people|confirmation # is ttc5x0up, anything else today?
Thats everything thanks for the help|Terrific. I hope you enjoy your trip. Goodbye.
I am looking for a moderately priced restaurant in the west part of town.|Meghna is an Indian restaurant, it is in the moderate price range, and it is in the west part of town. Would you like the phone number?
yes, and the address and postcode please.|The phone number for meghna is 01223 727410 and they are located at 205 Victoria Road Chesterton.  The postcode is C.B 4, 3 L.F.
Perfect. Thanks for the information. Goodbye.|Thank you for choosing our system. Good bye
I am looking for a particular restaurant. Its name is called royal standard|Royal Standard is located at 290 Mill Road City Centre. Would you like to know more about the restaurant?
I'd like to book for 1 person at 1145 on thursday please|Sorry, looks like there's no availability. Want to try another day or time slot?
what about we try booking for Friday?|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Reference number is : PJ7X1NHS.
Ok thank you that is all I needed.|Thank you for using our services.
I am looking for an expensive restaurant that is in the east part of town.|Grafton hotel restaurant is an expensive restaurant in the east part of town serving british food. Would you like their location?
Address and phone number, please|Grafton Hotel 619 Newmarket road Fen Ditton.  The phone number is 01223 241387.
Ok thank you and good bye|You're welcome. Goodbye.
Goodbye.|Enjoy your meal.
I need a place to go in the centre for entertainment.|There are no attractions under the entertainment classification in Centre. Would you like to try another attraction type or area perhaps?
Could you please check for architecture?|I could recommend some church's and old schools to visit, would that be ok?
I would like to visit an old school. What is your recommendation?|I recommend a place called "Old Schools" It is known for it's architecture.  Located in the Centre on Trinity Lane.  Does that work?
Yes, I just need the address and postal code. Also, what is the entrance fee?|The address is Trinity Lane postcode cb21tt.  No entry fee!  Anything else I can help you with?
I am also wanting to reserve a table at a place called Cote. Can you help me with that?|Sure.  When would like the reservation for and how many people will be in your party?
Can you book me a table for Wednesday at 17:30 for a party of 5?|It looks like they are already booked for that time slot. Do you have another time you could go?
Yes. how about for 16:30?|Booking for 16:30 is set, the reference number is NDSJBN3W, may I assist with anything else?
I will also need a taxi to from Old Schools to Cote. I need to make sure they arrive soon enough for me to make it to dinner on time.|I was able to book that taxi for you. Be looking for a black Tesla. If you need to contact them, their phone number is 07900626607. Anything more I can do?
Great that's all I needed today, thank you!|You're welcome! Have a great day!
I am looking for a cheap restaurant in the east part of town.|The Missing Sock is a cheap international restaurant in the east side. Would you like the address or phone number?
Yes, please. Could you tell me both the address and phone number?|They are at Finders Corner Newmarket Road, and their number is 01223 812660 .
Thank you. Good bye.|Thank you and goodbye!
I would really like to find a Basque restaurant on the west side. Does that exist?|I'm sorry, there are no restaurants serving basque food in the west part of town. Would you like a different type of food?
How about italian food|la margherita is an italian restaurant in the west part of town. Would you like their location?
No, what is the phone number?|Their phone number is 01223 315232.
thank you|You're welcome.  Is there anything else?
no, thank you!|Thank you.
Hello, I am looking for information on a restaurant name Rice House.|I have pulled up rice house from our database. What would you like to know?
I'd like to reserve a table for 7 on Thursday, at 11:15. Are you able to book that for me please?|I am unable to book for that day or time slot.  Is there another day or time that would work for you?
What about 10:15?|I was able to book a table for 7 at Rice house at 10:15 on Thursday. Your table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Your confirmation number is DAKQ9ZBN.
Great, thanks! I'll also need a train leaving after 11:45 on Friday.|I have many trains leaving Cambridge after 11:45 on Friday. Where would you like to go?
I would like to go to Kings lynn.|TR2621 leaves at 12:11 going to Kings Lynn. Would you like me to book that for you?
Yes please book it for 7 people and give me the reference number|You are booked.  Your reference number is BL1TV17C.  Anything else?
No, I am all set. Thanks!|Thank you, please enjoy your visit!
I'm looking for and expensive restaurant in the east part of town. Ask for address, phone number and type of food.|grafton hotel restaurant is an expensive british restaurant in the east part of town. Their address is Grafton Hotel 619 Newmarket road Fen Ditton and their phone number is 01223 241387
thank you goodbye|You are welcome.
I am looking for a resteraunt that serves japanese food, any price range is fine.  What do you have available?|I found Wagamama in the centre part of town.
What is their address, phone number, and postcode?|wagamama is located at 36 saint andrews street. Its phone number is 1223 462354 and the postcode is CB23AR. Is there anything I can help you with?
Thank You|You're welcome. Good bye.
Thank you. Good bye.|Thank you, goodbye!
I'm coming to Cambridge to visit, and I'd like to try some Chinese food in the centre. Can you help me, please?|We have ten restaurants that match that description . What is your price range?
I would like a restaurant in the moderate price range.|Jinling Noodle Bar is a moderately priced Chinese restaurant in the centre of town. Would you like to make a reservation?
I don't need a reservation right now, but if you could give me the phone number, postcode, and address, that would be great.|Jinling noodle bar's phone number is 01223566188. It's located at 11 Peas Hill City Centre postcode cb23pp. How else may I assist you?
I am interested in some attractions in the centre as well.  What is there?|There are several old churches, colleges, and there are museums and theatres.
Can you recommend a theatre?|I've got the adc theatre located in the center of town.  How would that do?
Sure. What is the postcode?|The postcode for the ADC Theatre is cb58as. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, could you help me book a taxi from Jinling noodle bar to ADC please? I would like it to arrive at the restaurant by 10:45.|Of course.  A yellow bmw will pick you up at the Jingling Noodle Bar at 10:45.  The contact number is 07447453701.  Do you need anything else?
Great, that is everything I needed. Thanks!|Thank you, goodbye.
Sure. No problem. Bye now.|Enjoy the rest of your day.
Can you help me find a guesthouse in the north to stay at?|There are quite a few guesthouses in the North.  Is there a price range you prefer?
Can you run a search for moderately priced guesthouses please?|Do you need free parking or free internet (or both!)?  That will help me narrow it down even more.
it doesn't really matter. Book it for 6 for 3 nights on sunday, and I'll need the reference number too please|I have made a booking for your party at Avalon hotel on 62 Gilbert Road. Your reference number is SSSLFOYC. I'm sure you'll love your stay!
I would love it more if I wasn't starving.  Can you point me in the direction of a good Chinese restaurant near my hotel?|I have 3 of them. Two are expensive and one is moderately priced. Do you have a preference?
Yes, I do. The moderately priced restaurant, please.|How about the golden wok? Would you like to make a reservation?
Not for now but I do need their address, postcode and phone number.|The address for Golden Wok is 191 Histon Road Chesterton and post code is cb43hl. Phone number is 01223350688.
Thanks very much for your help today.|You're very welcome!
Thanks for everything goodbye.|You're welcome. Have a great day!
I want to find a nice, expensive place to dine in the centre.|i have 33 to choose from. what is your prefered type of food?
I want a place that serves astropub|Backstreet Bistro is my favorite. They're located at 2 Sturton Street City Centre, cb12qa. Would you like to book a table there?
Yes, for 2 people at 11:45 on wednesday|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : WV7CR016.
Thanks. I'm also looking for a hotel with free wifi.|What area of town are you looking to stay and what price range are you looking for?
I want a hotel close to Backstreet Bistro. Not too expensive.|Cityroomz is the only moderately priced hotel in the centre of town with free WiFi. Can i book a room for you?
Yes book room for 2 starting Wednesday for 5 nights and get me reference number.|Unfortunately, I am unable to book at this time. Would you like the number?
Could you retry, only starting on Wednesday?|The booking system is not working at this time.
Are there any expensive hotels in that area?|The booking system is back up, so I went ahead and completed the reservation for you at Cityroomz as requested. Your reference number is ORTE2F27. Anything else?
Great, thank you. I'm good to go now. Bye!|I'm glad we could help.  Have a great day.
Can you get me information on a placed called williams art and antiques?|I certainly can. That's a museum in the centre, with free admission.
I would like to find a place called Williams Art and Antiques.|It is a museum located in the centre. Admission is free.
What is the address?|williams art and antiques is located at gwydir street, no. 5 dale's brewery
Thank you. Can you also tell me about a restaurant called riverside brasserie?|The Riverside Brasserie serves modern european cuisine in the Centre area of town, it is moderately priced.  I would be happy to give you more information or book a table?
I would like you to book for 8 people on 14:30 on sunday|Your reference number is WFZTQIKD.
Thank you. I'll also need a taxi to go from Williams Art and Antiques to the restaurant. I need to be there by 14:30.|I have booked your taxi. You'll be expecting a grey lexus. The contact number is 07863326057.
Thank you, goodbye, have a nice day|Enjoy your trip!  Thanks for booking through us.
I was wanting help with a place to dine in Cambridge.|We have quite a few restaurants.  Do you have any preferences as far as locale, price range, or cuisine type?
Yes, we would like something in the centre, expensive chinese food would be great.|Great, I have four options for you. I would recommend HK Fusion.
That sounds great.  Can you book me a table for two at 3 p.m. on Sunday?|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : CJSEN5QP
Perfect. Now, please find me a train leaving after 13:00 on Monday|Certainly. Where will you be traveling?
I would be leaving from Cambridge and going to Stevenage.|How about train TR1898 that leaves at 13:21?
Yes can  I please get the arrival time?|That train will arrive in Stevenage by 14:10. Will you be needing to purchase tickets?
Can you book it for me and get a reference number ?|Can you book it for me and get a reference number ?
I'm looking for a restaurant called Meghna.|Meghna is an Indian restaurant in the west.  Would you like me to book it for you?
Yes, please book for 3 people.|Im happy to book that for you, what date and time?
Make the booking for Friday at 13:00. If that isn't available, then 12:00 is fine. Please provide the reference number if you're successful.|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Reference number is : 06PQA3E2
Great. I'll also need to make a reservation for a hotel with free parking in the south.|Ok i will try and find you one thank and welcome again
Hi, I am looking for information on places to go in town please.|Do you have preferences in the attraction type?
one that offers all indoor games|The Cherry Hinton Village Centre offers multiple sports. Would you like the phone number or address?
Are they are in the centre of town? If so, do they have an entrance fee?|It is located in the east of town but there is no entrance fee listed.
Are there any colleges in the centre of town?|Yes I have many, would you mind a entrance fee?
What's the postcode and entrance fee, if any, for your favorite one?|Christ's College is on Saint Andrew's Street, postcode cb23bu and has no admission fee
I'm also looking for a cheap Chinese place to eat at.|There are three cheap chinese restaurants in the city centre. I suggest the Rice House as it's closest to the college. Would you like me to make a booking?
No, thank you. I need to consult with my friends first. Can you please give me their phone number?|Yes. Their phone number is 01223367755.
Great I also need a taxi that will leave the attraction by 16:15|okay all I need is your destination.
It will be going to the chinese restaurant your booked.|A black Audi will pick you up, contact number is 07658935119, as your taxi. Is that all you need today?
Yes, that's it. Thank you for all your help today. Goodbye.|Goodbye. Enjoy your meal. Any further questions feel free to contact us again.
Hello! I would like to get some Italian food, somewhere in the center of town.|Sure, did you want someone in a certain price range?
No, price doesn't matter.|I can suggest pizza express located at regent street city centre. Would you like to make reservations?
Yes, can you please reserve me a table for 1 person for Friday at 11:30?|The Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Reference number is : WJCH2IJP.
Great, could you also help me find somewhere to visit near the restaurant, possibly architecture to look at?|Sure, there are a number of a churches and old schools, do you have a preference?
Can you please recommend one and provide me with their entrance fee and address?|Sure, I suggest old schools. Its address is trinity lane and its free.
I also need to book a taxi.|Okay, I'll just need a departure location and a destination as well as a pick up or drop off time
I want to arrive at pizza express for my restaurant reservation after visiting old schools, please.|Booking completed!
Booked car type	:	grey honda
Contact number	:	07392571469
Is there anything else I can assist you with?
That is all that I need.|Thank you and enjoy your stay.
I'm looking for a restaurant that serves kosher food in the west side.|I'm sorry, we don't have any Kosher restaurants on the west side. Would you like to try a different cuisine type?
I was really hoping for Kosher.|Unfortunately, there are no Kosher restaurants anywhere in the city. Can I help you find something else?
How about an expensive Indian restaurant? I know there are many of those!|We have 5 in the west side. Cocum is very popular, would you like to try there?
Sure. What's Cocum's address, phone number, and postcode?|Here is the information you've requested for Cocum: 71 Castle Street City Centre, 01223366668, cb30ah
Great, thank you! That is all I need today.|You're quite welcome. Thank you and goodbye!
I'm looking for a 4 star hotel.  Can't wait to check out Cambridge.|Yes I have both guesthouses and hotels that are 4 stars. Any preference on amenities or price?
I need  it to have free parking too.|I can suggest allenbell.
is it expensive?|no quite cheap actually
Hmm, I don't usually like the cheaper places. How about anything that is moderately priced?|There is nothing that matches your criteria.
No problem. I would like a place to eat. Chinese food around the centre of town.|Okay I have many choices. Do you have a preference for price?
yes is should be expensive|I've heard great things about HK fusion.
Actually, I am looking for one that is in the same price range as the hotel for 3 people at 14:45 on Monday.|I have 3 options for moderately priced Chinese in the centre. I would suggest jinling noodle bar.
That will be nice. Can you book it for monday at 14:45 for 3 people?|Ok, your booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes, the reference number is : SBDEVYH9.
Thank you. Going back, I don't think we chose a hotel. I need a moderate price guesthouse with 4 stars. Remember?|We have 9 moderately priced guesthouses with parking, which side of town are you looking for?
I am looking for the centre area.|Based on the criteria, I cannot find a hotel. Would you like to try a different preference?
What about an expensive one?|The jinling noodle bar had already been booked for you, is that not ok?
No that is fine but I do need a taxi to arrive at the reastaurant by 14:45 and pick me up from the hotel.|I don't see where you have chosen a hotel. Perhaps we should look at that first?
Yes an expensive one would be great with a 4 star rating and free parking.|The university arms hotel sounds like exactly what you're looking for. Would you like me to book it for you?
No I just need their phone number and address.|They are on regent street and the phone number is 01223351241.
I'm looking for an expensive restaurant to dine at, somewhere in the North End of the Cambridge area.|There are 5 expensive restaurants on the north side of town. What type of food would you like?
Any type of food is fine. Can you book a table someplace that sounds good? I need a table for 4 on tuesday at 19:30.|I have booked you a table for 4 on Tuesday at 19:30 at Saigon City, on the north end of Cambridge at 169 High Street Chesterton and your reference number is JARZR20Q if you need to contact them between now and then.
Thanks! I also need to book a train leaving Cambridge on Wednesday.|I have many trains leaving from Cambridge to London kings cross on Friday. What time would you like to book the train for?
Uuh... actually, I'm headed to norwich from cambridge on Wednesday.|Sorry about the confusion on that, what time would you like to depart?
I would like to leave after 12:00 please, what do you have available?|I have many different times available. The first one leaves at 12:26 followed by 13:36, 14:36, 15:36, and so forth until 23:36. Which time would you like best?
12:26 should be okay can I please get the train ID and travel time?|I apologize see that the TR5574 leaves Cambridge for Norwich Wednesday at 12:36 and arrives at 13:55. Will that work for you?
Thank you for that information, that is all I need at this time.|I'm glad I was able to help! Thank you for using the Help Desk. Have a great day!
Hi, I'm looking for some information about Cambridge. Can you help me find a guesthouse to stay in? Money is no object!|I'd be happy to help with your request. To help narrow the results, what area are you looking to stay in?
Thanks for asking.  An expensive guesthouse in the west would be best for me.|I am sorry. There a no guesthouses available that meet your criteria. Do you want me to try a different location or price range?
moderate price range|I have one place. Would you like me to book it?
No I can book it myself.|Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
I'm sorry, I've changed my mind. Can you please make the reservation at the guesthouse for 6 people and 3 nights starting on Monday.|I'll be happy to book the guesthouse for you. That will be Hobson's House located on 96 Barton Road. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I'm also looking for a restaurant in the same area.|I booked the guesthouse for you and your reference number is 9JAU8IOR. As for the restaurant, do you have a preference of cuisine or price range?
Thank you! I would like to go to an Indian restaurant, please.|Are you looking for a particular price range or area? I'm showing six indian places in the west near your hotel, but they are all expensive.
why don't you pick one and reserve 6 people 3 nights starting Monday please|Would you like the reservation on Monday or starting monday?
Let's review. I am looking for an Indian restaurant in the west with a moderate price range. Once chosen, the restaurant booking is for Monday.|Ok great.The Meghna will fit your needs. How many people and what day?
6 people please on Monday at 18:45. Thanks!|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : XSNID0QW. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
That is all, Thank you very much.|Great! Thank you for call the Cambridge TownInfo centre.
I am looking for an expensive Italian restaurant.|How about Cafe Uno, in the centre of town, 32 Bridge Street City Centre
Sounds good. Could you book me a reservation for 8, Friday, at 16:15?|I'm sorry, I'm unable to book you a table at 16:15. Would you like to try another time?
Maybe 15:15 work work then. Could you try that?|Your booking was successful. You have a table reserved for 15 minutes. Your reference number is BVU9ETYF.
Great, thanks!  Can you also help me find a train departing norwich arriving by 11:45?|Did you want that train for Friday?
Yes, I do. I'll be taking the train into Cambridge.|There are 6 trains leaving to Cambridge on Friday. We have one leaving at 10:16 and arriving by 11:35. Would that be okay?
That would be perfect! Please make a booking for 8 people.|I was able to book the train for you. The reference number is 4ITZ3ZMO and the total fee is 140.8 GBP payable at the station.
Great! That is all I need today.|Thank you. Have a good day.
I need a train leaving after 14:30 on Wednesday.|Where would you like to depart from?
Hi, I'm looking for a train to Kings Lynn from Cambridge.|There is a train leaving at 15:11 that will arrive at 15:58.  Would you like assistance booking a ticket?
Yes, please make the booking for me.|I have booked you one ticket to leave at 15:11 from kings lynn and arriving at cambridge at 15:58. Reference number is DLDQIR5G.
Actually I need a booking for 2 people total not just me.|Your reference number is DOX6TU6M. You may pay 19.6 pounds at the station. Do you need help with anything else?
Yes I need a place to eat that is in the north and should serves indian food.|I would recommend The Nirala. It is moderately priced and located on 7 milton road chesterton
Can I have the postcode for that restaurant to please?|Sure thing it's cb41uy.
Thank you! So much. That's all I needed help with.|you are welcome always
That's all I needed today, have a good day.|Thank you for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre. We hope you have a pleasant visit.
How are you doing? Are there any European restaurants in the city center?|Yes, there are 8. What is your price range?
Can I get the name and address of one of the most inexpensive ones?|The phone number to the River Bar Steakhouse and Grill is 01223307030 and the address is Quayside Off Bridge Street.
Thanks so much. I am also looking for places to go in town. Can you help me with that?|What type of place are you looking for?
I would like to see colleges.  Can you please recommend one with no entrance fee, and let me know the area.  Thank you.|Churchhill College is free and in the west part of town
Thank you.  That was all I needed.|It was a pleasure assisting you. Have a wonderful night. Goodbye.
I want to take a train from Cambridge to Kings Lynn.|When would you like to travel?
It will be on Friday.|I have trains departing as early as 05:11 in the morning and as late as 23:11 in the evening. Any time preferences?
I want one that leaves after 13:00|TR8494 leaves Cambridge at 13:11 and arrives by 13:58, will this suit your needs?
Can you help me find and insanely expensive restaurant located in the centre of town please?|There are 33 expensive restaurants in the centre of town. Is there a specific type of food you would like?
Actually, sorry I got ahead of myself. I still want help booking a train that goes to kings lynn on friday after 13:00. I want to book for 5 people.|We have several.  Do you have a preferred arrival time?
No, I need to leave after 13:00|I have train TR8494 that leaves at 13:11 would that work for you?
That would be perfect! Can I have a reference number for the train?|Booking was successful, the total fee is 49 GBP payable at the station .
Reference number is : JCZKJYT9. Can I help with anything else?
Yeah, so that restaurant. I want something that serves fusion if possible.|I'm sorry I was unable to find a fusion restaurant. Would you like to try another type of food?
Yes please try mediterranean food.|I have two expensive mediterranean restaurants in the center. May I recommend shiraz restaurant for you?
OK. Can you give me their address and phone number?|Their phone number is 01223307581, and their address is 84 Regent Street City Centre. Would you like me to make a reservation?
I'll have to think about it, but thank you.|You are more than welcome!
That's all I need, thank you!|Thank you for contacting Cambridge TownInfo centre. Have a nice day!
Im looking for places to go in Cambridge , near east part of town and a nightclub in same area|I'm sorry, I haven't found any nightclubs in the east part of town, would you like to try a different area?
No, I need to stay in the east, can you look for swimming pools instead?|Abbey Pool and Astroturf Pitch is located in the east at Whitehill Road. Would you like more information on it?
Yes, can I have the postcode and the entrance fee, please!?|I'm not showing any information on the entrance fee.  The postcode is cb58nt.  The phone is 01223902088 is you would like to call them about the cost.
Thank you, can you also give me information on any restaurants in that area?|I have 9 different restaurants in the east. Do you have a type of food you are looking for?
I don't have a food preference type. I just want something expensive.|We have 5 expensive restaurants located in the east. The grafton hotel restaurant, yu garden, royal standard, pipasha restaurant, and sitar tandoori. Would you like to book for any?
Anything that is available for 6 people on tuesday at 19:15.|My apologies.  I tried to book at the east expensive restaurants for Tuesday at 19:15, but there was nothing available. Do you have a different day or time preference?
Can you try 18:15?|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Reference number is : YP7M0T3J. Is there anything else you need?
Yes, I need a taxi from the pool to the restaurant. Make sure I arrive by my reservation time please.|Your taxi is booked.  It is a grey bmw and the contact number is 07156793987 and will pick you up at the pool. Can I help you with anything else?
No, that should be all I need.  Thank you for your help!  Goodbye!|thank you for using out service
Yes, I'm looking for a moderately priced restaurant in the centre.|There are quite a few moderately priced restaurants in the centre of town. Do you have a food type preference?
No, maybe you could book me at your favorite for Saturday?    There will be 8 of us, at 17:30.|Well, my personal favorite is Copper Kettle. I've booked you a table for 8 on Saturday at 17:30. Your reference number is LSQYZI7O.
Great, thanks so much!|You're welcome. Do you need anymore assistance today?
No that was all I needed thanks for the help. Have a great day.|Thank you, enjoy your visit, goodbye!
I am looking for an expensive restaurant that serves Persian food.|There are no Persian restaurants listed. Is there something else I can search for?
How about a restaurant that serves European food?|There are 4 restaurants that meet those specification. Do you have a preference of the area of town it is located at?
The area doesn't matter.|Okay, I suggest the Cambridge Lodge Restaurant. They serve great European food and are located in the west part of town. Would you like their phone number?
Yes please. And the address as well.|their address is Hotel 139 Huntingdon Road City Centre and their phone number is 01223 355166.
Thank you goodbye.|Goodbye.
Are there any expensive restaurants in the North?|I have 5 expensive restaurants in the north.  Would you like french, european, chinese or asian oriental food?
Could I get the phone number and postcode for the european one?|Sure, it's City Stop Restaurant. Their postcode is CB41UY, and their phone number is 01223363270. Did you want to make a reservation?
No thank you. I'm also looking for a swimming pool, can you recommend one?|Sure let's have you go to the jesus green outdoor pool, it's in the north and they're between victoria road and the river.
Okay, thank you! What is their phone number?|Their phone number is 01223302579 and they are located between victoria road and the river. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No, that'll be it, thank you!|Thank yopu for usding this service
can i please have a cheap restaurant in the west ?|La Margherita is an Italian restaurant. It is located at 15 Magdalene Street City Centre. Phone number is 01223 315232.
Thank you very much. bye.|Thank you, goodbye.
I'm looking an expensive restaurant in the center.|There are 33 different restaurants to chose from in your criteria. What type of food do you want?
Anything you can recommend would be fine.|If you're for something a little exotic, I recommend Bedouin, which is an expensive restaurant in the center of town serving African food.
That sounds interesting. Can you give me their phone number and postcode? Also, is there a train leaving at 11:45 on Wednesday?|Bedouin's phone number is 01223367660 and their post code is cb12bd. There are 256 train departures on Wednesday - where do you need to go?
I need to go from cambride to birmingham new street.|There are 12 departures. What time do you need to depart or arrive?
I need to leave at 11:45|Unfortunately, I don't see anything for earlier.
Can you look again for 1 person?|Sorry, nothing before 12:01
What times are the 12 departures?|The train leaves on the :01 every hour starting at 10:01 with the final train leaving at 23:01
Okay, then I guess book it for 11:01 please. And I need a reference number please.|How many tickets do you need?
Just give me one.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 75.09 GBP which is payable at the station. The Reference number is : VXSYVE96.
Wonderful! Thank you for your help.|Is there anything else I can help you with today?
no, that will be all. thank you.|Alright. Have a good day!
I'm looking for a place that has Chinese food.|there are 17 chinese restaurants, do you prefer any price range or any area in town?
Yes, I'm looking for the address of one in the east part of town.|Yu Garden is a great, but expensive, Chinese restaurant. They are located at 529 Newmarket Road Fen Ditton. Is there anything else I can do for you?
Thank you goodbye|Goodbye.
I'm looking for a place called kambar, can you help me?|Sure! It is a nightclub located in the centre of Cambridge. The address is 1 Wheeler Street and admission is 5 pounds. Do you need more information?
Can I get the postcode and phone number for them please?|Certainly! Their phone number is 01223842725 and postcode is cb23qb. Can I help with anything else?
Thanks. I am also looking for a restaurant that serves lebanese food in the centre. Do you have any suggestions?|The ali baba is a very nice one. Should I book it for you ?
Yes can you please book that?|How many people and for what day?
Is the Ali Baba cheap?|It is in the moderate price range. Would you like a booking?
Well, then I really want to stay with something cheap. How about indian food?|I recommend kohinoor, they are indian with a cheap price, would you like more info or a booking?
Yes. I need their address and phone number as well.|the address is 74 Mill Road City Centre, and the phone number is 01223323639. Can I get you anything else?
Can you tell me which bus i can take to the restaurant?|Sure.  What day would you like to go?
The same day.|I'm sorry but I need the travel day to look that up for you?
I do not need a bus, have a nice day thanks for the restaurant information.|No problem is there anything else I can help you with today?
No thank you that will be all|thank you for using this service good bye
I need an information on a train from Cambridge to Ely, please.|There are several trains from Cambridge to Ely. What day and time would you like to travel?
I would like to travel on Saturday and get to Ely by 21:30.|The latest train will get you there by 20:17. It departs at 19:50. It is train TR6698. Would that work for you?
Can you tell me the price and travel time for that please?|It will cost 3.52 pounds and takes 17 minutes total. Would you like to book it?
No, I am also looking for a cheap restaurant in the centre.|We have several cheap restaurants in the center of town. Do you have a specific cuisine in mind?
I'm looking for something that offers light bites.|We don't have any locations that meet those specifics. Would you like to try for a different type of cuisine?
How about asian oriental?|I highly recommend J Restaurant.  It has great prices on Asian Oriental food and is in the center of town.  Would you like me to book you a reservation?
Yes please.  I need to book for 4 people on the same day.|What time would you like your reservation for?
I'd like to book it for 12:15 please.|Alright, I have your reservation booked at J Restaurant at 12:15 PM for 4 people.  Confirmation number is  ZB5SJ467. Is there anything else you might need?
May I also have the reference number please?|Your reference number is ZB5SJ467.
Thanks so much for all of your help.|Thank you for choosing Help Desk. Good Bye.
I'm looking for a restaurant called Thanh Binh.|We have a restaurant by that name at 17 Magdelene St. in the city center. Would you like me to make a reservation?
Yes, I'll have 4 people to dine  at 16:30 on Thursday.|You're all set! Your reference number is 2MNU3F8K. Do you need anything else?
Yes, can you help me book a train there as well?|Yes I can. What's your departure time and city please?
Forget about the train and help me find a theatre to go to while I'm in town|There are 5 located in the center.
Could you give me the post code, area and entrance fee for one of them?|Sure, the ADC Theatre is in the city centre at postcode cb58as. I don't have any information on the entrance fee.
Okay. I need a taxi to get to the restaurant by the booked time.|I can book you a taxi and I will get you a confirmation number
Yes I am looking for a local restaurant to dine that will serve expensive european food|eraina has a really good menu. Would you like me to book that for you?
Yes, please for one person.|What day and time would you like?
Perhaps I can call and ask a few questions. What is there phone # and address please?|Of course. Their phone is 01223368786 and they are at Free School Lane City Centre
Can I also get their postcode please?|Their post code is cb23rh. Can I help you with anything else?
Yes, I'm also looking for information on a train. I need to leave from Cambridge to Kings Lynn on Monday. I want to arrive by 13:45.|There are 8 possible trains to take, do you have a preference on your departure time from Cambridge?
I am not picky as long as I arrive on time.|The TR7430 leaves Cambridge at 12:11 and arrives at Kings Lynn by 12:58. Would you like to book tickets?
I would like to book for 8 people please.|I have your tickets reserved, the total fee is 78.4 GBP payable at the station and the reference number is: V6AXIQBL. Can I do anything else?
No, that will be all. Thank you for your help!|You're welcome. Have a great day!
Is the alpha-milton guest house still in operation?|Yes they are.  Still on the north side, woudl to liek me to book you or give you their contact info?
Great.  Can you reserve a room for me for Thursday?  There will be 2 of us and we would like to stay for 2 nights.|I reserved a room for you with reference number AOYFLXPT.  Is there anything else I can help you with today?
I am also looking for thai food in centre please.|I can reserve at the restaurant named Bangkok City
Okay please book a table for the same group of people at 14:15 on the same day.|I have made those reservations and your reference number is S7RZRH3P.
Thank you. I also need a taxi to get between the two.|sure, just to clarify: do you need a taxi to take you from the hotel to the restaurant? or vice versa?
i need to get from the hotel to the restaurant|Okay, when do you want to leave the hotel? When do you want to arrive at the restaurant?
I want to go from the Alpha-Milton to Bangkok City by 14:15.|I reserved a grey Ford for you. The contact number is 07711417288. Can I help you with anything else?
No, that's all I need. Thank you for your help.|Glad you chose us, enjoy your day.
What are my choices for a moderate hotel? I don't need free parking.|I have results for 18 moderately priced places, what area are you looking to stay in?
No particular area, I need a hotel with a 4 star rating.|Acorn guest house matches your requirements, would you like to book there?
Does it have free wifi?|The hotel does have internet.
Great can I get their address, phone number, and postcode?|The acorn guest house is located at 154 chesterton road, postcode cb41da and the phone number is 01223353888.
I am also looking for a restaurant. The restaurant should be in the same price range as the hotel and should serve European food.|Do you have a area preference?
Yes, in the centre.|I have 2 European and 2 Modern European. Do you have a preference?
I would like the restaurant to be in the Centre and serve European food.|There are 2 to choose from: Hotel Du Vin and Bistro, and Galleria, and there are 2 others that are similar, but serve modern european. Do any of these sound good?
I would like to make a reservation at Hotel Du Vin and Bistro.|Of course, when would you like your reservation to be and for how many people?
Six people on Wednesday, at 17:00|Excellent, I have booked you a table for 6 at 17:00. Tables are reserved for 15 minutes. The reference number is RI11SSDU.
Thank you so much for all your help!|Do you need anything else?
No that will be all.|Thank you for contacting Cambridge TownInfo Centre, enjoy you hotel stay and your dinner!
Hello.  I am interested in finding some good local restaurants.  Do you have any that you would suggest?|Cambridge has many wonderful dining options, is there a type of cuisine or price range that you are looking for?
I'm sorry, I actually need a train on Wednesday from Peterborough to Cambridge. I need to arrive by 10:00.|There are 8 trains that arrive before 10:00. The latest leaves Peterborough at 8:48 and arrives at 9:38. Would you like me to book that for you?
Yes,please book it for 7 people.|Your train is booked for Wednesday at 08:48, the reference number is REINB4ERO.  Can I help with anything else?
Yes, I'm also looking for a moderately priced restaurants in the east part of town.|There are three restaurants.  Would you prefer Italian or Indian?
I would prefer Italian please. Let me know what options you have for that cusine type.|pizza hut fen ditton offers italian cuisine.
Is that in the east in the moderate price range? If it is I would like a table for the same day for 7 people at 20:00 please.|Yes it matches all of your requests, however I'm very sorry that time is not available at pizza hut fen ditton. Would you like to try for another time?
Yes, I will try for a little earlier, how about 19:00?  I will need a reference number also.|I booked that for you and the reference number is: CXZ6IYHC.
Thank you that's all that I need!|Are you certain you don't need further assistance?
Yes. I do not need anymore assistance. Thank you.|Have a great day!
I need a train to stansted airport that leaves after 21:30. I am also going to be looking for local places to eat.|There are several departures to Stansted Airport with one every hour beginning at 22:08.  Would you like for me to look up a local restaurant for you?
I will take a seat on the 22:08 departure as long as it departs from Cambridge on Friday.  Yes, please find a restaurant.|How many tickets shall I book for you on the 22:08 train on Friday from Cambridge to Stansted Airport?
5 people for the train please.|Great I have booked your tickets for 5 people leaving at 21:40 and arriving at 22:08. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes I am also looking for a restaurant in the centre of town in the expensive price range.|The fitzbillies restaurant is in the town center and it meets what you are looking for.  Would you like for me to make you a reservation?
Perfect, can you book it for 5 people on the same day at 16:30?|Sorry, but they're all full at that time. Would you like to try a different time or perhaps another day?
Can we try for 15:30? I also need the reference number for the train booking.|Your reference number for the train is KVNAC7LA. I was able to book Fitzbillies for you at 15:30. Your reference number for the restaurant is UN2K2CD8. Is there anything else?
That's all, thank you.|Are you certain you don't need further assistance?
Yes, I'm sure. Thanks.|Have a great trip!
Are there any Australian food places in the south part of town?|I was not able to find any Australian restaurants in the south part of town
Are you sure? I am really looking for an expensive Australian place to dine in the south.|Yes, there are no expensive Australian restaurants in the south part of town. Would you like to look in a different area?
No, lets keep the same area but see if there might be an Indian restaurant instead.|How about Taj Tandoori? It is an expensive Indian restaurant in the south side.
Okay. I want to book a table for 5 people at 16:30 on sunday.|I was not able to book you a table for this time. Would you like to try a different day or time?
Can you see if a table is available at 15:30?|I was able to book a table of 5 for 15:30 at Taj Tandoori on Sunday. Your reference number is HJZCPH80, your table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Great thank you for your help today.|It was my pleasure. Was there anything else I could assist you with?
No, that's it for today. Goodbye.|Thank you for calling in, enjoy!
I'm looking for a restaurant in the center of town that serves food from the americas.|I'm sorry, but there are no restaurants that meet your requirements. Would you like to broaden your search criteria?
Yes, let's look for an Italian restaurant in the same area.|I'm sorry, I'm afraid I can't find any restaurant in this area that serve that type of food.  Are there any other types I can help you find?
Can you check again to see if there are any italian restaurants in the center of town?|There are 9 Italian restaurants which are centrally located, do you have a price range?
No, any of those are fine. Could I get the address for one of them?|Zizzi is located at 47-53 Regent Street. Can I help you with anything else?
Yes, I also need a train that will be departing from Kings Lynn on Monday.|There are 19 trains leaving kings lynn on friday. Where would you like to go?
I would like a train headed to cambridge that arrives by 9:30.|Yes I have a train that arrives in Cambridge by 08:58. All other trains arrive after 09:30. Would you like me to book it for you?
Yes. I want to book 6 people. I need the reference number as well.|Booking was successful for TR4758 , the total fee is 58.8 GBP payable at the station. Your reference number is : S080H7HT. Is there anything else I can help with?
This is all I need for now, thank you.|Enjoy your trip!
I'm looking for a place to stay, please.|In what area would you like to stay?
I prefer the east part of town.  And a 4 star rating if possible.|I have 6 in that area. Do you have a price range in mind?
No, price range doesn't really matter. It don't really care if they offer internet though.|Might I suggest the Leverton house? it's located in the east.
Is it  a safe place to stay ?|I do not have that info.
What is the price range?|The Leverton house is in the cheap price range.
Ok. That will be fine. I am also looking for a restaurant called Nandos City centre. What type of food do they serve?|Nandos city centre serves portuguese food. They're in the cheap price range and they're at 33-34 Saint Andrews Street.
I need a taxi to pick me up at the hotel and drop me at Nandos city center by 09:00|I booked a black BMW and the contact number is 07017169232. Is there anything else I can  help you with?
Perfect, thank you.|Thank you for calling.
I want to find a place to eat british food in the west part of the city|I found three restaurants that serve British food in the west part of town. What price range are you looking for?
In the west and prefer expensive price range|We have two restaurants that meet your specifications, would you like me to book you a table?
Yes, please do that for me. I would like to book a table for 8 people at 16:30 on Monday.|I have booked you a table for Graffiti. Your reference number is 7P63Q15Q. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, are there any boat in the area of the restaurant?|I apologize, there isn't any boating activities in the west part of town.  Is there another part of town you might be interested in?
Ok, well how about something educational--like a museum maybe?|Okay, Cambridge Artworks is in the west and is something I recommend. Would you like their information?
Great, could you give me the entrance fee, postcode, and phone number?|They have free entrance. Their phone number is 01223902168. Their postcode is cb13ef.
Great that's all I needed. Thanks for all your help. Have a good day.|You're very welcome! You too! Bye!
I would like an expensive restaurant in the south part of town|There are mexican, chinese, italian and indian restaurants in the area. Are there any food type in particular you would like?
I don't care.|Chiquito restaurant bar is a Mexican restaurant located in the south part of town and is in the expensive price range.
What is the address and phone number?|Chiquito restaurant bar is located at 2G Cambridge Leisure Park Cherry Hinton Road Cherry Hinton and their phone number is 01223 400170.
Thank you. Good bye.|thank you good bye
I need to find a place to eat in Centre please.|The Golden House is located at 12 Lensfield Road in the City Centre.  The phone number is 01842753771.
Thank you.  Can you let me know what the price range for the restraunt is?  I'm looking for somewhere cheap.|The Golden House is in the cheap price range.  Would you like to book a table?
What is the food type?|They serve chinese food there.
No. I need a guest house, same price as the dining place.|What area would you like to stay in?
meh, i don't really care about the area.|There are two guesthouses in the centre area. Alexander Bed and Breakfast and El Shaddai. Would you like a reservation for one of these?
Sure. I need a hotel for 5 people and 5 nights, starting on Tuesday. Please book El Shaddai for me.|You're booked! Your reference number is 0H9B4720. Can I assist you with anything further?
Yes, I'd like a taxi from the restaurant to the hotel, leaving by 18:45.|sure thing a black ford will be picking you up, contact number is 07417685839, anything else today?
That will be all today, thank you.|Thank you for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre.
I want to find out if there are any moderately priced hotels in the north part of the city.|We have a lot of those!  I like the acorn guest house.  Would that work for you?
Yes that would be great! Can I have some information on it?|The Acorn guesthouse is in the North and is a moderately priced 4 start hotel with internet and parking.
Could I getting a booking for 7 people?|Absolutely, just a few questions....when do you plan on arriving and how many days are you planning on staying?
I want to stay for 3 nights starting on Thursday.|Alright, I've booked your room and the reference number is 26VYTSIJ. Can I help you with anything else?
I also need a place to dine serving indian food.|I have a lot of Indian restaurants available. Can you tell me your price range or the area where you want to dine?
why don't you suggest one a book a table for 7 on thursday at 17:45|Would you prefer it be cheap, expensive or moderate price?
It doesn't matter as long as it is good.|Curry Prince is very good, and is moderately priced.
Is Curry Prince in the north? I realize now the restaurant should be in the same area as the hotel.|the nirala serves indian food on the north and its moderate. Can I book this for you ?
Yea please book that for the same group of people.|Booking was successful.
Reference number is : 26VYTSIJ.
Thanks, that's all I needed. Good bye.|You are very welcome! good bye.
I need information about a train.|Okay! Where would you like to go?
I need a train on thursday that'll arrive by 18:00, traveling from leicester to cambridge.|I have train TR1575 that leaves at 15:09 and arrives in Cambridge at 16:54. Would that work for you?
Yes, can you please book me for 3 people and get me a reference number?|I have booked you for 3 people on TR1575. Your reference number is Y4IU29UM. Can I do anything else for you?
Thanks, I need to find a danish restaurant in the centre of town|I am terribly sorry there aren't any, another type perhaps?
How about european food then?|Yes there are 4 results. How about hotel du vin and bistro?
What is the price range for hotel du vin and bistro?|That one is a moderately priced restaurant. It's fantastic!
I can't wait to try it. I'm not ready to make a reservation yet. Thanks for your help. I'll call back. Goodbye.|Thank you, we'll be happy to help when you're ready to make a reservation. Have a great day!
A cheap restaurant in the south part of town|We have two restaurants that meet your criteria, are you more interested in Chinese of Portuguese food?
Chinese, what is the number?|The Lucky Star is a chinese restaurant in the south and is in the cheap price range. Their phone number is 01223 244277.
What is their address?|Cambridge Leisure Park Clifton Way Cherry Hinton
What is the postcode please?|Their postcode is C.B 2, 1 U.J.
Thank you very much.|thank you, goodbye
I need to book a train|I can help you with that. Where are you headed?
I am going to Cambridge.|Great, can you tell me where you will be departing from and which day you want to travel and at what time?
I will be leaving from London Liverpool Street going to Cambridge on Sunday.|There is a train that leaves at 5:39 would you like me to book it for you ?
Yes please, just for one person.|Your booking was successful. Your reference number is DWZMV9KS.
Thanks! Now can you help me find an expensive gastropub restaurant in the centre please?|There are two that meet your criteria. The Backstreet Bistro, and The Slug and Lettuce. Would you like me to book one of those for you?
I'm not ready to reserve a table just yet, but could you give me the address, phone, and postcode for The Slug and Lettuce, just because its name is so awesome?|Their address is 34 - 35 Green Street, cb23ju. There is no phone number listed. I can reserve a table for you if you'd like.
No I just needed the information, thanks for your help you've be so helpful!|No problem, it was a pleasure assisting you today!
I would like to find a restaurant in the centre of town that serves irish food|I'm sorry but there are no restaurants matching your criteria. Would you like a different style of food?
How about french food?|There is Cote, an expensive French restaurnt in the centre of town.
Okay. May I have the phone number and address please?|sure, cote is located at bridge street city centre. Its phone number is 01223311053. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Thank you.|Okay thank you
Thank you goodbye.|thank you good bye
I need a place to stay in Cambridge that is rated 4 stars and has free wifi.|There are 21 hotels that meet your needs. Would you like to narrow your search by area and/or price range?
I also need free parking. Do they have that?|We have 19 that match your search now. Do you have any other preferences?
Not really. Can you book one of them for Friday for me?|You are set.  I have made you a reservation at the Limehouse for Friday night.
Thank you. Can I have the reference number for that reservation please?|Sure, for how many nights will you be staying?
I just want the reservation number for Friday please.|I'm happy to book that for you. I just need to know how many nights you'll be staying. Also, how many people?
4 nights. 3 people. Please include reference number in your response.|Sure, your room is booked, and your reference number is USB3QCDT. Is there anything else I can do for you?
I'd also like to line up a place to eat, if you could help me with that.|Sure thing! What type of cuisine are you looking for, what area of town, and/or what type of price range?
I'd like a moderately priced European restaurant in the centre, please.|Hotel du vin and bistro serves european food in the moderate price range. It is located at 15 - 19 Trumpington Street. Would you like to reserve a table?
Yes, please. I need a table on Friday at 12:30 for 3 people, please.|The booking was unsuccessful, would another day or time work?
How about Friday at 11:30? Please include the reference number for the booking.|I have booked a table for 3 at 11:30. Your reference number is OUR3L525. Can I help with anything else?
Thank you. How far away is the Restaurant from the hotel?|The hotel's address is 78-80 milton road.
Thank you for all your help today.|You are welcome.  Can I help you with anything else today?
No thank you. That will be all.|Thank you for using are service and let us know if you have any future needs.
Can you recommend me a moderate priced restaurant in the north part of town?|I found two restaurants in the moderate price range in the north part of town. Would you prefer Chinese or Indian food?
Can I have the address of the Chinese restaurant?|The Golden Wok is a Chinese restaurant in the north part of town.  The address is 191 Histon Road Chesterton.
ok thank you good bye|goodbye
I am looking for a place to dine located in the centre and in the moderate price range. Can you help me?|You're in luck, we have many moderately priced restaurants in the centre. Cuisine offerings vary from asian oriental to european. What sounds good to you today?
is there chinese available?|Yes, there are 3.  Can I make a dinner reservation for you at one of them?
Yes please make it for sunday at 14:00, for 4 people. And can I also get the reference number?|I was able to book Ian Hong House, reference number is E8V1XGOA.
Thanks so much!|Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
No thank you. That will be all.|Great! Please contact us again if you need anything else.
I want to find a restaurant in the north part of town and serves international food.|I'm sorry, there are no international restaurants listed in that area.  Would you like to try something else?
Are there any Italian restaurants in that part of town?|Yes. da vinci pizzeria restaurant in the north part of town and in the cheap price range.  Would you like more information for them?
Yes, the address and phone number please.|Here is the information you have requested. phone number is 01223 351707, and address is 20 Milton Road Chesterton. Will that be all?
thank you . good bye|You're welcome. Goodbye.
Hi, I'll be visiting soon and can't wait to try local restaurants. I need a cheap place to stay and would like to try a guesthouse. Any recommendations?|Great! There are 9 guesthouses in Cambridge that are cheap. Is there a certain area you prefer?
I would prefer to stay on the East side, with free parking available.|That narrows it down to three: the Allenbell, Autumn House, and Leverton House. Do any of these sound good to you?
yes i will take the first choice can you book it for 4 people for 2 nights starting wednesday  and i need a reference number|Your booking is all set! The reference number is 7TT8FO52. Is there anything else you need?
Yes, I am also looking for a restaurant in the same area as the hotel within the same price range as the hotel.|We have The Missing Sock, they serve international cuisine. Would you like me to reserve a table for you?
That sounds great! Can I get a table for 4 at 13:15 Wednesday?|Your booking is all set. The reference number is  MNOLS7EN. Can I help with anything else?
That's all. Thanks for the help!|Have a wonderful day!
I am looking for a train from Stevenage to Cambridge.  Can you help me?|Of course! What day would you like to leave and what time would you like to arrive?
I am looking to arrive by 17:15 on tuesday.|I have found you a train that leaves at 15:54 and arrives by 16:43. Would you like this one?
Yes could you please book that for me for 8 people and provide a reference number for the booking.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 102.4 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : AIM1QZ4C.
Thank you! I also am looking for a place to eat at in the west area. I would prefer a nice expensive one.|We have many fine restaurants in the west, but I recommend Sala Thong, which serves Thai food. Would you like to book a table?
Is there any place to eat that serves Indian?|Which area are you referring to?
I would like it to be in the West of town.|Would you like me to reserve a table?
Yes please book it for 8 people on tuesday at 20:15|Which restaurant should I book? There are 5, in the west, that serve Indian food.
Can you suggest one that has an expensive price range, please?|Yes, I recommend Tandoori Palace. It meets your specifications. Would you like to book a table?
Yes, please book a table for 8 on Tuesday at 20:15. I'd also like the reference number, please?|I have the reservation booked at the restaurant. The reference number is 2YCEETCJ.
Thank you so much. I think that will be it for today. You've been a great help. Goodbye.|I'm glad I could help. Have a wonderful trip and a wonderful day. Goodbye.
Please find me a place in the South that serves Chinese food|I have 3 choices of chinese restaurants. 2 are more expensive and there is 1 option that is cheaper. Do you have a preference?
Yes, I would like the one in the cheap price range.|The Lucky Star is a chinese restaurant in the south in the cheap price range.
Sounds good. What is the address and phone number?|The address is Cambridge Leisure Park Clifton Way Cherry Hinton, the phone number is 01223244277. Would you like to book a table? Or is there anything else I can help with?
I need to take a train that arrives by 15:00 on sunday.|I found 198 trains. where are you leaving from?
I am leaving from Cambridge.|Great, and where are you traveling to?
I need to get to Leicester.|There's one that departs at 12:21. Would you like to take that train?
YEs can you book that for me please?|Yes I can, how many tickets would you like me to book for you?
I actually just need the departure time please.|The train will leave at 12:21. Do you need any other information?
No, thank you very much.|you are welcome
Okay. Well goodbye then.|Thank you for calling and have a nice day. Goodbye.
I would like information on the Gonville hotel.|The gonville hotel is in the city centre. It is expensive, and has 3 stars. Free internet and parking. Address is gonville place. Can I get you a booking?
Sure, I need a reservation for 4 people and 3 nights starting on Saturday.|I was able to reserve that for you. Your reference number is 28PZGFFT.
Thank you so much!|Thank you. Is there anything else?
Are there any expensive thai paces in the area?|There is bangkok city in the centre would you like me to make you a reservation?
Is that in the west?|It is in the centre, not the west.
I need something in the West|Sala thong is a great thai restaurant on the west side located at 35 Newnham Road Newnham. Do you need any more information?
What postcode is that?|cb39ey. What else may I do for you?
I also need a taxi that will leave the restaurant by 09:15|Okay, what time do you need to leave?
I need to leave the restaurant by 09:15 to go the hotel. Can you book a taxi for me?|Booking completed!
Booked car type	:	yellow volvo
Contact number	:	07044362431
Can I help with anything else?
No that's it, thank you.|Thanks again for using our service, enjoy your stay!
Can you find me an expensive restaurant that serves steakhouse food?|unfortunately there are no restaurants that suits you. do you want to try something else?
Yes. How about a restaurant serving british food?|I've found several British restaurants in the expensive price range. Does the area of town matter to you?
No it doesn't matter|Fitzbillies restaurant serves British food, is located in the center of town and is in the expensive price range.
May I have the phone number, please?|Certainly. The number is 01223 352500. Can I assist you any further?
Can I have the address please?|fitzbillies restaurant is located at 51 Trumpington Street City Centre.  Can I help you with anything else?
No, that was it. Thank you.|Thanks, have a nice day.
I need to find some caribbean food in south town.|There are no Caribbean restaurants in the south of town. Would you like something else?
How about an Italian restaurant? I will need the phone number and postcode of the restaurant.|There is frankie and bennys, their post code is C.B 1, 7 D.Y and their phone number is 01223 412430.
What part of town is frankie and bennys located?|frankie and bennys is in the south part of town.
Thank you, goodbye|Bye.
I would like to try something new, I am looking for an Irish restaurant, preferably in the moderate price range.|I am sorry their are no irish restaurants in my data base, may I help you with something else
Yes, I'd be willing to try international cuisine if you could find an establishment that serves it.|I have 2 in the centre of town,the varsity restaurant and bloomsbury restaurant
Could you give me the phone number and postcode for the Bloomsbury?|The phone number is 08719429180 and the postcode is cb23dt. Do you need anything else?
Yes.  I need to find a train going to Stansted Airport by 19:30.|Okay, what day would you like to leave?
I would like to leave on Monday|There are 14 trains on Monday from cambridge to stansted airport.  For clarification, do you want to leave or arrive by 19:30?
I need to arrive by 19:30.|The TR4964 arrives by 06:08 on monday, and is 10.10 pounds.
Thank you so much, that is all I need.|You're very welcome, have a wonderful day!
I would like an expensive restaurant in the south part of town|Chiquito Restaurant Bar is an expensive restaurant on the South part of town. Would you like the phone number?
Is there anything else?|Peking Restaurant is a Chinese restaurant located in the south part of town and is expensive price range.  Do you need any additional information?
I need the address.|Peking is at 10 Homerton Street City Centre.  Do you need their phone number?
No. this is it. thank you so much|You're very welcome.
What kind of restaurants are on the east side of town?|There are British, Indian, Italian, International, and Chinese restaurant. Plus a gastropub.
I would like an Indian restaurant.|Curry Prince is located in the east area and serves indian food.
What is the address and phone number?|Their address is 451 Newmarket Road Fen Ditton and phone 01223 566388.
Thank you goodbye.|Glad to be of service.  Goodbye.
I'm looking for a cheap place to stay. Can you help?|I have a number of cheap hotels available; do you want to stay in a particular area of town?
I don't care which area the hotel is in.|Ok, would you prefer a guesthouse or a hotel?
any so long as it is a 2star and has wifi|I'm sorry I don't have any matches. Do you want me to check a different price range?
Yes, please try expensive.|I'm sorry, there's not guesthouse fitting THAT description either.  Do you want to try a different hotel type or something?
Try either a hotel or guesthouse.|The express by holiday inn cambridge is a 2 star hotel in the east area that is expensive. It has wifi and parking. Would you like to make a reservation?
yes please. book it for 3 people and 3 nights starting from friday.|Booking was successful.
Reference number is : DAEY6JJV.
Thank you. I am also looking for a restaurant that serves vegetarian food and that is expensive.|I don't seem to have any vegetarian restaurants. Do you have a second choice for cuisine?
Italian would be fine.|There are 5 expensive Italian restaurants around town is there an area you prefer?
No any area will work. Whatever you recommend. I need a reservation for Friday, 3 people at 13:45. Please include the reference number.|I reserved a table for you at stazione restaurant and coffee bar, you ref # is SUY8VW, anything else for you today?
No, that's it!  Thank you for all your help!|ok, have a great day!
Can you please recommend an inexpensive restaurant in the South part of town?|How about the lucky star, a nice chinese place in the south
Is it cheap and in the south?|Yes, the Lucky Star is both cheap and in the south part of town.
OK.  What is the address?|The address is Cambridge Leisure Park Clifton Way Cherry Hinton.
What is the phone number?|The phone number for the Lucky Star is 01223 244277. Is there anything I can help you with?
That is all, thank you, goodbye.|enjoy your meal?
Hi I'm looking for a place to eat in the centre of town serving Indian food.|What price range would you like?
The price doesn't matter.|Well I have Curry Garden in the expensive price range that is very good.
I'd like for you to book me a table at 15:15 on Friday for 5 please.  If that isn't available, how about Saturday? I need a reference number please.|You are all set, the reference number is AOXH1ZCQ, can I help with anything else?
I also need a guesthouse to stay in.|What is the price range you're looking at?  Cheap, moderate, or expensive?
I would like an expensive guesthouse please.|I'm sorry, I don't see any expensive guesthouses.  Do you want to try another type or price range?
Yes, can you please check guesthouses in the moderate price range?|there are 15 choices. did you have an area in mind?
Can you recommend one and provide me with their star rating and area?|arbury lodge guesthouse is a very popular guesthouse located in the north part of town with a 4 star rating including both internet and parking
I also need a taxi.|Can you tell me which two places you are going between and the time you want the car?
I need a taxi to take me from the guesthouse to the restaurant please. I'll need to arrive by 15:15.|Ok I need the name of departure and name of destination.
I'm going from the guesthouse to the restaurant. Again, I'll need to arrive by 15:15.|I have finished booking for you. You will be looking for a black Volkswagen. The contact number is 07359059357. Anything else for you today?
Thank you but that will be all.|I'm glad I could help.
I need a place to go in the centre.|Great!  I can help you with that.  Are you looking for an attraction of some sort, a restaurant, or a place to stay?
I am looking for an attraction in the Centre please.|I have castle galleries which is a museum and has free admission.
Great. I need to find a place to eat too that has indian food near the centre of town.|Kohinoor is a great Indian Restaurant in the Centre. Would you like more information or allow me to book you a table.
Yes, please book a table for 8 people at 11:30 on tuesday.|I have your table reserved. The reference number is awt6mw8f. Can I help you with anything else?
Nope, that's all I need today. Thank you for your help!|Thank you for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre!
I'm looking for a moderate place to dine in the south. Do you have any recommendations?|There are 2 moderately priced restaurants in the south. Would you prefer Italian or Modern European?
I think modern European sounds good. Can you book me a table for 7 people at 19:45 on a Friday?|I'm so sorry, but they have no available reservations for that day and time. Would you like me to try another time or day?
Can you find me another restaurant then, just so its in the south with a moderate price range. I need a table for 7 Friday at 19:45.|That time is not available for the other restaurants as well. Would you like to book a different time or day?
Would you check the moderately priced Italian restaurant in the south please?|I apologize, there was in fact an open table at the modern European restaurant. I've booked you at Restaurant Alimentum for 7 on Friday at 19:45.
Could I please get the reference number for the booking?|Your reference number is HVTAFS9X. Can I help you with anything else?
Yes, I'm also looking for some interesting architecture in town.|I have some great architecture attractions for you, all in the center of town. Might I recommend All Saints Church?
that sounds interesting, im also looking for a restaurant|Remember, I've already booked you for Restaurant Alimentum for 7 on Friday at 19:45. Anything else?
Yes, a taxi please! I need to get from the church to the restaurant by 19:45. Gotta make sure I get there for that reservation!|Your booking was successful! The car type is a grey bmw and the contact number is 07119825098.
Thank you so much!|Great I am glad we could help.
I am looking for a cheaply priced restaurant in the centre of Cambridge.|There are a large number of options to choose from. Do you have a preference for the type of food you would like?
No I'm not picky, anything is fine as long as it's in the centre of town. I need to make a reservation for 2 on Sunday.|What time would you like your reservation?
12:00 please, I will need a reference number. I also need a train that goes to stansted airport leaving after 10:30.|Okay. I have booked you for 2 at 12:00 at the Dojo noodle Bar on Sunday.
Great thanks so much. Can you give me the reference number and also I need to get a train when your ready.|The reference number is RLOFK7YF. What do you need for your train?
I need the train to leave Cambridge on Monday after 10:30 and go to Stansted Airport, and I need two tickets. I also need my reference number please.|There are 14 trains leaving Monday from cambridge to stansted airport after 10:30. The closest departure to that would be TR8207 leaving at 10:40. Shall I book this for 2?
Yes that is perfect, please also provide me with the reference number.|Booking was successful for TR8207, the total fee is 20.2 GBP payable at the station. Your reference number is W7D3D21R. Is there any further assistance needed?
That should be all thank you|Have a great trip!
I'm leaving Cambridge and am looking for a train that should leave on Monday.|Where would you like to arrive? I have some arriving at london kings cross on monday. There are other arrival places also available.
I need to depart for Birmingham New Street after 20:15. Thank you so much for your help, you're doing a wonderful job!|Okay there are several trains that leave after that time to the destination you listed. Would you like a reference number to one of them?
Yes I would like to book for 4 people and I need the reference number.|Would the TR2392 that arrives in birmingham new street by 23:44 be okay for booking?
That would be great thank you. I am also looking for halal food located in the Centre. Can you help me find one?|There are no restaurants matching your requirements in that area.
Can you give me alternate expensive restaurants in the Centre?|There are several.  Do you have any food preferences?
Yes, please tell me about Italian food.|There are four expensive Italian restaurants in the centre region: Stazione Restaurant and Coffee Bar, Clowns Cafedon Pasquale Pizzeria, and Caffe Uno. Would you like to try getting a reservation?
I would like to try Caffe Uno.|What time would you like your reservation for?
I would like the reservation for 14:45 for 4 people on Monday, please.|You are now booked for Cafe Uno. Your reference number is 0CTGEFMD.  Your table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
That's all I needed, thank you.|You're welcome. Have a great day!
I want a cheap restaurant in the east part of town. What is the address and postcode?|How about The Missing Sock?  They serve international food at Finders Corner Newmarket Road, postal code C.B 25, 9 A.Q .
Thank you, goodbye.|Woah, okay, bye.
Can you help me find a place to stay? I'm looking for somewhere in the west.|I can help with that.  Would you like a hotel or a guesthouse?
That doesn't really matter, but I do need it to include free wifi.|There are four possibilities. Do you have a price range in mind?
We would like it to be in the expensive price range.|The huntingdon marriott hotel fits your criteria, would you like me to book you a room?
Yes, sounds get.  I need to get a room for just myself for 5 nights starting monday|I have booked a room for five nights beginning Monday for a party of 1. Your reference number is IXEZZNYL. Can I help you find anything else in the city?
Yes please, can you help me find a restaurant that serves British food in the same area as my hotel?|Would you prefer moderate or expensive prices?
It doesn't matter. You can just recommend the one you think is best as long as it is british and in the same area as my hotel|Booking was successful. Reference number is : IXEZZNYL.
Uhh Yes, the name of the place please?   After that I need a taxi from the hotel to the restaurant to arrive at the mysterious unnamed restaurant.|The name is Saint Johns Chop House.   What time would you like a taxi for?
I would like it to arrive by my booked time at the restaurant which is 14:15.|Your booking is complete. A blue Lexus has been assigned to pick you up. 07848295370 is the contact number. Anything else I can do?
No that is everything I needed. Thank you.|You are quite welcome! Goodbye!
I need a hotel in Cambridge that is a 4 star and has WiFi|Based on your request I found the University Arms Hotel is available.
Is that located in the west? I also need free parking.|It is in the west and it does include parking. How many days would you like to stay?
I would like to stay for 2 nights starting from saturday. Also book it for 5 people.|I have booked the hotel starting Saturday for 5 people for 2 days.  The reference number is 18OADQCC. Is there anything else I can do for you?
Can you also find me an expensive indian restaurant?|The curry garden is an expensive restaurant located in the centre of town. Do you want me to book a table?
Actually I would like a place in the same area as the hotel, if possible.|There are 5 expensive indian restaurants in the west, tandoori place, cocom, rice boat, maharajah tandoori restaurant and india house, do you have a preference?
I'd like to try the Maharajah Tandoori. Could you give me their phone number and postcode?|Of course, the phone number is 01223358399 and the post code is cb30ah. Is there anything else I can help you with?
That will be all, thank you for your help.|Thank you for contacting Cambridge TownInfo centre.  Have a nice trip!  Goodbye!
Hi there, can you help me find a good Chinese restaurant? I seriously need some egg rolls.|There are 17 Chinese restaurants. Are you looking for any particular area or price range?
I'd like it to be in the north, and expensive would be best.|I would recommend either Hakka or The Hotpot.  Would you like for me to book a reservation for one of these restaurants?
Lets try Hakka,can you book a table for 8 people at 16:30 on tuesday?|It is booked! Your table will be reserved for 15 minutes and your reference number is VWDBTAYR.
Thank you! I'm looking for a place to stay in the moderate price range.|A and B guest house might fit your needs. Would you like me to book it?
I'd actually like a hotel instead of guesthouse and in the centre of town.|i'd like to suggest to you cityroomz
I will be in the centre area and would like to visit some atractions. Can you assist me.|There are 44 attractions in the centre. Are you interested in architecture, boat, cinema, college, concerthall, museum, nightclub, park, swimming pool, or theatre?
What do you have in nightclubs?|Kambar is a very popular nightclub at 1 Wheeler Street. Entrance is 5 pounds. Does that sound like fun?
That sounds amazing! I also want to go to a modern european restaurant in the same area as the nightclub.|Darrys cookhouse and wine shop is a very nice modern European restaurant in the centre.  Would that work?
Yes, thank you. That's all I need.|Well that was easy.  I am glad to have helped and hope you enjoy your stay.  Have a nice day.  Good bye.
Thank you, goodbye!|You're welcome. Enjoy your stay!
I need a train from kings lynn to go to cambridge|What day will you be traveling on?
saturday and I want to leave sometime after 13:30 leaving kings lynn and going to cambridge|The TR9346 leaves at 14:11. Would you like to book some tickets?
Yes, please book for one person.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 7.84 GBP payable at the station .
Reference number is : CJ3UDSFH.
I'm also looking for a place to dine. The restaurant should be in the cheap price range and should serve spanish food|There is one place available. Would you like for me to book a table?
Yes please book for 1 at 19:00 on Saturday.|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Reference number is : LBSSZORN.  What else can I help you with today?
That is all I need, thank you. Good bye.|Thank you have a great day.
I need a place to dine on Indian food. Centre of the town please.|Sure, is there a specific price range you are looking for?
No. Just a place that can accommodate a table of 8 at 17:15 on Sunday.|You have a reservation at Saffron Brasserie for 8 people on Sunday at 17:15. Reference #Q7C8EX21. Can I help you with anything else today?
I need to find a 3 star guest house that has free wifi. Can you help me?|on what area should your hotel be?
The area doesn't matter, I'd just like a guesthouse with free wifi and parking.|There are 3 options. I recommend hamilton lodge. Want me to book it for you?
No need to book, just tell me the price range, postcode, and address if you could|Hamilton lodge is moderately priced. The postcode is cb41da and they are located at 156 chesterton road. Will that be all for you today?
Yes, that's all. Thank you. Have a great day. Goodbye.|Glad I could help. Have a great day.
Hi. I am trying to find some information on a restaurant called India House.  Have you heard of it?|India House serves Indian food in the west of town and is expensive. Their phone number is 0122346166. Can I help with anything else?
Great can  you book a table for one person at 12:00 on sunday?|I'm sorry, they don't have an opening at 12:00. Would you like to try a different time or day?
Sure, let's try for 11:00, same day.|I was able to book your table on Sunday at 11:00 for 1. The reference number is FRGW4OO2.
Thanks.  That covers it then!|I'm so happy we could help you out today. Enjoy your meal in Cambridge!
Please help me find a four star hotel.|There are many 4 star hotels. What area and price would you like to be in?
Somewhere South, mid price range and preferably a guesthouse type of hotel.|I've found the aylesbray lodge guest house.  It has a moderate price and 4 stars.  It offers free internet and parking.  Shall I book it for you?
Yes can you please book that.|Ok I will book it for you
I need it for 3 nights starting Thursday. There will be 5 of us.|You're all set I've booked the Aylesbray lodge guesthouse for 3 nights 5 people starting Thursday. Your reference # is DTX3QITL. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Is there any expensive Irish restaurants?|Sorry, no venues found. Want to change the food type or price range?
Okay, let's adjust the food type to african please|The Bedouin serves African food, would you like me to book that for you?
No, I just need the address and phone number.|They are at 100 Mill Road City Centre and can be reached at 01223367660. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
I would like a cab leaving the hotel by 8:00 going to the restaurant, I need contact number and car type please.|Your red bmw was successful. Your contact number is 07998933072.
Thank you. I do not need any further help right now.|Okay, it was my pleasure to assist you. goodbye
Hi I need a train for Saturday please.|Alright I have 404 entries for saturday  . Do you have a particular time or departure site in mind ?
I need to depart from Stansted Airport on Saturday after 13:45.|And where will you be going?
I am going to cambridge.|There are 8 trains available, do you have a specific departure time in mind?
Yes, I would need to depart sometime after 13:45. What do you have available?|How about the TR4230 train? It leaves at 14:24 and arrives at 14:52.
Yes, that will be fine. I would like to book the train for 2 people please.|Okay, I've booked 2 tickets for you, and your reference number is EO86W7MK.
Fantastic, I'd also like a moderately priced restaurant in the centre of town, please.|Asian or british food?
I would like Japanese food please.|I am afraid I don't show any japanese restaurants in the centre area. Do you have another preference?
Maybe modern european?|I do have 2 options for modern european. Would you like to see reviews of those?
Just pick the one you like best and provide its phone number and address please.|riverside brasserie is a great choice! They're located at Doubletree by Hilton Cambridge Granta Place Mill Lane you can reach them at 01223259988.
Thank you, that should be all today, thanks!|It was a pleasure helping. Thanks for using our service. Have a nice day. Goodbye.
I need a train leaving cambridge I want to be at my designation by 17:45.|What is your destination site and what day are you planning to travel on?
I need to arrive in birmingham new street by 17:45 on wednesday.|I have train TR5558 arriving on 17:44 is that okay?
Yes, that will work. Can I make a booking for 7 people please? I will need a reference number.|Yes I will get a confirmation number for 7
Thanks. Again, it is for Wednesday.|Booking was successful for TR5558. The total fee is 525.69 GBP payable at the station. Reference number is: 7GOR98HS. Do you need further assistance with anything?
Thanks. I am also looking for a cheap Chinese restaurant. Can you help me with this?|Would you prefer in the Centre or South area?
South area please.|I have found The Lucky Star that meets your requirements. Would you like me to book it for you?
Please for Wednesday at 14:45.|How many people will be in your party?
For all 7 of us, and I'll need the reference number for that as well.|Great. Your reference number is TIA1WMSZ.
Thank you for all your help. That will be it for now.|Thank you is there anything else today that I can help you with?
Thanks for you help. That is all.|Have a good day!
I would like a cheap Spanish restaurant.|La Raza is a cheap Spanish restaurant.  Would you like their phone number or address?
Yes please|La Raza's phone number is 01223 464550 and the address is 4 - 6 Rose Crescent.  Anything else I can help you with?
Thank you goodbye.|Good bye.
Hi, I'm trying to find a moderate turkish place to eat at. Is there anything like that?|There are two restaurants that fit your criteria. The Anatolia and the Efes Restaurant. Which one do you prefer?
Are either of those in the centre of town?|Yes, they both are.
Okay. Can you book me a table for 4 at the Anatolia?|Sure. What day and time would you like?
I need it for Saturday at 14:15.|Your table has been reserved and will be held for 15 minutes. Your reference number is N25GQTNZ. Can I help with anything else today?
I need a train departing from Peterborough on the same day as the restaurant booking.|There are lots to choose from. What time would you like to arrive or depart by?
I want to arrive by 11:30. Departure time doesn't matter, but I'd like to know what time.|I have located several options for you. All trains cost 13.20 pounds and 50 minutes long. Trains leave from 7:48 to 10:19 for arrival by 11:30. Do you have a preference?
I prefer the 10:19 train please. thank you.|Great. I was able to book you into that seat and your reference number is UCWR9ZCJ.
Thank you, have a nice day.|You're most welcome.
I would like a cheap Mexican restaurant, please.|What part of town would you like to dine in?
I don't care|I'm sorry, but our only Mexican restaurant is expensive.  Would you like more information or could I search for another type of restaurant for you?
Is there any Cheap vietnamese locations?|Thanh binh is a cheap vietnamese restaurant.
May I get the phone number of Thank binh, please?|The phone number for thanh binh is 01223 362456.  May I help you with anything else today?
No, I believe that it's. Thanks for your help.|You're welcome.
Would you happen to know of any attractions involving architecture in Cambridge?|There are several beautiful churches in the center; are you willing to pay to enter?
Yes, could you please provide the addresses and entrance fees for the churches in the center?|Sure, All Saints Church on Jesus Lane and Holy Trinity Church on Market Street are free to enter. Great Saint Mary's church on Market Square is 2 pounds to enter.
I am also looking for Chinese food in the city center. Can you help me find some restaurant options?|We have 10 Chinese restaurants in the centre area. What price range are you looking for?
I prefer something in the expensive price range.|The Sesame Restaurant and Bar sounds perfect for you.  Would you like me to reserve it?
I just need the address, postcode and telephone number for the restaurant at this time.|They are located at 17 Hills Road City Centre, their postcode is cb21nw, and phone number is 01223358899.
Can you help me look for a taxi that will leave All Saints Church by 17:45?|Could you tell me your destination please?
I need to go to the sesame restaurant and bar.|Okay, I've booked a car for you. It's a white Tesla. The contact number is 07746645374. What else can I do for you?
That will be everything I needed today. Thanks for your help!|You're welcome! Have a nice day. Goodbye.
I'm looking for a guest house with free parking.|The are 21 options, any other preferences that you haven't mentioned yet?
I'd like it to be in the centre, 4 stars preferably.|I have alexander bed and breakfast that meets that information, would you like me to make a booking?
No but I would like the post code please.|Sure here is the post code you nedeed cb12de.
Thank you.  I'm also interested in finding a cheap Italian place to eat.|I have several options is there a certain area you were interested in?
Yes, I need it to be located in the town centre.|Ok, there are three places in the town centre. I recommend zizzi cambridge. Would you like me to book a table for you?
No thank you. I'd prefer to book it myself. May I have the telephone number for the restaurant?|Here it is. 01223365599, Will there be anything else?
that is all i needed for today thanks for your help|You are welcome. I can also help arrange transportation or suggest attractions, if you wish.
No, thank you. I have all I need.|You are welcome, enjoy your stay.
Can you give me the address for an indian restaurant in the south part of town?|taj tandoori is the only one matching your request. you can contact them at 01223 412299.
What is the address and price range?|The address of the venue is 64 Cherry Hinton Road Cherry Hinton and in expensive price range.
Thank you, goodbye.|Thank You and come again.
Yes, I'd like some information on finding a particular restaurant. The restaurant should serve a variety of Jamaican food and ideally I'd like it to be located in the south please.|I'm sorry but I have no Jamaican restaurants located in the south. Could we try another part of the city or different food type?
No I am looking for that specifically.|Then we have a problem, because such a restaurant  does not exist. I'm sorry. Is there anything else I can help you with?
How about one that serves italian food?|I have listings for 2 italian places,one moderate and one expensive, which one you like information on?
I'd like to book at the expensive place. There will be 8 of us, and we'd like to eat at 15:00 on Monday.|I apologize the booking was unsuccessful.   Would you like to look at another restaurant
Can you find me another restaurant int he same area and price range please?|Would you like to try chiquito restaurant bar?
Yes please try booking that for me.|Wonderful. I was successful in booking The Chiquito restaurant for you and your reference number is OCGZRNU0.
Thank you so much for all of your help. That will be all.|You are welcome. Thank you for contacting Cambridge TownInfo centre. Have a great day!
Can you help me find an expensive Panasian restaurant, please?|I don't see anything with that criteria. Perhaps you would like a different cuisine?
Are you sure there isn't any in the centre?|Sorry there is no panasian food in any area. Would like me to find a different restaurant?
Can you look for chinese food?|I found a chinese restaurant named tang chinese located at Napier Street City Centre would you like to reserve a table?
book a table for 6 people at 14:45 on tuesday.|Okay, Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : MCSWQ2W5. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I also need to train leaving from cambridge on thursday.|I have many trains meeting your request.  What is your destination and preferred departure and arrival times?
My destination is London Liverpool Street, departing on Wednesday from Cambridge after 14:15.|I have a train TR 2815 leaving cambridge at 15:59 on wednesday and arriving at 17:27 at london liverpool street. Would you like to book this?
No, could you give me the price, arrival time, and overall travel time, please?|The arrival time is 17:27. Price is 16.60 pounds. Duration is 88 minutes.
Thank you for your assistance.|Was there anything else I can do for you today?
Actually, that's all I needed.  Thank you for the help!  Goodbye.|Great! Have a great day.
Are there any hotels that offer both free parking and free wifi?|Almost every place in Cambridge meets those requirements! Do you have an area or price range in mind?
I need it to be in the cheap range.  Thanks for helping me with this!|You're very welcome. We have ten great, inexpensive guesthouses spread throughout Cambridge, such as our Alexander Bed & Breakfast which is rated 4 stars.
That sounds great. I would like to book that for 8 people and 4 nights starting from Tuesday.|Booking was successful. Reference number is : IQ8WDOKB. Is there anything more I can help you with?
I am also looking for the Shanghai family restaurant|Yes of course, the Shanghai Family Restaurant is located in the centre of town, would you like me to book it for you?
May I just get their phone number please.  I am also going to need a taxi.|Their phone number is 01223301761. Where are you headed in your taxi?
I want to leave the hotel at 11:15 and go to the restaurant. Please give me car type and contact number too.|I've booked a black honda for you. The contact number is 07084963980. What else would you like today?
Great, thanks! That is all for now.|Glad to help. Enjoy your visit.
Find me an expensive restaurant that serves gastropub food|I see several options; do you prefer the centre or east of town?
The centre of town.|Backstreet Bistro and The Slug and Lettuce are both expensive gastropub restaurant in the centre of town.
I need a reservation for any of those. 16:00, on Tuesday for 8 people.|You're booked at Backstreet Bistro, ref #O8Z7DXNU. Can I help you with anything else?
No thank you, that will be everything.|Have a good day and enjoy your visit.
I can't wait to try some of your local restaurants.  Can you help me with an attraction to visit also?|Sure thing, is there any specific type of attraction you'd like to try?
It is called kettle's yard.|Kettle's yard is a museum found in the west area of town. Their phone number is 01223748100
Can I get the address as well please?|Kettle's Yard is located on Castle Street.
What is the entrance fee for Kettle's Yard?|It is free to enter.
Great. I am also looking for a restaurant.|I would love to help. Any particular food you'd like?
No, I'd just like for it to be in the east and moderately priced.|i suggest pizza hut fen ditton. it serves  italian food. can we book?
Yes book that for 5 people at 15:00 on sunday.|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Reference number is : EC390ABK.
Thanks, that's all I need today! Goodbye!|Have a good day.
I am heading to Cambridge soon and am looking to find a nice expensive restaurant to eat at.|There are plenty of expensive restaurants in Cambridge.  Do you have a particular area or food type in mind?
I would like it to be in the centre area, please.|The kymmoy meets your criteria and serves asian oriental food.
I would like to make a reservation for 7 people on Sunday, please.|What time on Sunday would you like the reservation for?
We'd like to dine at 19:45. Please let me know the reference number when you have it available.|I'm sorry, they're booked up for 19:45. Will another time do?
Yes, I would like to book for 18:45. Please let me know the reference number when you have it available.|I was able to get you a table at the 18:45 time.  Reference number is : 03N9DFPO.  Is there anything else I can help you with?
I need to find a museum in the same area. Can you find one?|Yes, that's no problem. How about the museum of archaelogy and anthropology? It's free to enter.
That sounds good. What is their postcode and phone number please?|The postal code is cb23dz, the phone number is 01223333516, can I assist with anything else?
Yes I need a taxi between the two places. I want to be sure to arrive at the restaurant before our reservation.|I got you a white volkswagen reserved contact number 07430137522.
Thank you. That will be all. Goodbye.|My pleasure! Good bye.
Can you recommend a restaurant that serves French food?  Not too expensive, please.|There are no French restaurants matching your requests.  Can I help you with something else?
How about a French restaurant in any price range?|Cote is a French restaurant in the city centre in the expensive price range.
Can you please give me their address and phone number|Cote's phone number is 01223 311053 and they are located at Bridge Street City Centre. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Thank you.  That is all I needed to know.  Bye bye!|You're welcome.  Good bye.
I'm looking for this restaurant called city stop restaurant|i've got their information, what would you like to know?
I need their postcode and price range.|City Stop Restaurant is in the expensive price range and their postcode is cb41uy. Is there anything else you need assistance with today?
I need a 3 star guesthouse to stay at please.|There are 4 places that fit what you are looking for. Do you need me to narrow down the list for you?
Do any of those places include free parking?|Hamilton lodge is 3 stars with free parking and internet located at 156 chesterton road. Phone 01223365664. Would you like me to book a room for you?
I am looking for a restaurant that serves british food in cambridge in the moderate price range|We have several options, and most are in the center of town. I recommend Cotto!
Can you make me a reservation please?|Absolutely! May I please have the day and time and also the number of people attending?
Actually, I would just like the address, postcode and phone number instead at this time.|Here is that information,phone-01223302010 post code-cb11bg Address-183 East Road City Centre
Thank you, I also need a 4 star hotel in that area for 3 people, 2 nights, starting Friday evening.|The University Arms Hotel fits your specifications, would you like me to book it for you?
Yes, please. That would be great.|Okay, please tell me what day you will arrive, how many days you will stay, and how many people
I need it on Friday for 2 nights and 3 people. Thank you.|It isn't allowing me to make that reservation, is there a different day I can try.
Let's try Sunday, please.|Booking was successful. Your Reference number is : Z3CX53OL.
Thanks so much. That's all I needed tonight.|You are welcome, enjoy your stay in cambridge
I would like to book a train that departs from cambridge and arrive at kings lynn.|There are several available. Is there a specific day you would like to travel as well as arrival and departure times?
I would like to leave on Monday and arrive by 13:45.|TR7430 leaves at 12:11 and arrives at 12:58, would you like me to book you?
Yes, please book tickets for 6 people on TR7430 and provide the reference number once you have completed that. Thanks!|All set. Your reference number is 45ANXMEA.
Can you also recommend a moderately-priced restaurant in the centre?|how about the oak bistro? it looks lovely
I'd really like to try british food - will the oak bistro be ok for that?|Yes the Oak Bistro is a great British food restaurant.
Where is the restaurant located? I would like to book a table for 6, around 10:45 on monday.|It is located in the centre area of the city.  Would you like me to book that for you?
That would be great! And can I please get the reference number for that?|You are now booked, the reference number is JZWXIUGS.  Anything else?
No, that will be all. Thank you!|Great!  Please let us know if we can help you with anything else.  We hope you enjoy your stay!
Can you help me find a place to dine?|Sure! What type of food would you like to eat in what area?
I would like some North Indian Food that is expensive, in the south.|We don't have any North Indian restaurants, though we do have many Indian restaurants.
Indian food would be fine then, can you tell me the name?|There are several Indian Restaurants, may I suggest The Golden Curry in the Centre. It sounds like just what you are looking for.
I was actually hoping for a restaurant in the south.  Are there any available?|I found one called taj tandoori. Want more information?
More information please|It is expensive and in the south.
Can I get the postcode for that please?|Sure! The post code is cb17aa.
Thanks! I'm also looking for a nightclub. I'll need the postcode, please?|The Ballare is a nightclub in the centre of town. The entrance fee is 5 pounds.
I'll try that. What's the postcode please?|Their postcode is cb23na. Can I help you with anything else today?
No thanks.   That was all I needed today.  Goodbye.|Thank you so much and you have a good night also.
I am looking for a restaurant in the expensive price range in the centre.|There are quite a few options open to you. Is there a particular type of cuisine you are interested in?
Yes, I'd like to find a place serving North American cuisine.|I show the Gourmet Burger Kitchen available on Regent Street City Centre.  Would you like to book a table?
Yes, please. Can you book a table for 4 on Saturday at 12:45?|The reference number is E1KV4Y86. May i please help you with something else.
I also need a train please.|What is the destination?
I am looking to travel to peterborough and arrive by 11:30|I recommend train TR3596 it will get you there by 11:24 on Saturday.  Want me to book it?
Yeah, please book it for the same group of people.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 52.8 GBP payable at the station. Reference number is : G82GDIBP. Can I help with anything else today?
No, thank you, that will be all.|Thank you, enjoy your stay.
I am looking for a restaurant that serves Moroccan food and is moderately priced.|Which area would you like?
I do not care what area it is in.|There are no moderately priced Moroccan restaurants in any area. Might another type of food interest you?
Yes, what about Turkish food?|anatolia and efes restaurants are turkish.
May I have the address of Anatolia?|The address is 30 Bridge Street City Centre.
Thank you, goodbye.|You're welcome. Goodbye.
I am looking for an expensive restaurant in the east part of town.|the grafton hotel restaurant is in the east part of town and in the expensive price range. would you like their information?
Yes please|They are located at Grafton Hotel 619 Newmarket Road Fen Ditton, postcode C.B 5, 8 P.A, and phone number 01223 241387. How else may I assist you?
Is there something else?|Pipasha restaurant is in the east part of town, and in the expensive price range. Is there anything else I can help you with?
What is the address and phone number?|Pipasha Restaurant's phone number is 01223 577786 and they are located at Newmarket Road Fen Ditton. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, thank you. Good bye.|Thank you, goodbye!
I want to find a train that leaves from Norwich on Monday.|There are 19 trains that meet your needs. Would you like to narrow it down by time or destination?
Yes, the train needs to arrive in Cambridge by 12:15.|There are 6 different trains that arrive by 12:15, did you have a time you wanted to leave Norwich by?
Any departure time is fine.|Okay I can book you for TR9020 leaving at 05:16 on Monday. How many tickets would you like?
I need 5 tickets. Can I please also have the reference number?|Booking was successful, the total fee is 88 GBP payable at the station .
Reference number is : MD5UWGDZ.  Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Yes, actually. I'm looking for information on the Sitar Tandoori restaurant.|Sitar Tandoori is an expensive indian restaurant on the east side of town. They are located at 43 High Street Cherry Hinton Cherry Hinton, cb19hx. Their phone is 01223249955.
I'd like to book a table for the same number of people (5) for that same day at 16:15 if it's available. I'd also like the reference number for that please.|Unfortunately, the time that you provided for 5 people is not available. Do you have other times that you prefer?
Can you try 15:15? And I'll need a reference number if they have a table available.|Your party of 5 is booked for the restaurant at 15:15 and the reference number is 6OWS31DG.  Can I help you with anything else?
Great that's all I needed, thank you for your help.|Happy to be of help. Enjoy the rest of your day!
Hello, I am looking for a restaurant in the centre of town that serves Brazilian food.|There are no restaurants matching your request.
Can you look for asian oriental food?|Dojo Noodle Bar is an Asian Oriental restaurant in the centre of town.
What is the phone number?|The phone number for Dojo Noodle Bar is 01223 363471. Can I help you with anything else?
no thank you good bye|Thank you for using this system and please call again. Goodbye.
I am looking for something fun to do in the south part of town. Do you have any suggestions on a great attraction?|You could check out the byard art museum.
Sure, can I learn more about it?|It's a museum on King's Parade. There's no entrance fee. The phone number is 01223464646 to check their current attractions.
Thank you, are there any expensive restaurants in that same area?|Yes, what kind of food are you looking for?
The restaurant should serve turkish food.|there is none that serves Turkish food, can we look elsewhere?
How about Chinese food? Are there any available for that?|Yes, there are two restaurants available. The Good Luck Chinese food takeaway and the Peking Restaurant. Are these suitable?
Let's go with Peking Restaurant. Can you book a table for 6 at 18:30 on Monday, please?|I am sorry, I am unable to make that reservation. Is there anything else I can do for you?
Could you try for Satrday then?|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Reference number is : M4CO18OY.  Can I help you further?
I also need a taxi that will get me to the restaurant by 18:30|Alright I successfully booked a taxi for you.  It will be a yellow toyota and the contact number is 07183586929.  Is there anything else you need?
thanks so much for all of your help!|Please contact us anytime. Good bye.
I want to dine at a Chinese food place in the centre area.|What is your price range for this restaurant?
I do not have a price preference.|How about the rice house it is cheap and located at 88 Mill Road city centre?
That sounds perfect. I would like to book a table for sunday.|Ok I will book that for you and get you a confirmation number
Hello, I am looking for a moderately priced restaurant that serves fusion food.|Which area you would like to search in?
I don't care.|I am sorry, there is no restaurant serving fusion food in the moderate price range. Would you like any other type of food or different price range?
Bummer.  How about some reasonably priced Chinese food, then?|There are 4 Chinese restaurants. Three in the center of town and one in the north part of town all moderatly priced.
What is the phone number of one of them?|The Lan Hong House is great. Their phone number is 01223 350420. Would you like any additional information about them?
what is the food type of that restaurant ?|They serve chinese food.
Thank you goodbye.|Thank you for choosing our system. Good bye
I am looking for a attraction called whipple museum of the history of science.|That museum is in the centre of town on free school lane. Is there other information you are looking for?
How much is admission?|They offer free admission. Is there any other information I can provide for you?
Yes, find me a cheap place to eat in the center|What type of food are you interested in eating?
I am interested in Italian food.  However I just remembered, I need the phone number for Whipple Museum of History and Science please.|Their phone number is 01223330906.
There are a couple Italian restaurants in the area ranging from moderate to expensive. Would you like me to look them up for you and make a reservation?|Not at this time, could I just have the phone number of an expensive Italian restaurant?
I need a reservation fo 3 at 16.30|which day an time do i book?
Please reserve the restaurant for Saturday at 16:30 for 3 people.|I have booked a table for you at Clowns Cafe. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Your reference number is WYVYSLFF. How else can I help?
I need a taxi to take me from the whipple (whip whoop) to the restaurant.  please make sure the taxi drops off by the reservation time at Clown|Booking completed!
Booked car type	:	white toyota
Contact number	:	07915745196
That is everything, you were very helpful.|Thank you, enjoy your day
Where is the restaurant called Tandoori Palace?|You can find tandoori palace in he west.  Need a reservation?
yes, book me a table for 2 at 19:00. can you give me directions and the actual address please?|Yes, I will book that.  It is located at 68 Histon Road Chesterton.
Can I have a confirmation number ?|Did you want your table for today?
Actually, I don't need it for today. What's the price range of the place?|Its the epxensive price range , can I help you with that
Hello, I'd like to have dinner in the centre, is there anywhere that serves Afghan food?|There is none available, do you have another type of food?
Not really- what about a cheap restaurant? What are my choices?|I have 15 cheap places to dine. Another food preference perhaps?
Yes, that would be a good idea. Can you search for one that serves asian oriental food for me? Thanks a lot|You have two options. Dojo Noodle Bar and J Restaurant both fit your specifications. Which of these would you like me to make a reservation for you at?
Dojo Noodle Bar sounds interesting.  Can you get me the phone number and post code for them?|Sure, the phone number is 01223363471 and the postcode is cb21rq.  Is there any other information I can help you with today?
Yes, is there anywhere that you can play some sports near the restaurant?|I have the cherry hinton village centre located at colville road, cherry hinton.
Can you book that for me.|I can't book it but I can provide you with the address if you'd like.
The address and the post code is all I need.|The postcode is cb19ej, and the address is colville road, cherry hinton
Thank you, that's all I need today.|Glad I could help, enjoy your stay in Cambridge.
a moderately priced restaurant in the north part of town?|Would you like Chinese or Indian food?
I don't care. give me the phone number and postcode .|Golden wok serves Chinese food, their phone number is 01223 350688 and their postcode is C.B 4, 3 H.L.
Thank You|You're welcome.
i am looking for a place to dine. The restaurant should be in the expensive price range and should serve indian food.|There a several throughout the city.  Is there an area of town in which you would prefer to dine?
Not really. I've heard Saffron Brasserie is good, though. Could you book a table for 6 there at 19:45 on Wednesday?|Done! Your reference number is MFP31MA6. Do you need anything else?
I would also like to find something fun to do in the west of town.|There are several Colleges and Museums you can visit. Would you like a recommendation for both?
Just choose one that is your favorite and tell me its type and phone number|Churchill College's phone number is 01223336233. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
I assume that is a college type, right? And I also need a taxi|Yes it is and they have free entrance. Where would the taxi be picking you up?
I need to be picked up at the college and arrive at the restaurant by 18:45.|I have booked a red skoda as your taxi. You can reach them at 07447845138
.
I appreciate all your help. That will be all for now.|I'm glad we could help! Contact us anytime you need anything in Cambridge. Good Bye.
I AM looking for a restaurant. The restaurant should be in the expensive price range and should be in the east.|Do you have a specific food type that you prefer?
Are there any swedish places?|I'm sorry. I didn't find any matches.
Darn, alright. Can we search chinese instead then please?|Yes, there is one match. A restaurant called Yu Garden.
Thanks, could you book a table for 6 people on Monday at 15:15?|The reservation was successful and they will hold the table for your party for 15 minutes.
Thank you very much. What is the reference number?|Reference number is : 768CRNLY. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
No, thanks you've been great!|Thank you very much. Have a great day.
Can you find me a very nice hotel in the west? Money is not an issue.|There are 4 hotels that match those criteria. How about Hobson's house?
That should work fine. Book it for me please.|How many days will you be staying?
I will be staying for 5 days. Can you book the Hobson house for me for 5 people please?|What day will you start staying?
I'll be arriving on Sunday.  Please send me the reference number for this stay.|It doesn't look like there's any availability for your stay. Would you like to try a different day or length of stay?
Yes, let's try for 4 nights instead.|That works. Your reference number is ICQWVQL9. Is there anything else I can do for you today?
Yes I'm also looking for a place to dine. I would like the same price range as the Hotel|there's over one hundred restaurants i've found, what type of cuisine would you like?
I'm looking for modern European cuisine.|Darrys Cookhouse and Wine Shop is a very nice, expensive restaurant in the center of town. Would you like a table there?
Can you find a modern European restaurant in the West?|I am sorry, but there are no modern european restaurants in the west, could I book you in a restaurant in another area?
Is there anything in the south?|Restaurant Alimentum is a moderate priced restaurant located in the south. Would this be okay?
Are there any expensive modern European restaurants?|I have expensive restaurants in the center. Would those suit you?
No the west would suit me|I'm sorry, we seem to be having some confusion. Please restate your criteria for the restaurant, and I'll do my best to help you.
I'm looking for an expensive restaurant in the west of town that serves modern European dishes.|I'm sorry, there are no expensive Modern European restaurants in the west side of town.
Alright, thank you. Goodbye.|I'm sorry I couldn't be of more help. Have a good day.
I am looking for an expensive place to dine in the north.|Would you like to eat Asian Oriental, Chinese, European, or French?
I think Chinese may have caught my attention.|The Hotpot is an expensive Chinese restaurant in that area.
Great can I get their phone number as well please?|The phone number for the hotpot is 01223366552, would you like me to book you a table?
No thank you. Have a great day!|You're quite welcome! Thanks for contacting the Cambridge TownInfo Centre and have a great day!
Are there any restaurants in town that serve modern american food?|No, there are none. Is there another type of food you would liked to try?
What about any expensive restaurants with traditional American food in the centre of town?|No, I'm sorry there are not.  There are a number of other expensive restaurants in the centre?  Might you try a different cuisine?
Sure how about Italian?|Yes Don Pasquale Pizzeria has Italian food and is in the center of town.
The restaurant sounds good. Please book a table for Sunday at 17:00 for 4 people.|Your booking for 4 at don pasquale pizzeria is complete! Here is your reference number DPMRYTRL. How else may I assist you today?
That will be all. Thank you. Goodbye!|You're welcome, enjouy your meal.
I am looking for a restaurant to dine in during my visit to Cambridge.|I would love to help! Any kinds of foods you'd prefer?
I would prefer something in the Centre area, that has a moderate price range, and serves Afghan food.|I'm sorry, but there are no Afghan restaurants in all of Cambridge. Would you like to try a different cuisine?
Are there any restaurants in the cenre that serve turkish food?|Yes we have 2 moderate priced options.  Anatolia or efes restaurant.  Do you have a preference?  I can book a table for you if you want.
I'm not ready for a reservation, but can I get the address for Anatolia?|sure! it's 30 Bridge Street City Centre
I'm sorry I also need the post code.|The postcode is cb21uj.  What else can I help you with today?
I'm also looking for somwehere to stay, is there anything with a star of 0?|I have not found anything with a star of zero.
Hi there, I'm trying to find a train that leaves from Leicester but it must be after 11:15. Can you help me book a ticket?|I see there is a train on Friday that leaves leicester at 14:09  to Cambridge, could you book me a ticket for this train?
Please book me a ticket for that train.|Did you only need one ticket?
I just need the train ID please.|The train ID is TR6247, would you like to book a seat?
No thank you. That's not necessary. Can you help me find an indian restaurant in the centre of town?|I have 9 restaurants in that area. May I ask what your budget for lunch is?
Nothing expensive please.|There are three cheap resturants int hat area, kohinoor, the gandhi, and mahal of cambridge.
The Ghandi sounds nice. Can I get their address? And they are a cheap restaurant, right?|Yes, the gandhi is in the cheap price range.  Their address is 72 Regent Street City Centre.  Would you like me to book a table for you?
No thank you, their information is enough at this time. Do they have a phone number?|Yes, their phone number is 01223353942.  Is there anything else I can help you with today?
I need a train from leicester on thursday and should leave after 11:15.|I have a 12:09 that arrives at 13:54. Would that do for you?
Yes, that would be fine. Could I get the train ID?|The train ID is TR8882. Can I help you with anything else?
I think that is all for now.|The duration of the trip is 105 minutes. Have a great day!
I am looking for an expensive priced Chinese restaurant|There are a few places in the area you could try. The Ugly Duckling, Yu Garden, and Hakka have great food and are in your price range.
Okay, what is the address and phone number for Ugly Duckling?|The address is 12 St. Johns Street City Centre. We do not have the phone number available in our database.
That's alright. I'm also looking for a train booking too. I need to go to cambridge from london liverpool street.|What day and time?
I need to arrive by 17:45 on Tuesday|I can book your on the TR1395 on Tuesday. It leaves Cambridge at 13:39 and you'll be there by 15:07. Would you like anything else?
Please book this train for 2 people and provide the reference number.|Your train is all booked, your reference number is 5482NXX6.
Ok, great that's everything I needed. Thank You!|Happy to be of service. Enjoy your day!
Hi, I'm looking for information on a restaurant called efes. What type of food do they serve and will I need reservations?|Efes serves turkish food and is located at king street city centre.  I can book a reservation for you if you would like.
Yes, please. I will need a table for 4 at 18:30 on Saturday. Thank you.|Alright, I have made your reservation. The reference number is ID46B4KQ.
Can you also help me with places to go in the west of town? I'm looking for entertainment.|Whale of a Time is in the west. Does that sound good?
That sounds great. Can you tell me their postcode, address, and phone number?|Sure, it is located at unit 8, viking way, bar hill.  Postcode cb238el, and phone number 01954781018.  Is there anything else I can help you with?
I want a taxi to take me from the attraction to my restaurant in time for my reservation. Tell me the car type and contact number for the taxi too.|A black tesla will arrive. Reach them at 07424011188. Is that everything for today?
That is all for today. Thank you for your time.|You are very welcome.  Have a nice day.
What's good to eat on the west side, in the moderate price range?|Do you have a food preference?
I would really like Indian today if you can find it for me.|The meghana is an indian restruarant with a moderate price range.  Would you like me to book a reservation?
Yes, please book me a table for 4 people at 13:45 on Tuesday.|Ok I will book that for you and get you a confirmation number
Thank you, please do.|Great, I got that booked for you.  Is there anything else I can assist with today?
I still need the reference number...|I am sorry that I told you it was booked. Something is wrong with our system.  Here is the phone number so you can call them directly, 01223727410.
If you can not book it on that day, could you try to get me in o Wednesday?|I was able to Book Tuesday. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Reference number is : OI555UW4.
I need an expensive hotel also.|We have five options, any preference on area or amenities?
The hotel should have a star of 1 and should include free parking.|I'm sorry, but there are no 1-star expensive places to stay.
What about a 4 star one then.|We have two hotels with 4 star ratings. Would you like it in the west or centre?
I would prefer the west. Are there any hotels in the west area?|Yes we have the huntingdon marriott hotel in the west. Would you like me to book it for you?
No, I just need hotel information at this time. Thanks for the restaurant booking. Have a good day. Goodbye.|Have a great trip. If there is anything else I can help with just call us back.
I'm looking for a restaurant in the west side that's in the moderate price range.|I have three listings,one for british,indian,italian. Are any of those types of food you are looking for?
Are any of them available for 8 people at 19:00 on Wednesday?|There are two restaurants available the Indian restaurant Meghna and the Italian restaurant Prezzo 8 people at 19:00 on Wednesday. Which one do you prefer?
The Italian restaurant Prezzo sounds good.|Booking was successful, table will be reserved for 15 mins.
Reference number is : GVOKLI1A. Anything else?
nope thats it. thanks|You're welcome. Have a great day!
Hello, I need a train to London Kings Cross after 21:45, please.|There are several going to kings cross, where are you departing from and when do you went to leave?
I'm leaving from Cambridge on Monday.|TR2634 can get you there by 21:00 it is 23.60 pounds per person, would you like me to book you?
Yes please book it for one person.|Your reference number is M5L3KBEV. Do you need anything else?
Im also looking for a restaurant by the name of bedouin.|Bedouin is a wonderful African restaurant in the center of town. It's a little expensive, but the food and service is outstanding.
can you book that for me.|Yes, I would be happy to do that for you. How many people would there be for that reservation?
Actually can i just have the phone number instead?|The phone umber for bedouin is 01223367660. Can I help with anything else?
No, that's all the information I wanted. Thank you so much for all your help.|is there anything else i can help you with?
That should be it. Thanks.  Goodbye.|Thank you for contacting us and have a nice day.
I would like a moderately priced restaurant in the north part of town|There are two moderately priced restaurants in the north, an Italian restaurant and a Chinese restaurant. Would you like more information?
What is the address of anyone of them?|The Golden Wok is a moderately priced Chinese restaurant in the north located at 191 Histon Road Chesterton. Can I be of further assistance?
Thank You|You're welcome, enjoy your food.
Thank you goodbye.|Good bye. Thank you for using the system.
I am planning a trip in Cambridge|Alright, how can I help you today?
I am looking for a restaurant that serves Afghan food in the centre.|There are no Afghan restaurants in the centre of town.
What about an international restaurant?|May I recommend the Bloomsbury restaurant in the moderate price range.
What's the postcode for that place?|cb23dt. What else may I help with?
I am looking for a train that will depart from Cambridge and will arrive to London Liverpool Street.|sure, what day are you traveling?
I will be leaving on Friday after 08:30.|train ID TR4187 leaves 13:59 and will cost 16:60 pounds. can i book for you?
No, thanks! But how long is the ride?|The train ride is 88 minutes long.
Thank you, that will be all.|You're welcome, have a good day.
Hi, I am so excited to see some local tourist attractions on my upcoming trip.  Can you help me find a place to dine when I am there?|Of course I can help you with that. May I ask your price range and what kind of food you would like to eat?
I would like expensive italian food.  What do you suggest?|Does it matter where your restaurant is located? We have four expensive italian restaurants in the center, and one in the south.
I would like the one in the South.|I would recommend Frankie and Bennys. Would you like any particular information about that restaurant?
Please book that one for 5 people on Thursday at 17:30.|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes on Thursday at 17:30. Your reference number is IIL1W17L
I am also looking for a swimming pool.|I would recommend parkside pools in the centre, would you like more information?
Where is the area the swimming pool is? Also can i have contact number and Car type of a taxi to commute between these to place on time.|The pool is located in the centre. For your taxi what time would like to leave the restaurant and arrive at the pool?
Well, my reservation is at 17:30 so before that.|Ok that is reserved the car type is a white skoda and contact number is 07749508592.
Great thank you, that was all I needed today.|I hope you have a great trip!
Can you help me find Restaurant One Seven?|I have Restaurant One Seven located in Centre, phone number is 01223337766. Would you like for me to make a reservation for you?
That would be great. Can you book a table for 3 at 11:45 on Friday?|All right, I've got you booked for Friday at 11:45 for 3 people. Would you like the reference number?
Yes please, can I have the number?|Certainly, your Reference number is : EWOFBMJ3.
Thanks. That's everything for today.|thank you for using our system.
Thank you. Goodbye.|You're very welcome. Good day.
Hi, do you know of a hotel called finches bed and breakfast?|Yes of course. It is rated 4 stars, is located in the west and is in the cheap price range. Would you like me to check availability for you?
Sure. I'd need a room for 8 people, 5 nights starting on thursday.|Booking was successful.
Reference number is : 6AYRAXKH. Do you need anything else?
Yes I am looking for a restaurant in the expensive price range that serves Italian food.|There are five great restaurants that match your criteria. I highly recommend caffe uno located in the centre of town.
The restaurant should serve italian food and should be in the expensive price range.
The restaurant should be in the south|My favorite restaurant would fit your criteria.  It's called Frankie and Bennys.  Would you like me to make you reservations?
Yes can you please make me a reservation?|Sure, I'll get right to that. First, can I ask the day you'd like to eat there? Also, what time and how many people?
I actually dont need a reservation. just the address, postcode and phone number please.|They are located Cambridge Leisure Park Clifton Way Cherry Hinton, cb17dy. Phone: 01223412430.
Thank you, can I get a taxi as well? I need to leave the hotel by 16:45 and go the restaurant.|Okay, I've booked you a taxi leaving your hotel at 16:45. Look for a blue toyota, and if you need to contact them their number is 07524587523.
Excellent, that's all the information I need, thank you for your help!|You're welcome!  Have a wonderful day.
I'm looking for a restaurant serving Irish food in any area.|There are no irish restaurants in the area.
Well can I get the phone number to a European restaurant?|Cambridge lodge restaurant serves european food. Their phone number is 01223 355166.  Can I help you with anything else?
That's it, goodbye|your welcome good bye
I would like recommendations for italian restaurants.|Stazione restaurant and coffee bar is an Italian restaurant, would you like to book that?
Is the price range for Stazione restaurant moderate?|No, Stazione restaurant and coffee bar is in the expensive price range.
I'm looking for something in the moderate price range that's in the south part of town. I would also like a phone number and address, please.|Sure U have the Pizza Hut Cherry Hinton and their telephone is 01223323737	and their postcode is cb21ab. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, I'm also looking for a train departing from Cambridge.|There are 1,414 trains departing from Cambridge. Can I narrow that down by destination, day, and/or a time?
I'm looking for a train to Stansted Airport that departs on Wednesday. It needs to arrive by 17:30.|I have many that will arrive by that time, but the closest to that actual time is TR2912, departing cambridge at 16:40 and arriving at stansted at 17:08.
That sounds great. That is all the information I needed. Thank you for your help.|I am ready to book, but need to know how many tickets you need for the train?
I don't want to book right now I just wanted to know the availability. Thank you.|Is there anything else I can help you with?
Nope, I'm all set. Thank you, goodbye!|Thank you. Please contact us again in the future if you would like any additional information or bookings.
I need some information on a train departing from peterborough.|I can help you with that! What information are you looking for?
I need a train to Cambridge that leaves after 4:15 PM.|What day are you looking for the train?
I want to leave on Friday.|There's a train going from Peterborough, leaving at 16:48. Will that work?
That may work.  What is the  train ID, travel time, and arrival time?|Train ID is TR0992, it departs at 16:48 and arrives at 17:38.
how long is the train ride?|The train ride will last 50 minutes from 16:48 to 17:38.
Great, thanks. Can you also help with finding a great restaurant to eat at. I want something in the centre of town and moderately priced if possible.|great, i have 21 options for you!
21 in the moderate price in the centre? Which one do you say is best?|It would really depend on what kind of food you like. What is your favorite cuisine?
I'm open to anything, Ill go with what you recommend and take a booking for three people at 20:00 on friday.|I have reserved a table for you at Restaurant One Seven, it's a real popular locale. Your reference number is JNNU896Z.
Thanks so much, that's all I needed help with today!|you are welcome and thanks for using our services
I'm looking for a 4 star hotel.|I've found 21 4 star hotels. Is there a certain area you want to stay in?
Yes, in the east, please.|I have found several hotels. Do you have any preference towards price?
I would not mind finding one with free wifi.|Unfortunately, we don't have any hotels with those preference in the area, but we do have 6 guesthouses available. Would a guesthouse be okay?
A guesthouse is fine. Which one would you recommend?|I recommend the Leverton House. It's a cheap guesthouse, but still a 4-star establishment.
That sounds good.  Can you give me the address and postcode for Leverton House?|They are located at 732-734 newmarket road, and postcode is cb58rs
Thank you. I'm also looking for a venetian restaurant on the east side as well.|I'm sorry there are no Venetian restaurants. Are there any cuisines I can look for?
Yes, how about one that serves Indian food?|There are four restaurants that serve indian food in the east. Do you have a price range?
Book one of them for 8 people at 14:15 on tuesday.|Alright, I have you booked at Curry Prince. Your reference number is: 55UNFF8Z. Anything else I can do for you today?
Yes, can you schedule a taxi to take me from Leverton House to Curry Prince? I need to get there by 14:15.|Okay, your taxi car type is a white bmw and the contact number is 07967879848. Is there anything else you need?
That is all.  Thank you|Great! Enjoy your stay!
I'm looking for a chinese restaurant in the south part of town.|Yes, there are three, What is your price range?
I want something expensive.|There are two restaurants that match your criteria. Peking Restaurant is one of them.
Let's book Peking for 1 person on Friday at 15:15.|I have made those reservations your reference number is J9NGMKIA.
Thanks so much for your help.|Its been my pleasure. If there's anything else I can help you with, please let me know otherwise have a great day.
I'd like to dine at an expensive restaurant in the city center.|I have several options for you - one African restaurant, one Asian Oriental, and 3 serving British cuisine. What would you like?
I am really looking for something that offers Japanese food.|We have a match for you! Wagamama is located at 36 Saint Andrews Street. The phone number is 01223462354. Would you like to book?
Yes.  Book for 3 people on Monday at 17:30.|Your booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Reference number is : BKZ9DJQN.  Is there anything else I can do to assist you?
No, that's all I needed.  Thank you for the help!|Great!  Have a terrific time!
Hi, do you have a listing for the copper kettle? It's a restaurant.|Yes I do,it is located at 4 Kings Parade City Centre, would you like to make a booking?
yes please for 3 people on satruday around lunch time|Do you have a specific time in mind?
Actually, I don't need to reserve just yet.  Can you please just give me the postcode and price range?|Sure, the postcode is cb21sj, and the price range is moderate. Is that all you need today?
Yes that would be all. Thank you|Have a lovely day!
Oh, wait!  While I have you, I can go ahead and check on hotels.  I need a hotel with free parking.|Sure, is there an area or a price range you are interested in?
No but I do need to make sure it is a hotel and not a guesthouse.|There are 8 hotels with free parking. How about Ashley Hotel? It's a moderate 2 star hotel in the north with free wifi and parking.
Sounds great. I need it for one person and three nights starting Saturday. Thank you!|Ok, I was able to book you at the Ashley Hotel.  Your reference number is T0WK7HHS.  Is there anything else I can do to help you this evening?
Yes, I need a taxi to take me to and from the hotel and the restaurant. I need to leave the restaurant by 10:45. What taxi do you have available?|Okay, what time do you want to arrive at the restaurant by?
I actually just need a taxi from the restaurant to the hotel after we eat. We will be done eating by 10:45, so please have the taxi for us by then.|Ok, you're taxi has been booked. Is there anything else I can do for you?
Yeah, could I get the contact number and type of car, as well?|The contact number is 07703313171 and the car is a white volkswagen.
Okay great. That's all the information I need for now. Thanks.|You're very welcome, have a wonderful day.
I need a place to stay. It needs to be a hotel that has free wifi.|What price range and area of town are you looking for?
Price does not matter. I want something on the west.|The Huntingdon Marriott Hotel is on the west and is a 4 star hotel with wifi.  Would you like to book a room?
Maybe.  Does it have free parking?|Yes it does. Shall I book?
Yes, please book for 4 nights on Thursday for 1 person.|Reference number is : 42UHJQT1. Anything else?
Great! Yes, I also need to find an expensive restaurant close to the hotel.|Would you prefer british, indian, thai or european cuisine?
Is there one that happens to serve Chinese food?|Sorry, no results for that search. Would you like to try a different area or price range?
How about one that serves food from The Americas?|I am sorry, there are no restaurants that serve food from the americas either.
Are there any expensive restaurant that serves American, anywhere in the city?|There are none. Would you like to change either your cuisine preference, or try a moderate?
Could you double check for Chinese food?|There are no expensive Chinese restaurants in the west, which would be close to your hotel. Would you like to try a different area?
What are the expensive Chinese restaurants that are available?|After checking again, I do have 1 that serves North American food in the centre area. Would that interest you?
Yes please book that for one person on thursday at 12:15.|How many people would you like that booking for?
It will be just me, myself and I!|Your booking is complete your reference number is WYDAYXH4 they will only hold the table for 15 minutes.
That is everything. Thank you so much for your help.|I am glad I could help you. Have a great trip.
Can you help me find and expensive restaurant in the west?|We have nine. What sort of cuisine would you like?
I would like to eat at an indian restaurant please.|There are 5 expensive Indian restaurants available in the west. Would you like me to book one of those for you?
Yes, please choose one and book it for 6 people at 13:30 on Thursday.|Ok.  I was able to book cocum on thursday at 13:30 for 6 people.  Your reference number is LTZ2TPIA.  Can I help you with anything else?
No, that's it for today. Thank you for all your help. Good bye.|You are welcome. Thank you for calling Cambridge TownInfo Centre.  Good bye.
See if you can find me a train from Cambridge to stansted airport please|I found you 133 of them! What day and time would you like to leave?
leaving cambridge, going to stansted airport on friday anytime after 18:30|We've narrowed your options to 6 trains. The earliest leaves at 18:40 and the latest at 23:40. A train leaves every hour. Can I book a ticket for you?
Yes, please book me a ticket on the 18:40 train. I will need to know how much the ticket costs and the train ID. Thanks!|OK, your ticket is booked. Your ticket cost is 10.10 pounds, and your train ID is TR8337.
Thank you. I am also looking to find a good chinese restaurant.|Okay what area and price range?
Moderately priced in the city centre.|There are three moderately priced chinese restaurants in the centre. Might I suggest shanghai family restaurant located on Burleigh Street?
Yes book it for 1 at 15:45 the same day and I'll need the reference number too please|You're all set. Your reference is 3BU5HSE9 and the table will be held for 15 minutes. Is there anything else I can help you with?
That is all. Thanks so much!|Then, thank you for using Cambridge TownInfo Centre. It was my pleasure to serve you. Goodbye.
I want to visit the cambridge artworks.|Okay I found Cambridge Artworks on 5 greens road in the east. Would you like anymore information?
Yes I need to know if there is an entrance fee or not and the postcode for the area.|no entrance fee and the post code is cb13ef.
I am also looking for a restaurant in the centre.  I am interested in a moderate price range.  What can you recommend?|the oak bistro is an amazing british restaurant in the centre.
Great! Can i get their phone number, address and postcode?|The phone number is 01223323361. The address and post code are 6 Lensfield Road cb21eg. Would you like me to book a reservation for your party?
Yes please. I would also like to book a restaurant.|Great, ,can you let  me know what day, time and how many people will be there?
Don't worry about booking me. I need to get a ride to the restaurant though.|Okay, I will need to know your departure location and a time to leave at or arrive by before I can book a taxi
I want to leave the restaurant at 04:30. My destination is Cambridge Artworks. Please give me car type and contact info.|You are all set with a white tesla, contact: 07205500019
Thanks, I won't need anything else today|You're welcome and enjoy your stay.
I am looking for a place to stay in cambridge in the moderate price range with 4 stars|There are 11 matches. Do you have a preference for hotel types?
No, but it should be in the east.|I have 3 guesthouses matching your request.  Do you care about parking?
Pick one and book me for 5 people lasting three nights starting Friday please.|You have a room booked at the Warkworth House (ref# TP8X26LA). Can I help you with anything else?
Thanks for the room booking. Can you locate a restaurant for me, too? The name is pizza express Fen Ditton.|I found the restaurant you want. Do you want me to make reservation?
Yes, for 5 people on Friday around 13:45, please|I will go ahead and book that for you now.
Okay....well I'm over here waiting....don't forget the reference number too|I am having a hard time booking this, could I make sure the place you would like is the Pizza Express at Fen Ditton?
Yes it is, but if 13:45 time isn't working then 12:45 would also be acceptable.|I am not able to book anything right now.
Maybe you could try again?|The booking worked this time! The reference number is S31A87TV. Anything else today?
Great, thanks for your help! Have a good one.|No problem. If you need anything else just call us back.
I want to find out more about places to dine in the city centre that serve asian cuisine.|we have 4 options. which is your price range?
I don't really have a price range - I just need a table for 2 at 17:00 on Wednesday. Pick your favorite and let me know!|I booked you a moderately priced restaurant in the city's centre called Yippee Noodle Club.  Your reference number is 0P6H7PDL.  Can I help you further?
No, that's it thank you.|We can also arrange a taxi from your hotel to the restaurant when you are ready, just let us know a hour or so in advance of your reservation on Wednesday.
That's an excellent idea. Could you help me find a hotel in the north?|There are plenty of locations that meet your criteria. Would you like to narrow it down further by stars, internet, or price range?
The hotel should be in the north and should include free wifi.|Acorn Guest House is a nice place, do you want their info ?
Do they have free parking?|Yes the Acorn Guesthouse has free parking available.
I am also looking for lodging in the expensive price range. Does the Acorn Guesthouse fit this requirement?|Acron guest does meet your requirements would you like for me to book it?
Yeah, I want it booked for 2 people on wednesday for 2 nights|I have that booked and your reference number is BQBO6HOV.
Thanks. Now I'll just need a taxi to take me from the hotel to the restaurant, arriving by 17:00. Please give me car type and contact info|blue volkswagen
Contact number:07882720799 Is there anything else I can assist you with?
That's will do it for now. Thank you|Thank you have a wonderful time in the city centre.
I am looking for a moderately priced restaurant in the west part of town.|There are three, moderately priced restaurants in the west part of town. Do you have a preference of cuisine?
No, i dont care about the cuisine.|meghna is a restaurant  in the west part of town and moderately priced. would you like their phone number and address?
I need the address.|meghna is located at 205 Victoria Road Chesterton.  Can I help you with anything else?
no. thank you|Goodbye
Hello I'd like to get some information on a place to eat in the north side of Cambridge.|We have 9 restaurants to chose from. There are Italian, Indian, French, Chinese, European and Asian Restaurants.  What sound good to you?
I prefer Chinese. Something is the expensive price range|I would suggest the hakka it is chinese in the north and is expensive.  Would you like to make reservations?
I'd like to get the address and postcode.  Yes, I'd like a reservation please.  This place sounds great.|Hakka is located on Milton Road, Chesterton, cb41jy.  When would you like your reservation?
On Friday. I also need a 4 star hotel in the west.|We have one in the cheap and one in the expensive range. Which would you prefer?
I actually preferred moderate, but lets go with the expensive option.|Hutington Marriot is an expensive 4-star hotel on Kingfisher Way. It's phone number is 01480446000. Should I book that for you?
I'm sorry, I've checked my budget and really need to go with the cheap hotel. Could you just give me the information on that one? No booking today.|The Cambridge Belfry is hotel in the west, within the cheap price range. What information on the hotel would you like?
do they offer free parking?|Yes. the cambridge belfry offers free parking. Is there anything else I can help you with or would you like me to book it?
No, thanks, but I do need a taxi between the hotel and the restaurant, leaving the hotel at 23:15, please.|Ok, I've booked you a taxi from the hotel and restaurant. It will be a red volkswagen. the contact number:	07761073818
Thank you,thats all I need today.|Thanks for contacting us!
Hi I am looking for a cheap place to dine serving Italian food|You have a few options for italian dining. What area of town would you prefer?
The area doesn't matter to me.|La Margherita serves Italian food in your price range. It's located in the west. Would you like additional information on this restaurant?
Yes can I have the phone number?|The phone number for La Margherita is 01223315232 and they're located at 15 Magdalene Street City Center. Would you like me to make a reservation for you?
Not at the moment.  However, I am also looking for a museum.  Can you assist me with that?|Absolutely! Would you like me to search for one in the same area?
Can you book it for me and get a reference number ?|I am sorry but you cannot book a museum but I can provide you with information about it.
Can I get the phone number and the entrance fee then?|how about byard art? it's phone number is  01223464646 and the entrance fee is free.
That sounds great, thanks for all of your help.  I won't be needing anything else.  Bye.|You're welcome, have a great day.
I am looking for an expensive restaurant in the south part of town. I also need the address and type of food they serve.|chiquito restaurant bar is an expensive restaurant on the south part of town, their address is 2G Cambridge Leisure Park Cherry Hinton Road Cherry Hinton
What type of food?|It's Mexican.
Thank you, goodbye.|Thank you for choosing our system. Good bye
That will be all, thank you!|thank you and good dbye
Can you help me find some local tourist attractions?|Absolutely! Is there a certain type of attraction you're interested in visiting, or are you looking for something in a certain area?
I am interested in something in the centre of town. Are there any entertainment options there?|I'm sorry, there's no entertainment in the centre. Can I look in a different area for you?
Are there any colleges I could check out?|I found 13. How about emmanuel college?
What do they have to offer ?|They have free admission and are located at saint andrew's street
Great. Can I have the phone number?|The phone number is 01223334200. Do you need anything else?
I'm also looking for a barbeque restaurant in the same area as the college.|I'm sorry there aren't any barbecue restaurants in the centre. Would you like to try another type of food or area?
how about asian oriental food|There are 4 Asian restaurants in the Centre. Do you have a price range in mind?
I would prefer a cheap restaurant.|dojo noodle bar is a great cheap restaurant in the centre of town serving asian oriental food. Can i provide you more information or book it for you?
It sounds yummy. Please book a table for Saturday at 19:30 for 7 people.|Your are booked, reference number is 2DNBVG3Z, table is held for 15 minutes after booking time.  Any further questions?
That is all I needed. Thank you for your help.|You're welcome! Have a great day.
I would like some Lebanese food in the west part of town. Are there any available?|I'm sorry we don't have any Lebanese restaurants located in the west part of town.  Would you like to try a different type of food?
How about Thai food?|sala thong serves thai food and is located in the west part of town. Would you like more information for them?
Yes, the address, phone number, and their price range please.|Sala thong is an expensive restaurant located at 35 Newnham Road Newnham. The phone number is 01223 323178.
Thank you goodbye.|thank you and good bye
Hi. Can you help me find a moderately priced restaurant?|there are a variety of moderately priced restaurant in what area do you prefer?
I was thinking somewhere in the centre of town.|how about the oak bistro? It looks lovely
Ok, that sounds good, I need to book a table at 18:00 on Tuesday for 6 people, please.|Your table is reserved, reference #9SJWCXZA. Can I be of any further assistance today?
Can you also find me a train that goes to Peterborough on Wednesday? I need to arrive by 10:45.|What time would you like to leave at?  I have 5 trains leaving between 5:06 and 7:06.
Which train arrives closest to 10:45? I don't want to wait around too long after I arrive.|where are you travelling from?
departure from Cambridge.|The TR0467 leaves at 9:34 and arrives at 10:24.  The cost is 16.50 pounds.  Does this work for you?
Thank you, that was all I needed today.  Goodbye.|Thank you for using our services. Have a great day!
Hi, I'm looking for a cheap austrian restaurant.|I'm sorry but I don't have any Austrian restaurants?  Would you like to try a different cuisine?
Are you sure? I'd really like some Austrian food.|Yes I am sure. However, I do have a number of restaurants listed as serving European food. Would you like information on these?
Yes please.  I prefer the centre of town if possible.|There are a number of European options in the town centre. Do you have a price range?
I would like for that to be cheap as well.|The River Bar Steakhouse and Grill located in the Centre has cheap Modern European food.  Would you care for that?
Sounds good. Could you give me the number? Also, the address and postcode.|The phone number is 01223307030. The address is Quayside Off Bridge STreet and the postcode is cb58aq. Can I book a reservation?
No, I'm all set, thanks. Goodbye!|Thank you, let us know if you need any more help with anything.
Hello!  I'm looking for some entertainment in the centre please!|There is a movie theatre, a concert hall, nightclubs, and museums. What would you like?
Could you please provide me with some information on an attraction that is in he type of museum?|There are 11 museums listed in the centre area. Cambridge contemporary art and castle galleries are two that are listed. Would you like more information on one of these?
What is the entrance fee for the contemporary art museum?|The entrance fee is free.
Free is the best price! I'll probably be hungry after the museum. Are there any moderately priced Italian restaurants around?|Pizza Express is a moderately priced restaurant in the centre of town. Would you like more information on it or to are you interested in booking a table?
Could you book a table for me? I need a reservation for 3 people at 11:30 on Wednesday.|It has been booked, your reference number is QFN3A3E9.
Great! I'll need a taxi that will take me from the museum to the restaurant by 11:30. Can you book one for me?|Its booked! Its a red Volvo
Can I please have the contact number for the taxi company?|Of course. The contact number is 07172397913. Can I help with anything else?
Thank you for your assistance.|Thank you using Cambridge TownInfo centre today! Enjoy the rest of your day.
Hello, I am looking for an expensive restaurant that serves european food.|Eraina in the west part of town serves expensive european food.
Great! Can I have their address and phone number?|Eraina is located at Free School Lane City Centre, and their phone number is 01223 368786
Thank you goodbye.|You're welcome.
I need a place in the north with free wifi, please.|I can help with that. What is your price range?
I don't care about the price, but it should be 4 stars.|You have eight options for lodging. Do you need parking?
No that does not matter.  Please make a suggestion and book it for 1 people and 4 nights starting from sunday.|how about arbury lodge guesthouse?
That sounds great please book it for 1 person for 4 nights  starting on sunday.|Your booking for 1 at the arbury lodge guesthouse this sunday for 5 days 4 nights was successful. Your Reference number is : X1GCL10K. Anything else for today?
Yes, Can you please book a table at the grafton hotel restaurant for the same amount of people at 11:15 on the same day?|Your booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is  DPR6YMGB. What else can I help with today?
That will be all. Thank you!|Thank you for using our service! Please contact us if you need more information about Cambridge. Have a good day.
Yes I am looking for a moderately priced Italian restaurant.|Prezzo is a moderately priced italian restaurant in the west part of town. Would you like to go there?
I need something in the centre part of town. What do you have?|I have two options to choose from.  Pizza Express and Pizza Express Fen Ditton are both in the centre of town.
I'd like to make a reservation at Pizza Express Fen Ditton.|I can do that.  When will you be eating?
We will be eating at 14:30 on Wednesday. I need the reservation to be for 7 people.|I have booked you a reservation at Pizza Express Fen Ditton for 7 people on Wednesday at 14:30. Your reference number is 4DVILHUV. Do you need anything else?
Yes, I am also looking for a place to stay. I prefer a guesthouse.|What area would you like to stay in?
I would like to stay somewhere near the restaurant.|There are two hotels available. Do you have a preference between 0 or 4 stars?
3 stars will be fine thank you|Alexander bed and breakfast	is the 4 star rated place.
Does it have free wifi?|Yes, it has both wifi and parking. Would you like to book a room?
book for 7 people for 5 days from wednesday|Booking was successful.
Reference number is : 62UNRH8C.
I wouls also need a taxi|I would be happy to book your taxi. I need the travel time, departure location and arrival destination please.
I want it to take me from Alexander B&B to Pizza Express Fen Ditton to get me there by 14:30.|Your taxi is booked. Be expecting a yellow Volkswagen. Please call 07236965666 should you need to reach them.
thanks! that will be all for today.|Thank you, enjoy your stay!
Hi! I am attempting to find a restaurant in Cambridge called Traveller's Rest. Do you know of it?|Sure, do you want me to make a booking or do you need more information?
I would like to book a table for 3 people at 14:30 on sunday. I will need the reference number as well.|Ok, it's booked! Your reference number for the reservation is GZ16XA39.
Great! I'm also looking for something fun to do in town. Can you help me find something to do?|We have many great attractions here. Is there some place specific you would like to go?
I am looking for something in the centre.|Ok, is there a specific attraction type you are interested in seeing?
I am looking for an entertainment attraction preferably.|I'm not showing anything in the centre.  Is there another area you're interested in visiting, or a different type of attraction?
Ok, how about a park in the centre. Are there any?|I am not finding any parks. Sorry.
what kind of entertainment are there in centre?|There isn't any entertainment in the centre would you like to try another area or another type of attraction?
Just find me a park anywhere then.|cambridge university botanic gardens is in the centre area. I'm sorry I couldnt find it before. Can I get you more info on that?
Could you provide me with the address, please?|The address there is bateman street.
Thank you! I will also need a taxi to commute between the two places.|I'd be happy to book a taxi for you.  Where would you like to depart from?
From the park to the restaurant, I would like to get there by the booked time.|I have your taxi booked, it is a black toyota and the contact number is 07523319524.  Can I help with anything else?
No, thank you. I have everything I need at this time.|Your welcome. enjoy your stay in Cambridge.
I need a place to dine that is expensive in the centre.|I can help with that.  Did you have a price range in mind?
Expensive, please. British food.|Okay, I recommend midsummer house restaurant in Midsummer Common. Would you like a reservation?
Yes I would love that. I need to make the reservation for 8 people for 16:15 on Thursday.|Ok, you're all set, the table will be reserved for 15 minutes and your reference number is : 48QP48K1. Can I help you with anything else?
Thanks for handling the restaurant. I will have time to  check out the town. Do you have multiple sports in the same area as the restaurant?|No, there aren't any multiple sports places in the centre.  Would you like me to check a different part of town?
Why don't you try looking for a college in that area instead please|There are 13 colleges in the centre. I recommend downing college.
Okay, that sounds nice. Can you give me their phone number and tell me their entrance fee?|01223334860 is the phone number, and entrance is free. Anything else today?
No, that's all I needed. Thanks for your help!|You have a wonderful day and a great trip.
I am looking for places to go here in the centre of town.  Could you please assist me?|What kind of place? Are you looking for entertainment, dinner, culture, or what?
I would like to go to a museum please.|I recommend Castle Galleries.
Does Castle Galleries have an entrance fee?|No, Castle Galleries is free to enter!
Wonderful. I am also looking for a Chinese restaurant near the Castle Galleries. Can you book me a table for 7 people on Sunday at 12:30?|Would you like a cheap, moderate, or expensive restaurant?
It doesn't matter, whatever you recommend will be fine. As long as it's in the same area as Castle Galleries and serves Chinese food.|I have the Sesame Restaurant and Bar that is a more expensive Chinese restaurant also located in the town centre. Would you like more information or I also have others?
Yes, I would like to go to the Sesame Restaurant and Bar. I would need to book a taxi to get from the museum to the restaurant.|I have booked you a blue toyota taxi and its contact number is 07271370296.
Great, wonderful! That's all I needed.|If that is all, I would like to thank you for using our service.
Yes hi, I'm looking for an expensive place to dine.|Did you have a particular area you would like to visit?
The north that serves tuscan food and is insanely expensive, money is no object.|We have no matching records for that. Would you like to change something?
That is disappointing.  How about some French food?|Restaurant Two Two serves French food and is very expensive. Will that work for you?
That sounds lovely. What's their phone number, address and postcode?|Their phone number is 01223351880.  They are located at 22 Chesterton Road Chesterton, post code cb43ax.  Is there anything else I can help you with tonight?
Yes.  After dinner I'd like to go to parkside pools.  What is the address and postcode?|I can provide that for you. Parkside pools is located on Gonville Place and their postcode is cb11ly. Can I help with anything else?
Yes, can I also get their entrance fee, phone number, and attraction type, please?|The entrance fee isn't listed, but the attraction type is swimmingpool, and the number is 01223446100.
Are you sure the entrance fee isn't listed? It should be.|No, the entrance fee is not listed.
Thank you so much for all your help. That will be everything today.|Your welcome. Have a great day?
I need a restaurant in the east part of town that serves world food.|I found no matching records for your requests. Do you want to try something else ?
How about chinese food?|Yu Garden is a great Chinese restaraunt on the east side of town. Should I get you their phone number?
Yes, please, and the address and postcode also.|The address is 529 Newmarket Road Fen Ditton, the postcode is CB58PA, and the phone number is 01223 248882.
thank you, goodbye.|Goodbye, and thank you for using the Cambridge restaurant system.
i am looking for a restaurant in the expensive price range and should be in the centre part of town.|Do you have a certain type of cuisine in mind?
Anything would be fine.|Well, if you're interested in something unusual, we have the Bedouin, which serves African cuisine. Or there's the more traditional Cote, which serves French cuisine.
Thank you what is the address and what is the pesticide for Bedouln. What fun attractions are near by?|The address for bedouin is 100 Mill Road City Centre and the postcode is cb12bd. What kind of attraction are you looking for?
I'm looking for a college, fairly close to the restaurant, if at all possible.|There are many colleges in the area I recommend corpus christi it costs 2 pounds but is beautiful. A free college is emmanuel college. Can I help with anything else?
I need a taxi to help me get around between the two areas. I want to leave the restaurant at 12:00.|first, let's determine which of the two colleges you would like to be your destination after the restaurant.
I'd like to go to Emmanuel College from the restaurant.|Your all set, look for a red lexus, the contact number is 07138753925, can I assist with anything else?
Thanks! No that's it!|Thanks for calling - and enjoy your trip! Goodbye!
Hi, I'm looking for a Portuguese restaurant in the south of Cambridge.|I can recommend Nandos, a cheap portuguese place in the south.  I can help you book a table if you'd like.
Yes please.  A table for 2 at 15:30 on Thursday would be great.|Great I was able to get that booked for you. Reservation # is ID2VGNB7. Is there anything else?
Yes. I'd also like to go to a museum in the same area.|Byard Art is in the south. They're at 14 King's Parade. Would that suit you?
Yes, can I purchase the tickets now or do I need to buy them at the door?|For the museum the admission is free of charge, so you do not have to have a ticket. Is there anything else I can help with?
Can I please get a phone number?|The phone number for byard art is 	01223464646. Is that all you needed help with?
Yeah, that should be all, thank you.|Great, enjoy the trip!
Can you help me find a german restaurant in the east please?|I did not find any german restaurant in the west. would you like to change location/food type?
Can you find me something cheap?|I've found two in that area that fit that criteria. An Italian restaurant and a Vietnamese restaurant. Which of those would you prefer?
I prefer the Italian but will go to the Vietnamese if the booking does not work.|The Italian restaurant is called La Margherita. What day would you like a reservation?
You know what, I've changed my mind. I'd prefer international to Italian. Are there any like that in the east part of town?|Yes, in the east part of town The Missing Sock serves international food and their prices are quite low. Shall I book you a table?
That sounds good. Could I get a reservation on thursday at 15:15 for 1 with a reference number? Also looking for a place to stay in the area with free parking|I am sorry but that time is not available to book.  Would you like to try another time?
I guess a reservation at 15:30 would be alright. Do you have any?|I am sorry, that still does not work, any other time you could do?
Perhaps another restaurant in the east that serves International food and can be booked at that time?|I do apologize, but that is the only international restaurant in the area. Perhaps pick another cuisine type?
You stated earlier there was no German restaurant in the west, but I was looking for one in the east.|My apologies about the miscommunication.  There is no German restaurant in the east area.
Okay, but given the mistake regarding the area of town, could you check again for a table for 1 at a cheap international restaurant on the east side?|There is one restaurant for international on the east side the missing sock, I attempted booking but it was unsuccessful.  Can we try another time for booking?
Can you try again to book The Missing Sock for 1 person at 15:15?|That too was unsuccessful. Maybe you'd like to try for another day?
Is there a way you can contact the restaurant and try the booking again for 15:15 on Thursday for 1 person?|Unfortunately, that time is also unavailable.
I need a restaurant serving International Food in the East  Thursday at 15:15 for one person.  Can you do that for me?|The only restaurant that fits that criteria is the missing sock. Can I try a different reservation time for you?
That restaurant will be fine, lets book it.|Perfect, your booking was successful, the reference number is T5BJ4XD0.  Is there anything else that I can help you with?
Thanks! I need a hotel on the east side, please.|Of course, would a guesthouse be OK?
Yes, as long as it is in the same general area and price range as The Missing Sock restaurant.|carolina bed and breakfast is in the east part of town. How many people should i book for
I am looking for a restaurant called the Gandhi.|The Gandhi is at 72 Regent Street City Centre. Would you like a reservation or more information?
I'd like a reservation for 7 people Monday at 15:30 please.|Unable to book at that time.Would you like a different restaurant ?
I need a train that leaves Cambridge at 21:30|And what is your destination for that trip?
I want to go to London Liverpool Street|I found 14 trains.  What day do you want to travel?
Thrusday. Can I also ask the price of these trains?|The price is 16.60 pounds. I have 2 matching trains. One arrives by 23:27 and the other arrives by 01:27. Do you want to book either?
No thank you. I am interested in finding an expensive place to eat in the centre of town. Any recommendations?|I have many restaurants like that. What kind of cuisine are you looking for?
I am looking to book a table for 2 at 12:45 on Thursday at a thai restaurant.|The only expensive Thai restaurant in the center, Bangkok City, doesn't have any availability at that time. Would you like to try something else?
Can you change the booking time to 11:45, and try again?|Alright, you're booked at 11:45 at the Meze Bar Restaurant. Your reference number is UXHS88M3. Will that be all for today?
Yes, that's everything I needed. Thank You!|Thank You! Goodbye.
Hello there! I am looking for a restaurant that specializes in Swedish food.|What area would you like?
Any|There is no Swedish restaurant. Would you like to change your query?
how about asian oriental?|Charlie Chan has cheap chinese food located on Regent Street City Centre,  phone 01223 361763
Do you have any moderately priced listings for asian oriental?|There is the Yippee Noodle Bar. Would you like the address?
Yes please and the phone number as well. Thank you.|The address is  40428 King Street City Centre and the phone number is 01223 518111.
Excellent.  That is all I needed.  Have a good evening and thank you!|Thank you for using our system. Goodbye!
I am looking for a place to dine! I would prefer chinese food located in the north.|There are 3 Chinese restaurants in the north. One is in the moderate price range and two are in the expensive price range. Do you have a preference?
I would like one in the expensive range please|I can recommend the hotpot.  Would you like help making a reservation?
Not at this time. Can I have the address, phone number, and postcode?|The address is 66 Chesterton Road Chesterton, the post code is cb41ep and the phone number is 01223366552. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yeah I'd like to go somewhere in town, like a boat or something.|If you are interested in boating, I have 4 different venues available. I have some in the north, east and centre of town. Which do you prefer?
How about one in the north?|The Riverboat Georgina may interest you then it is located at Cambridge Passenger Cruisers, Jubilee House in the North with a phone number of 01223902091.  Can I help you more?
I will also need a taxi to get to the boat from the restaurant.|When would you like to arrive by?
I need to arrive by 14:15|I was able to book you a black volkswagen, phone number is 07123207292
Thank you, that's all I need today.|Thank you for using our system!
I'm looking for a cheap restaurant that serves world food?|Unfortunately there are now restaurants that meet those specifications. Would you like me to look for a different kind of food?
The restaurant should be in the north.|The only restaurants in the north serve Asian Oriental, Chinese, European, French, Indian or Italian food. Would you like to change to one of those?
Tell me about the Indian restaurants in the north then please?|There are two Indian restaurants, the nirala and royal spice. The royal spice is in the cheap range and the nirala is in the moderate price range.
Can you book me a table for two at the Royal Spice?|What day would you like this reservation to be available for?
I need a booking for 2 people at 17:30 on tuesday.|Booking was unsuccessful. Would you like to find another restaurant?
Yes.  Can you look for something in the same area and price range please?|I can get a table for you at da vinci pizzeria. This is the only other place to eat in that area. Reference number is W6MFU6XD.
That is perfect. Thank you for all the help!|Thank you for using our system!
Help me find a place to eat expensive russian food.|There are no Russian restaurants in this area. Is there another type of food I can help you find?
Are there any Russian restaurants in the west at all, forget it being expensive.|There are none available. Would you like to try searching with different criteria?
Are there any expensive restaurants that serve Indian food in that area?|Yes, there are 5 different expensive Indian restaurants in that area. Might I suggest Maharajah Tandoor restaurant?
That can work. Can you get the address and postcode please?|The address is 41518 Castle Street City Centre and the postcode is cb30ah.
Thank you. I also need a hotel in the same price range, but it must include free parking.|I found 5 hotels, would you like Huntingdon Marriott Hotel, it has the highest ratings.
The hotel must have free wifi too, sorry.|The Huntingdon Marriott has free wifi as well.
I need a booking starting on Monday for 3 nights for 8 people please.|You room reservation is all set. Reference number is : HJQ7ZA48. Can I help with anything else today?
Thank you that's all!|You're welcome! Let me know if you need anything else.
Hi there! I need a 4-star accommodation with free wifi.|There are several.  Is there an area of town you are interested in?
Yes, I would like to stay in the north of possible.|There are eight. What price range would you like? Moderate or cheap?
I would like a moderately priced hotel.  I'd like to book it starting Wednesday for 5 nights for 2 people if possible. Can you help?|There are 7 moderately priced lodging accommodations to choose from, but they are all guesthouses rather than hotels. Would one of them do? The Archway House is very nice.
The Archway House would be fine. Can you book me a room for Wednesday for 2 people, 5 nights please?|I was successful in booking the Archway House. Your reference number is QEWQ8SSL. Is there anything else I may assist you with today?
Yes, I'm also looking for a place to eat.  I'd like a moderately priced restaurant that serves Halal food. Can you check that out?|I'm sorry, we don't have any Halal restaurants. Would you like to try a different type?
Are there any good restaurants near the hotel?|there are nine restaurants in the north.
Okay, I'm looking for something then that serves Indian food.|There are two options, The Nirala which is in the moderate price range and Royal Spice which is in the cheap price range.
The Nirala would be fine. I would like to book a table for the same day|How many people will be eating and for what time?
2 people at 11:30, please.|Your reservation for 2 at the nirala this wednesday at 11:30 was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Your Reference number is : 56DW8LTL.
thanks I need a cab to and from. I need to get at the restaurant on time|Booking completed! Your car is a red ford and the contact number is 07386738541.
Thanks for the help, goodbye.|You're welcome. If you need anything else, please contact us.
I'd like information about an attraction called Williams Art and Antiques. Can you help me with that?|Sure! It is a museum in the centre and is free to enter. The phone number is 01223311687. Is there any other information you would like?
No, thank you.|You're welcome. I hope you enjoy the museum!
I am also looking for a place to eat in the expensive price range that serves chinese, can you help me with that too?|I have several choices for expensive Chinese food. Can I recommend tang chinese? It is in the centre of town.
That sounds perfect. Can you tell me their phone number?|Yes, it is 01223357187. Would you like me to make  reservation?
Not at this time, but thank you.  I appreciate your help.|No problem! I hope you enjoy your day!
i am looking for a place to dine. The restaurant should serve chinese food and should be in the expensive price range.|There are 9 to choose from. Do you have a preference as to area?
Area isn't important, can you recommend a good one?|peking restaurant	 is located in the south. can i give you their contacts?
Can you please make a reservation for me for 8 people at 16:30 on Tuesday?|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Reference number is : B8VXAZN0.
Thank you. I also would like to visit somewhere in the centre of town.|There are many places to visit in the centre of town. Is there something specific you are wanting or would you like a recommendation?
Any attraction is fine honestly, but how about a night club?|There are 5 nightclubs in the centre. I recommend soul tree nightclub their entrance fee is 4 pounds. Would that one interest you?
That sounds fun!  How much is it to get in?|Entrance fee is 4 pounds. They are located at 1-6 corn exchange street, phone number 01223477900. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Thank is all. Thanks so much!|You are welcome. Let us know if you need anything else.
I need a place to dine during my trip. It needs to be in the east and serve northern european food.|I'm afraid I don't have any matches. Do you have any other preferences?
Can you see if there's any Indian restaurant?|Sure.  There is a moderately priced restaurant called Curry Prince.  Would you like to go there?
Yes. Please book us a spot for 7 people on Thursday at 13:00.|I was able to book you a table. Your reference number is F75434P4. Is there anything else I can do for you?
I also need a train on Thursday. London Liverpool to Cambridge.|There are three trains that arrive before 13:00. The closest arrival would be 11:07. What time would you like to depart?
actually i want to arrive before 10:45 if possible.|TR8805 will leave at 7:39 and arrive by 9:07. It will cost 16.60 pounds per ticket. Would you like to book seats?
Yes, I would like that for 7 people as well.|okay your total is 116.2 GBP payable at the station and your confirmation is 40B9LTO9.
Great thank you for all your help today.|Thank you for calling. I hope you enjoy your trip. Goodbye.
I am looking for an expensive restaurant in the west.|Graffiti is an expensive restaurant in the west that is available.
What kind of foods do they serve there? And I would like an address and the postal code as well please. Do you also have reviews of Graffiti, from locals?|Graffiti serves British food. The postcode is cb30lx. The address is Hotel Felix Whitehouse Lane Huntingdon Road. Reviews are not available in our database.
Okay thank you for your time.|Thank you! Have a great day!
I need a place to stay in cambridge. A hotel in moderate price range would do it.|There are 18 moderately priced places to stay. Is there an area you'd like to stay in?
Yeah, I'd like to stay in the center of town. Oh and I'll need free wifi! Thanks.|Okay I have one option for you called Cityroomz. Would you like me to book it for you?
Yeah, you can go ahead and book it for 2 people. I'll be staying for 3 nights starting on Thursday.|You're all set! Reference number is LX1F2BXI.
Thank you. I also need to find a restaurant near the hotel in the moderate price range.|Ok i will find you one and notify you as soon as possible
Yes I am looking for information on Michael House cafe.|The Michael House cafe is an expensive european restaurant located in the centre.  Would you like me to make you a reservation?
Yes, please. For a party of 7 on Friday, at 17:15.|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : ALCPCA3P. Is there anything else I can help you with?
That will be all. Thank you very much.|You're welcome. Enjoy your day.
I'm looking for an expensive place to get some British food.|I have 6 expensive British restaurants for you.  Do you have a specific area that's more convenient?
Any area is fine.|Great.  How about fitzbillies restaurant in the centre?
postcode, phone number, and address please and thank you|The post code is cb21rg, the phone number is 01223352500 and this is the address: 51 Trumpington Street City Centre
Thank you, can I get info on hotels that are 4 stars and have wifi?|Certainly. There are two hotels on the west side and the university arms hotel in the centre of town.
Okay, how about the University Arms Hotel.|That is available will you be needing a reservation?
Yes, I need a reservation for 7 people for 3 nights starting Saturday. Please, I will need the reference number.|Got it. Here is your reference number : QGL24UOF.
Perfect, thank you. Finally, I need a taxi to go between Fitzbillies and the University Arms Hotel.|Will you be going to the hotel from the restaurant or vice versa? And I need to know when you want to leave or arrive by.
I will be going to the restaurant from the hotel.|Ok great, and what is your time preference?
Actually, I want to go from the restaurant to the hotel instead. I want to leave the restaurant by 17:15.|Ok, I have you booked in a yellow volkswagen and you can reach them at 07182852821. What else can I do for you today?
Great, thanks! That is everything I needed.|You're very welcome. Let us know if we can be of further assistance. Good-bye.
Can you help me find a hotel today?|I sure can help you! Is there a particular area you are wanting to search in?
I was hoping for a hotel in the east that is cheap.|There are no matches that fit the criteria, can I look for something else?
A 4 star hotel with wifi and free parking ?|i suggest you seeuniversity arms hotel	. it is expensive located in regent street,cb21ad. you want their phone number?
That is all I need for the hotel. But I am looking for a place to dine.|There are over 100 restaurants in the city, could you tell me which area or cuisine you are wanting so I can narrow the choices down?
I'm actually interested the saffron brasserie and I'd like to book it for one on Saturday @ 15:00 . May I have the reference number?|Unfortunately I am unable to book that for you. Is there a different option.
Yes, can you try for 14:00 instead?|It was booked, your reference number is 0482J6XU is there anything else?
No, that is okay. Thank you.|Have a great day!
Thanks, you too. Goodbye.|You are welcome. Good bye
I'm looking for a place to dine, in the cheap price range, that serves molecular gastronomy.|I show no restaurants matching those criteria. Would you like to change your price range or the cuisine?
What about a cheap vietnamese place?|Thanh Binh at 17 Magdalene Street City Centre fits your criteria. Would you like me to book it?
Can I have the phone number for that location as well as the address?|Absolutely. The phone number is 01223362456 and the address is 17 Magdalene Street City Centre.
I am also looking for a place to stay. I'd like a guesthouse that has free wifi included.|I have found 23 hotels fitting that criteria. What area of town would you like, or what pricerange?
I don't want to stay in a hotel, I'd prefer a guesthouse please that has free wifi and free parking.|There are several guesthouses with the criteria that you provided.  Do you have a preference from the list of hotels?
Yes can you please list the hotels names please.|Due to the size of the list could you provide your price range or the area you would prefer to help narrow it down?
I don't really have a price range. What do you suggest?|The allenbell is a guesthouse in the east. It is in the cheap price range, but has a 4 star rating. Would you like to book a room?
Yes, I would like to book it for two people for four nights starting on Friday.|I'm sorry there is not availability at the allenbell for 4 nights, are you able to stay for a shorter period of time?
I suppose I can start out with three nights, if that is available.|I was able to book your room at the Allenbell for 3 nights. Your reference number is  K86FT247. Is there anything else that I can do for you?
If it isn't too much trouble, I'd like to book a taxi between the two places, leaving the restaurant by 02:15. I need the contact number and car type, too.|I have booked you a yellow tesla. The contact number is 07504166156.
Thank you that's all I needed!|You're welcome, enjoy your time in Cambridge!
May have the name of a moderately priced restaurant in the south part of town?|There are two restaurants in the south part of town and in the moderate price range. What kind of food would you like?
I don't care.|Restaurant alimentum is the other moderate priced restaurant in the south of town
Is there anything else?|pizza hut cherry hinton is located in the south part of town and is in the moderate price range.  Their phone number is 01223 323737 and they are located at G4 Cambridge Leisure Park Clifton Way Cherry Hinton.
What is the postcode?|My apologies. The postcode is C.B 1, 7 D.Y. Is there anything else I could help you with today?
That is it. Thank you.|Thank you for using our system. Good bye
I would like to know if there is an Italian restaurant nearby me.|We have 15 italian restaurants.  Let me find one close to you, what area are you in?
I guess we don't need a restaurant after all. My husband isn't hungry. He wants to take a look at a college instead.|There are many colleges to choose from, which area of town are you interested in?
I would like to find one in the west. Are there any in that area?|The are five colleges in the west. Would you like to visit a free one or one with an entrance fee?
I don't care, just need the postcode, phone number, and address.|Okay Churchill College is free and their address is  Storey's Way, their postcode is cb30ds and their phone number is 01223336233.
I am also looking for a restaurant. The restaurant should be in the moderate price range and should be in the same area as the attraction.|What type of food would you like?
how about you suggest one and book a table for 4 at 15:15 on wednesday, and I'll need the reference number too please|Ok, I've booked you a table for 4 at Prezzo. Reference number is YXVRL9YK, and the table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Do you need anything else?
I'll also be needing a taxi to get me from the college to the restaurant.|When and where would you like to be picked up?
From Churchill, and i want to get there by the time you booked my table.|I have a red audi and the contact number is 07674679354. Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
Thats everything I needed thanks for the help!|Thank you for using our service today!
Please see if you can find me an Indian restaurant on the East end|There are 4 Indian restaurants in the east side. Do you prefer a certain price range?
Cheap price and address and phone number|There are none in that price range. Would you like to try a different price range?
Sure, I think any price range is actually fine, as long as it's indian and in the east. I'll need their address and phone number.|Curry prince is a restaurant serving indian food. They are located at 451 Newmarket Road Fen Ditton. Their phone number is 01223566388.
I need a place to stay also. free wifi please, but no parking is needed|I have 3 places to choose from. 2 are guesthouses and 1 is a hotel. Do you prefer one over the other?
Yes, I'd prefer a guesthouse that's cheap if any are available.|I am sorry we don't have any cheap ones in the area
How about a hotel that is really cheap? I need a room for 7 for 3 nights on friday|Okay. We have you booked at the Cambridge Belfry. Your reference number is QM0PRNJW.
Thanks so much. Have a great day. Goodbye|You're welcome.  You do the same.
Good morning!  I need to take a train to Cambridge on Tuesday.|I'm sure we can accommodate you. Where are you departing from?
I'm looking to leave from ely and arrive by 12:15|Okay, the TR3412 leaves at 11:35 and arrives by 11:52. Would you like me to book tickets?
Yes, that would be great. I would like to book a ticket for 4 people.|I booked your train ride. Your reference number is CRLMATVB and it will cost 13.2 GBP when you go to the station.
Thanks. I am looking for an asian oriental restaurant in the centre. Do you have any?|I have options ranging from cheap to expensive. If price is no issue, Kymmoy is the best.
I need something moderately priced.|J restaurant meets your requirements.
Sounds good. Can I have their address?|Yes. The address is 86 Regent Street, City Centre. Can I book a reservation for you?
No, I'm just figuring out my options right now.  You have been very helpful, that is all I need for today.  Bye.|Let me know if I can help more.
Can you help me find a museum to visit?|I can. Does location matter?
No, it does not matter.  You can make a suggestion and provide the address and postcode.|cambridge and county folk museum located at 2-3 Castle street. 3.50 pounds to get in, but well worth it.Check out the gift shop too.
Can I have the postcode, please?|The postcode is at cb30aq
Thanks much! Oh and I'd also like to find a place to dine in the centre. Can you help me with that too?|Absolutely. What sort of cuisine would you like?
I'd like modern American in the moderate price range, if possible?|I have none that match your criteria.  May I suggest a different area or food type?
If you don't have any Modern American places, maybe Modern European?|There are 2 modern European restaurants.
Could you pick one and give me the postcode and phone number?|Sure thing here you go 01223259988 and cb21rt.
What is the address?|Riverside Brasseri, located at Doubletree by Hilton Cambridge Granta Place Mill Lane. Will there be anything else?
great! I also want to book a taxi from the cambridge and county folk museum going to Riverside Brasseri by 18:30.|Ok great, your booking is completed. Car type is a Blue Lexus, contact number is 07998934356.
Can you reserve it for me?|Your booking is complete. Can I help you with anything else?
What adult attraction are within 5 miles of the restaurant?|I have ballare nightclub very close in the same area.
I was never given the car type and contact number for my taxi, could you please provide them?|I'd be happy to give that to you again. Car type is a Blue Lexus, contact number is 07998934356. Can I assist you further?
NO that was all I needed. THank you,|thank you for choosing us
i am glad i was of help|Thank you for calling today. Please feel free to reach out if you need anything else. Goodbye.
Hello, i'm looking for a restaurant called river bar steakhouse and grill.|This is a modern european, cheap restaurant. It's in the centre, located at Quayside Off Bridge Street.
What is their postcode?|Their post code is cb58aq.  Would you like me to make a reservation for you?
Not right now. Is there anywhere to go for entertainment in the south?|There's the tenpin entertainment attraction in the south.
Can you tell me more about The Tenpin? And can you give me a phone number and postcode?|The Tenpin can be reached at 08715501010. Their postcode is cb17dy. Is there anything else you needed?
Thanks. I will also need a taxi between The Tenpin and river bar steakhouse and grill.|I can do that for you. Do you know when you'd like to leave or arrive so I can schedule the car?
I would like to leave our attraction by 2:30 and head to the restaurant.|Ok, you are all set look for a Yellow Lexus, if you need to contact the taxi, they can be reached at 07983066383
Great, thank you so much! That's all I will need for today!|Thank you for using our services. Have a great day.
Hello! Can you recommend a moderately priced restauarnt near the south part of town?|Would you prefer italian or modern european food?
It doesn't matter.|Restaurant Alimentum is a nice restaurant serving modern european food in the moderate price range and is located in the south.
May I have their address please?|Their address is 152 - 154 Hills Road.
Thank you goodbye.|Thank you. Goodbye.
Can you give me some suggestions on restaurants? I'm interested in a cheap Mediterranean restaurant.|The Gardenia in Centre meets your specifications, would you like the address?
That sounds like a great restaurant. Is it really good?|Yes, it is wonderful food in the centre of town.  Can I reserve a table for you?
Sure! It's a party of 4, and we'd like to eat at 18:00 on Wednesday. Can I get the reference number, too?|Great I was able to book that reference number is 3HFQTSAU.
Thanks so much. Are you able to help with train schedules too?|Yes of course, can I get information on your departure and arrival locations?
I need to travel from Cambridge to Stansted Airport.|What day and time are you wanting to leave or arrive?
I want to leave from Cambridge on Thursday and arrive by 16:00 on that same day.|How about the TR6456? It arrives at 15:08.
That will work. Could you reserve 4 seats on that train for me?|I was able to book you 4 tickets. Your reference number is R9X7VU6W. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
No, that is everything that I needed.  Thank you so much for all of your help!  Goodbye!|Thank you for using our service today.
I'm looking for a college in town.|Is there a particular area you're looking for a college in? Christ's college is in the centre area, it is located on saint andrew's street.
Could you give me the address for it?|The address is saint andrew's street and the postcode is cb23bu. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I also need a cheap restaurant in the same area as the attraction.|I have 15 options in that area.  Do you have a certain type of food you would like?
I'm open to try anything. Can you recommend one of the restaurants you found in the centre area?|May I suggest charlie chan? It meets all your criteria.
That sounds good. Could you book it for 3 people at 18:15 on wednesday?|Not a problem your reservation for Charlie chan is set for Wednesday at 18:15 for 3 people, and your reference number QAU8U9M7.  Anything else I can help with?
Yes, I need a taxi to travel from christ's college to charlie chan and arrive by 18:15.|I booked the taxi for you.  It's a grey Honda and the contact number is 07889503831. Anything else I can assist you with?
.
That is all I needed today.|In that case I hope you have a wonderful visit and enjoy the rest of your day! Goodbye!
Help me find an expensive restaurant.|I would be happy to assist you. Is there an area of town that interests you?
No, but I'm looking for Corsican food.|I apologize, but I could not find a Corsican restaurant meeting your criteria.  Would you like to try a different food type?
Yes can you check the same area for chinese food please?|I have many, what area were to looking to dine in?
The area does not matter. But try European food please?|I found 5 restaurants that serve European food all over Cambridge. I recommend the city stop restaurant on the North side. Would you like me to make a reservation for you?
Yes please for 7 people at 14:15 on friday.|I have a table booked for 7 people on friday at 14:15, your reference number is JCTPEZT9.  Can I help with anything else?
yeah i also need a train|Could you tell me your departure site and destination?
cambridge. by 13:30 and should go to broxbourne|Ok, do you have a day of the week you want to travel?
I need to travel on monday please.|Okay. There are 10 trains matching your query. TR9605 departs at 14:01. Would you like to make a booking for that train or hear about other options?
No, just get me the Train ID.|The train ID is TR 9605. Is there anything else you need?
That was all thank you.  Goodbye.|Thank you for contacting us and have a nice day.
AM looking for a place to dine. The restaurant should be in the south and should serve gastropod food.|I'm sorry, there aren't any gastropubs in the south part of town. If you're open to other areas there are three in the centre and one in the east?
How about a cheap chinese one in the south?|I have one place that would be good for you, would you like me to start booking ?
Yes that would be great, thanks! It'll be 7 people dining on friday at 11:30. And can I have a reference number for it?|You are booked at The Lucky Star.  The table will be reserved for 15 minutes, Reference number is : EXU13ZFQ.  Can I help further?
No, thank you so much!|Thanks so much for using Cambridge TownInfo centre. Have a great time!
I'm looking for a place to dine in Cambridge, if you could help me with some options.|I would love to help you. What type food are you wanting to eat and what area would you like to dine in?
I would love some afghan food in the centre of town.|There are no afghan food places located in the centre of town. How about something else?
How about Indian food, I hear there are some good indian places in Cambridge.|There are several Indian restaurants in the area. Is there a certain price range you were looking for?
Any price range is okay with me.|Curry Garden is a nice place , do you want their info?
Hi! I need to find a cheap restaurant in the centre.|There are 15 restaurants in the centre that serve cheap food. What type of food do you want?
No preference. Please recommend any one of those restaurants.|How about dojo noodle bar. It is on the cheap side and located in the centre.
Sure, can you try and book a table for Wednesday at 12:15?  There are 5 people.|I'm sorry but there are no available tables at that time, would you like to find another restaurant?
Yes, what other restaurants are in the same area in price range?|There are 15 such restaurants. How about the J Restaurant? It also serves asian oriental food. Would that work?
Any place I can get in to will be fine, in that are.|Okay I will make reservation for J restaurant is available.
Do you have a cheap restaurant that serves indian food. In the mood for curry.|I'd be happy to check on that for you. In fact, I have 4 different restaurants. Three are in the centre of town and I have one in the north.
I would like one in the centre of town that is in the cheap price range.|Try kohinoor they are located at 74 Mill Road City Centre.
Great, can you book me a table for Wednesday?|How many in your party?
Just me. I'd like to eat at 16:45.|I'm sorry, that isn't available?  Could you perhaps try a different time or day?
Okay, let's try 15:45 instead?|I have a table for you at 15:45. Your reference number is BVDPM13V.
Could you also help me find a guesthouse in the same area as the restaurant and in the same price range.  I would like free WIFI.|I found two that fit your criteria, would you like me to book for you?
Yes please, just me starting on the day of my restaurant visit.|I booked you at the alexander bed and breakfast
I needed that for 4 nights, did you get that for me? Also I'd like a reference number.|Alright, I got that booked for you. Four nights at Alexander Bed and Breakfast starting Wednesday. Your reference number is BOL6JBIT.
Thank you for all of your help.|Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Not at this time, thank you!|It was a pleasure helping you today. Remember to contact us anytime if you need more assistance.
Are there any entertainment attractions in the centre of town?|Unfortunately, I haven't found anything. Would you like me to search for another type of attraction, or another location?
Sure. Are there any colleges in the centre?|Yes, there are 13 colleges located in the centre. Can I help you narrow down the results?
Sure, I would like the largest college available|gonville and caius college 	Area-centre 	Phone #-01223332400 	Post code-cb21ta 	Address-trinity street 	Entrance fee-free
Thank you. Can you also find a turkish restaurant that is moderately priced?|There are two that match your requests. Anatolia and efes restaurant. Would you like me to book one for you?
Is one of them in the centre area. I would like one close to the college.|They are both located in the centre. Efes restaurant is located at King Street City Centre. Would you like to reserve a table?
We'll try Efes, could you book me a table for 2 on Thursday at 11:15?  I'll need the reference number also.|You are all set at the Efes on Thursday at 11:15.  Your reference number is NZ89K99X.  Is there anything else I can help you with?
No that is it thank you.|So happy I could help! Enjoy the rest of your day!
Place to stay the night, with free parking and it doesn't need free wifi.|There are many places to stay that offer free parking. Do you prefer a guesthouse or hotel?
I prefer a gueshouse.|The acorn guest house would fit your needs would you like me to make a reservation for you
Can I please have their address and phone number?|Yes, they are at 154 chesterton road and can be reached by phone at 01223353888.  Would you like me to book you?
Great can you tell me the star rating of the hotel as well?|Acorn Guesthouse has a star rating of 4. Would you prefer other options or would you like for me to book you?
No, but can you help me find a restaurant? I think it's called Meghna.|Yes, that is a moderate priced indian restaruant in the west.
That's it!  Can you give me the phone number and area, please?|Meghina's phone number is 01223727410. They are located in the west.
Ahhh.. great, thanks!  That's all I needed!|I'm glad I was able to help you today!  Thank you for contacting Cambridge TownInfo centre.  Enjoy your trip!  Goodbye!
I'd like to get some Latin American food, nothing cheap, but shouldn't be expensive either.|I am very sorry, but I do not see any restaurants in the area that match your criteria.
Is there a restaurant that serves Italian food in the same price range?|We have 5 entries that match your search. Do you have a particular preference further?
What areas of town are those restaurants in?  I'd like addresses and phone numbers please.|Two are in the centre, one in the south, one in the west, and one in the east.
Just hook me up with whichever one you like the most.|How about Prezzo. It's at 21 - 24 Northampton Road. Postcode cb30ad. Phone number 01799521260.
That's great. Thanks! I'm also looking for a train to Broxbourne leaving after 21:30.|I can help with that, what day would you like to travel?
I would like to arrive on tuesday. And I am departing from cambridge.|I show trains departing on Monday after 21:30 or Tuesday after 21:30 all arriving on Tuesday.  Which day would you like to depart?
I would like to depart on Monday.  What will be the arrival time and price of that train?|Train TR9611 will arrive in Broxbourne at 24:01. It will cost 17.90 pounds. Would you like me to book a ticket?
That's ok. Thank you for all of your time today.|You are welcome. Have a beautiful day.
I am looking a restaurant in the Centre Cambridge area that serve gastropub food.|I have 3 in the centre of town,what price range please?
Moderate price range.|The Nil moderately priced restaurant is in the centre and serves gastropub food. Would you like a reservation?
That would be great.  Can you make if for a party of 6 on Tuesday at 15:30?|Yes, I can make the reservation would you like their address?
I can find it, but please give me the reference number for the reservation. Nil is such a creative name for a restaurant!|Yes, it most certainly is. The booking was successful, and they will hold your table for 15 minutes. The booking number is CXFENRLZ. Anything else I can assist you with?
I also need a place to stay, moderately price, centre area, doesn't matter whether or not it has wifi.|I have one result for you. It is cityroomz, a 0 star hotel. Do you want to book this?
Oh yessiree, tuesday 6 people and 5 nights please|I am unable to make a booking for that right now. Is there anything else I can do for you?
Does it have free wifi?|Yes it does actually.
Can you book for 2 nights>|Your room is reserved under ref# XP513560. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
I will also need a taxi to take me to the restaurant and hotel.|When would you like to arrive by.
I want to make sure it arrives the restaurant by the booked time.|I have booked you a car. It's a blue Skoda, and the contact number is 07324436761.
Thanks, that's all I needed today. Goodbye!|Great, I'm glad I could help! Bye!
I want to find a restaurant in any area and serves scottish food.|There are no restaurants serving scottish food.  Would you like to try something else?
Yes, how about modern European food?|Eraina is a great European eatery. What other information can I provide to you?
What is the phone number?|Their phone number is 01223 368786.  May I help you with anything else?
No, thank you.|Thanks, enjoy!
I'm looking for a cheap indian restaurant please.|Sure, there are a number of cheap Indian restaraunts.  What area of town are you looking for?
I'd like someplace in the center of town.|There are three places that match that criteria which are the Kohinoor, The Gandhi, and Mahal of Cambridge. Would you like information about one of those restaurants?
The Gandhi would be perfect. Could you book it for me for tuesday.|Sure, I'd be happy to reserve that for you. How many people are in your party and for what time?
5 at 11:15 on Tuesday.|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.Reference number is : WF5PM422. thank you for inquiring with us
Great. Can you also help me find somewhere to visit in town around that same area?|I found few places you can visit. Do you care if you pay entrance fee ?
It is not really that necessary .|No the fee is not an issue.
Just choose one and tell me the type, address, and postcode|Old schools is an architecture attraction. The address is trinity lane. The postcode is cb21tt. Anything else today?
That is all I needed today. Thank you for your help.|You're welcome and enjoy your visit.
I would like an expensive restaurant that serves turkish food|I'm sorry, we don't have any expensive Turkish restaurants.
how about a moderate one ?|Anatolia and Efes Restaurant are both moderately priced Turkish restaurants, and both are in the centre of town. Would you like an address or phone number for one of them?
yes. address and phone number for Anatolia.|Anatolia is at 30 Bridge Street City Centre, and the phone number is 01223 362372. Can I get you any further information?
What is the postcode?|The postcode is Anatolia is C.B 2, 1 U.J.
Thank you goodbye.|You're welcome. Goodbye.
I need to catch a train in Broxbourne on Wednesday.|What time would you like to leave Broxbourne?
I need to arrive in Cambridge by 17:15 please.|There is a train arriving in Cambridge by 7:32.
Train ID please and thank you|I'd suggest TR5972, it departs at 15:32 arrives by 16:32. It costs 17.90 pounds per ticket.
Thank you I also would like a place to eat in the centre that serves afternoon tea food.|No record match your search, can I try anything else?
How about one that serves international food?|I have the varsity and the bloomsbury restaurants when would you like to book
I would like to book at Varsity for 5 people around 20:45 on the same day I arrive.|No problem!  I have a table booked for you.  Your reference number is KFUNWVWH.  What else can I do for you?
Nothing else for today. Thank you.|Have a good day!
I need a restaurant that is in the expensive price range and that serves Indian food.|Tandoori Palace is on the west side.  Would you like me to book a table?
That would be wonderful, yes please.|Alright. Can you give me more information on your party?
Please give me their address first.|Certainly, they are located at 68 Histon Road Chesterton, would you like me to book you now?
I also will need a train departing from cambridge going to birmingham new street.|What time would you like the train to be for?
I would like a train to leave after 10:30 on Saturday.|We have five trains leaving around that time, do you have a time that you need to arrive by?
No, I am just looking for a train that leaves after 10:30, as close to 10:30 as possible.|Okay, the train you want is the TR5669, which leaves at 11:01.
Could you book that for 3 people please? I'd also like to get the reference number.|Sure, your reservation number is OWUZBV5P. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
No thank you. That was all I needed.|Thank you and enjoy your visit to cambridge. Have a great day.
Please help me find somewhere to eat in the centre|You could try the yippee noodle bar, which is asian oriental, and priced moderately. It is located at 40428 King Street City Centre.
That sounds great. Can I get a postcode? Thanks!|The postcode is cb21rq. Would you like me to make a reservation?
I'm not ready to book yet. Thanks, I will give you a call back. Goodbye.|Alright. Sounds good. I look forward to your call.
I'm looking for a place to stay in Cambridge that has free wifi and free parking.|Alexander bed and breakfast can acommodate your request.
Is it also a guesthouse type of hotel?|Yes, that's correct. Would you like to book a room?
Yes, please book it for 5 nights starting on Wednesday for 2 people total.|I wasn't able to complete your booking for that time frame. Would you be able to stay a different amount of nights?
How about four nights instead of five?|I was able to successfully book you for four nights at the Alexander Bed and Breakfast, and your reference number is HY6O0MQH.
Thank you! Do you have the reviews and address for the J Restaurant near there?|Here is the address for the J restaurant, 86 Regent Street City Centre. I currently do not have reviews of the restaurant avialable.
I would like a reservation for 2 at 12:45 please.|No problem. And what day will that be for?
That will be on Friday for 2 please.|I am sorry, but they do not have an available spot at that time, would you like me to book a reservation for any day or time?
No thank you, I'll try for something else.|Is there a different date or time you'd like me to check for you?
No that is the only date and time I have available. Are you sure you don't have anything for Wednesday at 12:45?|Yes i was able to make your reservation for 2 for Wednesday at 12:45. Your reference number is X3QCMWY3.
Thank you very much. That's all I need today. Goodbye.|Thank you for calling.
What train can I take to get to Cambridge from Leicester?|I can definitely help you with finding a train. It would help to start with which day you would like to travel on.
I need to leave on Friday.|What time would you prefer?
I'd like to leave after 9, and I need one ticket, please.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 37.79 GBP  and it is payable at the station
Could I have the reference number please?|Absolutely, the reference number for your booked space is TCR6N0NV. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I am also looking for moderate priced Asian food.|Are you looking for asian oriental? If so, I have the Yippee Noodle Bar in the centre of town. Would you like more information or a reservation for them?
Yes, that sounds good. Please book a table for 1 at 20:00 on friday.|I have a table reserved for you. Your reference number is 0znem1mc. Can I help you with anything else?
No, that is all. thanks, goodbye.|Have a good day.  Good bye.
Hi, I need a really expensive restaurant.|Well there are quite a few. I see african, asian, and british cuisine. What area will you be in so that I can narrow down the search
Actually, I was confused. I'm really looking for some lodging accommodations. I'd like a 4 star location with free wifi. Something that's expensive, please. Doesn't matter if it has free parking.|Wonderful how about the huntingdon marriott. Rave 4 star accommodations and free wifi & parking
That sounds wonderful, could you please make a reservation.|For how many and for how long?
I don't need a reservation at this time, but I do need the address, postcode, and area for the Huntingdon Marriott, please.|It is located in the west on kingfisher way, hinchinbrook business park. Post code pe296fl.
Great! Can you also help me find a modern european restaurant in the south?|Restaurant Alimentum looks wonderful! It is located at 152 - 154 Hills Road
I want to book a table for one at 14:30 on Friday.|I have a table reserved for you. The reference number is XYKUXP14.
Thanks! Can you also book a taxi for me? I need to make sure I get to the restaurant on time for that reservation!|I have a taxi booked with a contact number of 07582512082 car type yellow bmw. Can I help you with anything else?
That's all I need.|Thank you for contacting Cambridge TownInfo centre.  I hope you have a pleasant trip!  Goodbye!
Which hotels in Cambridge offer free wifi for guests?|There are several.  Is there an area of town you are interested in?
Yes I am interested in the north and a moderate price range.|can you please tell me when and how many will join you ?
I'm not sure at this point.  For now, I just need the address.|How about Lovell Lodge at 365 Milton Road?
do they have free wifi?|Yes, they do offer that.
Ok I would like to book a room.|In order to make the reservations, can you tell me for what day, how many guests and how many nights please?
Yes, thursday through sunday and 6 guests.|I was able to book the room your reference number is U4XH256U. Is there anything else I can help with today?
Okay great. How about a Chinese restaurant in the same price range?|The Yippee Noodle Bar is available, would that be satisfactory for you?
Yes can you book that for 4 people at 14:15 on saturday?|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Reference number is : Q14MS7P4.  Is there anything else?
that is it for today. thanks for helping|You're welcome!  If there's anything else we can help with, don't hesitate to ask.
Where's a good place to eat crossover food in Cambridge?|There are no crossover locations in Cambridge.
How about British restaurants in the Centre instead?|I have 7 in the centre that serve british food. I have 4 in the moderate price range and 3 in the expensive. Did you have a preference?
I would prefer the british food.|I have cotto that serves moderate priced food. Would you like to book a table?
Yes please make a booking for 8 people at 12:30 on friday.|I have made your booking here is the information:Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Reference number is : VVSOH0TQ.
What's a good college to visit near the restaurant?|There are 13 colleges in the centre.  Is there a particular one you are interested in?
Any college will be fine what do you recommend? I need the phone number for whichever you pick.|christi's college is in that area and has free entrance. There phone number is 01223334900. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
That is all I needed.|Thank you for choosing us and enjoy your stay.
Would you be able to suggest a steakhouse restaurant in Cambridge?|There are currently zero Steakhouses listed for this area. Would you like for me to look elsewhere?
Is there any European moderate restaurants?|There are 5 moderately priced European restaurants. Would you like to specify a preferred area?
No preference in area. Would you be able to recommend one?|Do you have an area preference? If not, I could recommend Restaurant Alimentum. It is moderately priced, popular and in the south.
That's fine. Book me a table for 2 on thursday at 16:30, if that doesn't work try 15:30. I need a reference number.|I was able to book a table for two at 15:30, your reference number is 8ZM15RZ8.  Can I assist you with anything else?
Yes could you also help me find a nightclub to visit in the city center?|There are 5 nightclubs located in the centre. I recommend the Ballare, which has a 5 pound entrance fee.
Awesome... what is the postcode for the Ballare?|The postcode for Ballare is cb23na. How else may I assist you today?
that is all thanks|You're welcome! If you need anything else, feel free to ask.
Can you give me information about local parks I can visit while I am in Cambridge?|May I suggest the Cambridge University Botanic Gardens?
What part of town is that in? I'd like to stick to the east side, if possible.|No, it's not.  But we do have a terrific park in the east side.  It's the Cherry Hinton Water Play Park.  Would you like the address?
Yes, along with the postcode and entrance fee please.|Postcode is cb 18dw and admission is free
I am looking for a moderately priced restaurant that is in the east part of town.|Curry prince is a moderately priced restaurant serving indian food and located in the east part of town.
Can you give me the address and phone number?|Their address is 451 newmarket road fen ditton and their phone number is 01223 566388
Wonderful. Thank you for your help.|Thank you for using our system!  Have a great day!
I am traveling to Cambridge and am looking for the restaurant called Da Vinci Pizzeria.|I have found that restaurant for you, would you like the address?
Yes, can I get the address and phone number please?|The phone number is 01223351707 and the address is 20 Milton Road Chesterton
thanks! I also need a train that should leave after 17:45 on sunday|Sure thing where will you be traveling from and to?
I am in Peterborough and I need to go to Cambridge|I have train TR1809 leaving at 19:48 and arriving at 20:38. Would that suit your schedule?
Yes, thank you, I just need the price.|The price for one ticket would be 13.20 pounds.
That's all I need.|It was a pleasure to help you. Have a nice night. Goodbye.
i want to find an international restaurant|Okay! I have found 3. One is in the East part of town, and one is in the Centre. What part of town would you like to dine in?
What is the price range of the one in the east?|The price range for the east restaurant is cheap. Would you like to book a table?
Yes, I'd like a table for 5 at 16:45 on Friday please.|Great! Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Reference number is : W9RRJVPX. Is there anything else you need?
I need to find a room too.|What area would you like me to look for hotels at?
Doesn't matter so much, as long as it has 4 stars & is cheap. I would also like parking and wifi.|The allenbell hotel is available in the east part of town. would you like me to book it for you?
no all i need is the phone number|You can reach them at the number 01223210353. Anything else I can do for you?
That's all I need for now.  Thanks!|You're welcome!  Enjoy your stay in Cambridge!
Hey, are there any interesting colleges in the city centre?|There are 13 colleges in the city centre. Do you need more information?
Could you give me the postcode and phone number of two of them that are popular tourist destinations?|Hughes Hall--postcode cb12ew. Their phone number is 01223334898. Saint Catharine's College--postcode cb21rl. Their phone number is 01223338300. Is there anything else I can help with?
Yes, are there any British places to eat at in the same area?|Yes, there are 7 of them. How about restaurant one seven?
That sounds good, is it in the moderate price range?|Yes it is in the moderate price range.  Would you like to book a table now?
no, just give me the phone number|The cotto phone number is 01223302010.
That was all I needed. Thank you.|most welcome and have a great day
i really have to go. goodbye.|goodbye and thanks
Is there a cheap restaurant in the north part of town?|May I suggest Royal Spice, a cheap Indian restaurant in the north?
Is there anything else?|Da Vinci Pizzeria is a cheap italian restraunt in the north area of town.
What is the address and phone number?|Da Vinci Pizzeria is at 20 Milton Road Chesterton, and their phone number is 01223 351707.
Thank you goodbye.|Thank you and goodbye!
I'm looking for a moderately-priced place to eat.|Excellent, we have over 31 possible choices. Do you have a location or cuisine preference?
I am looking for a restaurant in the moderate price range in the centre of town.|I have 21 restaurants that fit that requirement. What type of food are you looking for? Or would you like my recommendation?
Can you give me your recommendation please.|Restaurant One Seven serves British cuisine. Would you like me to book this for you?
Sure.  Can you book it for 2 people on Saturday at 11:30?|No, I'm sorry. I can't book that. Would you like to try another resturant?
Okay, how about another place in the same area and price range?|Yippee noodle bar was able to be booked, the reference number is 0Y6K4AF7.
Thanks so much.  That will be all I need today.  Have a nice day. Bye.|You are very welcome. Thank you for contact Cambridge TownInfo centre.  Good Bye.
Hello, I'd like to dine at a cheap restaurant in the centre. What do you suggest?|There are several what kind of food do you want?
How about Chinese food?|Try dojo noodle bar located at 40210 Millers Yard City Centre
Thank you. I am also looking to book a train which leaves on Sunday after 21:15.|I can definitely help with that. Where will you be traveling from/to?
I'll be going to broxbourne from cambridge.|The TR3697 leaves at 22:01 and arrives by 23:01. Would you like me to book this train?
Yes can you book that for 6 people and give me the reference number?|Booking was successful, the total fee is 85.92 GBP payable at the station. Reference number is : S9DHM1KG. Can I help with anything else today?
Great that was all I needed today, thank you for your help|You are welcome. Have a lovely day.
I am looking for a restaurant that serves chinese food in the moderate price range.|I have found 4 restaurants that serve Chinese food. Which area would you be looking to dine in?
The centre.|I found the jinling noodle bar. would you like me to book?
Yes, please book a table for 7 people at 16:00 on tuesday.|I am sorry they don't have an open table at that time. I can book a table at lan hong house.
Is that in the same area and price range. I really want to make sure.|Yes It is in the same price range and area and your reservation number is G43TC012.
Thanks so much|You're welcome. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No that is everything I needed today.|Thank you for using our service today.
I am looking for a hotel in the Cambridge area called the limehouse.|The Limehouse is a moderately priced guesthouse on the north side of Cambridge. They are a 4-star establishment and offer free parking and Internet. Would you like to make a reservation?
Yes. Book for 2 people for 4 nights on thursday and I'll need the reference number too please|Your booking was successful. Your reference number is Q5BKFIC3
Thank you. Can you find us some good eats, too? We'd like something moderately priced that serves South African cuisine.|I was unable to find anything matching that. Would you like to try again?
How about African food in general?|We have one restaurant, the Bedouin. Would you like me to make you a reservation?
yes please.|I would be happy to book a reservation for 2.  What day are you looking at and time?
2 people for Thursday at 19:00 please|I have your table for 2 booked at the Bedouin.  Would you like anything else?
I need the reference number too please.|The reference number is 0LG9G1BT. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Thank you that is all I need.|Okay, great! Enjoy your day.
I want to find a place called Shiraz Restaurant please.|I have found Shiraz Restaurant located at 84 Regent Street City Centre, would you like me to book you a table?
No thanks, I just need the postcode.|Sure, the postcode is cb21dp.  Is there anything else I can help you with today?
I am also looking for a train from birmingham new street to Cambridge.|No problem. For what day?
Monday, and I need for it to arrive by 21:15.|TR3130 will arrive by 20:23 if that works for you?
Can you give me the departure time, travel time and the price?|TR3130 leaves Birmingham New Street at 17:40 and it arrives in Cambridge at 20:23.  The price is 75.10.  The travel time is 163 minutes.
Great, thanks. I think that's all I needed. Have a good day. Thanks.|Okay. Glad I could be of help.
Thank you.|Thank you for contacting Cambridge TownInfo centre.  I hope you have a pleasant trip!  Goodbye!
I'm looking for a train to Cambridge.|There are several trains leaving for Cambridge. The next one leaves at 5:17, would you like for me to book a ticket?
I need it to leave from birmingham new street.|What day will you be traveling?
On a wednesday|What time would you like to leave and arrive?
I would like to arrive by 13:15.|There is a 9:40 that would arrive by 12:23.  How does that sound?
sounds great. please book it for 8 peoople.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 600.79 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : HL9K5T9V. Anything else I can help with?
Thanks so much! Can you also help me find a restaurant in the centre that's mid-priced?|There are 21 restaurants that fit that criteria. Is there a specific type of food you want to eat?
Yes please - I'm craving British food.|I recommend Cotto, they're found on
You seem to have cut off? Anyway, can you book a table on Wednesday? It'll be 8 of us and we'll be coming in at 18:15.|Your reservation for cotto is all set! Your reference number is DXADBU6Q. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Thank you that's all I needed today. Good bye.|Your welcome, I am glad I was able to help.
I was hoping to find a college to visit while in cambridge.|Sure, what area of town are you looking to visit?
Definitely the west. I'll need a phone number, address and postcode, please?|Certainly. Queen's College is located on Silver Street, postcode cb39et. That phone number is 01223335511.
I am also hungry|I can help you with finding a restaurant. Do you have particular one in mind?
Yes, I'd like to try some Polynesian food.|I'm sorry there are no polynesian restaurants. Would you like a different type of food?
Can you try an indian place instead? And something in the west.|There are six restaurants. would you like rice boat	?
Is it moderately priced?|They are mostly expensive and there is one that is moderately priced.
Can you book the moderate priced one for 4 people at 12:45 on monday?|I have booked you a table at Meghna for Monday at 12:45 for 4 people. Your reference number is B2RNYUEG.
Great that was all I needed today.|Happy to be of service, and thanks for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre today!
Yes I need a cheap restaurant in the Cambridge area on the north side of town. What do you suggest?|thank you I will go to royal spice.
Okay can you book me a table for Saturday at 19:45 for 3 people? I would also like the reference number for the booking.|I have successfully booked your reservation. Your reference number is 7XYDZ38V. Can I help you with anything else?
Yes, I also need a place to stay. I would prefer at least 4 stars and free parking.|We have 19 entries that match your search. Do you have any further preferences?
I would like the place to have the same price range as the restaurant, so cheap.|The worth house is a hotel that is also on the north side of town and it is cheap. Would you like to book a room there?
I would prefer one that has free parking and a star rating of 4.|The worth house does meet your stated criteria.
Okay, could you also tell me the area of the hotel?|Absolutely, the Worth House is located in the North Area.  Would you like a reservation?
Yes, that's perfect. Thank you for all of your help!|What day would you like the reservation for?
Saturday at 19:45|For how many people and how many nights would you like that hotel reservation?
Actually, I will go ahead and make a reservation for a later time. But, thank you for all the info. I think that is all I needed.|If there is nothing else, have a good day.
I'm looking for a cinema in the south part of town.|Sure, I have located cineworld cinema which is located at cambridge leisure park, clifton way in the south part of town.
Thank you, can I also have the postcode and phone number?|Their phone number is 00872208000 and postcode is cb17dy. Can I assist you with anything else?
Yes. I need a restaurant by the name of anatolia.|Anatolia is located at 30 Bridge Street City Centre and phone number is 01223362372. Can I book you a table?
Yes for 8 people at 14:15 on a Saturday. I will need a reference number.|The booking was unsuccessful unfortunately.
Are you sure? Could you possibly try again, just to make sure?|Yes, the booking was unsuccessful. Would you like to try another day or time slot?
No, I wanted to reserve on Saturday at 14:15 for 8 people at the Anatolia.  Can you make sure there wasn't an error?|I am very sorry for the confusion. I have confirmed your reservation at anatolia, your reference number is W2SFW7OR.  Is there anything else I can help with?
Yes, I need a taxi to pick us up at cineworld and get us to Anatolia by 14:15.  Can you send me the contact number and car type?|OK, I have a grey toyota picking you up. The contact number is 07221782589. Is there anything else I can do for you today?
That's all I need today. You've been a great help - thanks!|Have a great day!
Where in the east can I find a restaurant that serves venetian food?|I'm sorry there are no results for a venetian restaurant in the east, would you like to try a different area?
I prefer the east but I am open to other areas of town.|Do you want me to look at the center of the town?
Yes see if there are any venetian restaurants there|No there are not. Want to try a different restaurant type?
How about indian food?|I have 9 restaurants in the cetre that are Indian. Do you have a price range?
I would like expensive.|There are five expensive indian places in the centre but i recommend panahar, would you like more info or a booking?
I'm sorry to trouble you but is there an expensive Indian restaurant in the east? It would be more convenient.|There are five, would you like me to book you one?
Yes, book one of the expensive Indian places in the east please.|Which day would you like to dine?
I would like to go on Monday at 18:00 please.|I would love to help! how many people?
It will be a party of 6.|None of the restaurants were available for that time. Would you like me to try a different time?
Yes. Please try 17:00.|THANKS VERY MUCH
Thank you also. Could I receive the reference number for the reservation, please?|I've booked you a table at pipasha restaurant. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Your Reference number is MIRO0QRD. Anything else I can help with?
No, thanks. That's everything.|You're welcome. Please let us know if there's anything else we can help you with.
I want an expensive restaurant and serves danish food.|I found no restaurants serving Danish food in the expensive price range.
asian oriental|Kymmoy is an Asian Oriental restaurant located in the centre of town and is in the expensive price range.  Would you like their address?
What is the phone number and area?|The phone number for kymmoy is 01223 311911 and they are located in the centre of town.
Thank you!  Goodbye!|You're very welcome. Thanks for calling us. Goodbye.
I am looking for the price range and address of the Meze Bar Restaurant|They are in the expensive price range, and their address is 196 Mill Road City Centre. Can I help you with anything else?
No that is all the info I needed. Thanks.|Alright, you're quite welcome! Enjoy your time in town!
I would like an expensive restaurant in the east part of town|What type of food are you looking for?
I don't care|grafton hotel restaurant is a nice restaurant that serves british food and is in the east part of town
can i have their address and post code please|sure, their address is Grafton Hotel 619 Newmarket Road Fen Ditton, C.B 5, 8 P.A
thank you for the help, good bye|you're welcome, enjoy!
Hi, I am looking for places in west Cambridge that feature architecture.|I am sorry, I am unable to locate an attraction in your desired location?
How about a college then?|There are 5 college's in the west area. There is Churchill, Clare, Clare Hall, Magdalene and Queens. Would you like me to book one today?
Can you give me the phone number for Churchill?|Certainly, churchill college the phone number is 01223336233. What else can I do for you today?
I am also looking for information about a restaurant called ugly duckling.|Of course! Ugly Duckling is an expensive Chinese restaurant in town center. Would you like a booking there?
Can you tell me what kind of food the Ugly Duckling offers and where it is located? I also need their phone number. Thank you.|The Ugly Duckling offers Chinese food. The address is 12 St. Johns Street City Centre. Their phone number is unavailable.
Thank you for all your help today.|Is there anything else that I can assist you with today?
No, that would be all. Thank you. Have a good day.|Thank you. Enjoy your stay.
I'm looking for a restaurant that serves americas food.|Unfortunately, I cannot find an American restaurant.
Is there a moderate priced restaurant in the east?|Yes, I have 3 moderately priced Indian restaurants.
Yes, that is the type of food I am craving.  Which one would you recommend?|curry prince is definitely my favorite, they have great vegan options!
Sounds perfect. Are you able to book a table for us? I need a table for 5 at 13:15 this saturday.|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Your reference number is 94VI10CX. Will that be all for today?
No, I'll also need to find a place to stay with a 4 star rating please.|There are 21 lodgings in town with a 4 star rating. Do you have a preference for area, type, pricerange, internet or parking availability?
I'd like a guesthouse and somewhere that is moderate in price.|There are 11 choices for you. Do you have an area preference?
Do they all have free wifi?|Some do and some don't. Are you looking for free internet?
Yes, I would like to have internet.|Do you need parking?
That's not as important as the internet.|Got it, I found A and B guest house located in the East and not to far from the restaurant. Will this work?
I just need to know if they have wifi. If they do I'll need the area and postcode.|a and b guest house does have internet. They are located in the east with postcode cb12dp.
Thanks for all your help today!|Did you need anything further today?
Nope, that's all I needed. Goodbye!|Happy to be of service, and I hope you enjoy your stay!
I am looking for an expensive restaurant.|What kind of food are you interested in?
French food.|There are expensive French restaurants in the centre and north areas of town. Do you have a preference for location?
I don't care.|How about Cote, which is in the expensive price range and serves French food?
I really have no desire for Cote. Are there other restaurants available?|You could also try Restaurant Two Two.
Ok I will try this one. I would like the address and phone number please.|restaurant two two address is 22 Chesterton Road Chesterton and the phone is 01223351880 is there anything else I can help you with?
No, thank you.|thank you. good bye
Is there any expensive restaurants in town serving Australian food?|I'm sorry, there are no Australian restaurants.  Would you like another type of food?
How about asian oriental food?|Kymmoy is an expensive asian oriental restraunt in town.
What is the phone number and area?|Kymmoy is in the centre of town and the phone number is 01223 311911. May I help you with anything else?
Thank you, I have all I need.  Goodbye!|You're welcome. Thanks for your call! Goodbye.
I'm looking for an Australian place to dine in. I need it to be cheap.|I'm sorry, there aren't any cheap Australian restaurants in town. Would you like me to look for a different restaurant type?
Are there any that have Asian Oriental food?|There is a very nice and cheap Asian restaurant called Wise Buddha. Here is the address and phone number.
Could you book me a table for 4 on Friday at 14:00?|There was no Wise Buddha restaurant, sorry.  I booked a table for 4 at J Restaurant.  Reference number is WPA3IY8C.  I think you'll like it.  Anything else?
No, that should do it. Thanks for the help!|Glad to be of assistance. Have a great day! Bye.
I want a restaurant serving mediterranean food and I don't care about the price range.|I have found 3, la mimosa, the gardenia, and shiraz restaurant
None of those really interest me do you have anything else?|Shiraz Restaurant is an expensive restaurant serving mediterranean food and is the city centre.
Okay, what is the address and phone number of Shiraz please?|shiraz restaurant is located at 84 Regent Street City Centre and its phone number is 01223 307581. Is there anything else I can help you with?
no, thank you|you're welcome
Hi, I'm looking for an expensive restaurant serving English food.|No restaurant matching your description have been found.
How about find me a turkish one ?|There is one expensive Turkish restaurant in town: Meze Bar Restaurant.
Great! Where is it located?|It's in the centre of town, the address is 196 Mill Road City Centre.
Thank you, goodbye.|Goodbye.
Can you tell me what colleges are open to tourists on the west side of town?|Sure, there is churchill, clare, clare hall, magdalene, and queens' college.
Ok, can I get a phone number for the Magdalene?|phone number is 01223332138
I'm also looking for a Thai restaurant.|What area are you looking for and what price range?
The restaurant should be in the same area as the attraction and in the the expensive price range|Sala Thong fits the bill. Would you like their information?
Yes please.  I'd like the address with postcode, and a phone number.|Sure the address is 35 Newnham Road Newnham,phone number 01223323178 and post code cb39ey.
Okay, that's all that I need. Goodbye.|Have a great day! Goodbye
I am looking for a train leaving from broxbourne and going to cambridge.|Sure, when will you be traveling?
It will be on Saturday.|Do you have a particular time you would like to leave?
We would need the train to leave after 12:00.|There is a train that leaves at 12:32.
That will be fine I need the train ID and price please.|Sure the train ID is TR7768 and the cost of the journey is 14.32 pounds.
I also need a place to dine in the centre that serves seafood.|The Loch Fyne is the only available restaurant in the centre that fits your criteria but it is an expensive place to dine, will that be alright?
I would like to book a table for 2 at 17:45 on Saturday.  What is the reference number please?|I was able to book it, reference number is A1ZSFEZ5.
Thank you. I appreciate the assistance.|Is there anything else I can do ?
That will be all! Thank you!|Have a fantastic day, goodbye!
I need to take a train from cambridge to peterborough.|There are hundreds of options, I can narrow it down if you have a day, arrival time or departure time.
I want to leave on Sunday and arrive at 16:00|I have plenty of options for you. Would you like to leave first thing in the morning or in the afternoon?
Earlier is better, since I need to be there by 16:00.|TR3577 will arrive at 15:24 would that work for you?
Yes, how long is the travel and what is the price?|The train ride is 50 minutes and will cost 13.20 pounds.  Would you like me to book that for you?
Not just yet. What time does that train leave Cambridge?|That train leaves Cambridge at 14:34.
Thank you, I appreciate it. I also need some help finding an African restaurant.|There is a great African restaurant called Bedouin located in the Centre.  Price range is considered expensive but you get a great experience.  Would you like me to make reservations for you?
That would be great, thank you.|For how many people do you need your reservation for?
Actually I really do prefer something in the cheap price range. If there is no African restaurants, how about something Italian?|I recommend Ask. It is in the Center and is in the cheap price range. Can I get you a reservation there?
Actually, can you give me the postcode and phone number?  No booking necessary.|Phone is 01223364917, post code cb21uf. Anything else you need?
No, that took care of all my needs. Thanks. Have a good one. Bye.|You're welcome. You as well. Bye!
I am looking for a 3 star hotel with free parking in Cambridge.|I found a handful of locations that might suit your interests. Would you care to check out the Gonville Hotel? It has everything you are looking for in accommodations.
Does the Gonville Hotel have guesthouse accommodations?|I believe so, yes.
Can you book this hotel?|Absolutely. On what day, for how many people and how long is your stay?
I would like to book for four people for three nights beginning on Tuesday.|Before I book this hotel I just want to inform you that I have confirmed that it is not a guesthouse but a hotel. Would you still like me to book?
Yes please book it for four people in 3 nights starting on Tuesday|Unfortunately it can not be booked for 3 days. Did you want to get information about a different hotel instead?
No how about two nights?|I want able to book your room at the Gonville Hotel for you for the two nights. Your reference number for this is KYXT8TUS.
Thank you. I am also looking for a particular restaurant, it is called Charlie Chan. Can you provide me its address?|Certainly! The address for the Charlie Chan is Regent Street City Centre. Would you like me to book a reservation?
No, thank you. That's all I needed today.|Thanks for contacting Cambridge TownInfo centre. Let us know if you need anything else and have a great day!
I am looking for some info on India House|India House is a restaurant located at 31 Newnham Road Newnham on the west side of town.  Is this the place you are referring to?
That sounds right. Could you reserve a table for 6 at 18:00 on Friday?|I apologize but the booking was unsuccessful. Can we try another day or time?
Can you try for 17:00 instead?|Booking was successful for that time! Your table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Here is your reference number:  6BCI3XF8.
Great! Thanks for your help, that's all I need.|Great! Have a wonderful day!
I'm looking for a cheap restaurant in the center of the town.|We have lots of cheap places in the center of town, but I recommend The River Bar Steakhouse and Grill.
want to book a table for 5 people at 12:00 on sunday and a confirm number place|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Reference number: P5U2XRZD.
I also need a place to stay|I can help with that. Do you have a preference for price range and area of town? Hotel or Guesthouse?
I would like the guesthouse to be the same price range as the restaurant. I need it to include free wifi.|el shaddai fits your requirement. Its located at 41 warkworth street they have free parking and wifi. Phone 01223327978. Would you like me to book for you?
Yes. I want a reservation for 4 nights starting Sunday.|Do you want reservations for 5 people, the same as the restaurant?
Yes that would be great. Also i;ll need the reference number.|Your booking was successful. Your reference number is UVCHN707.
Thank you very much!  Goodbye!|You are quite welcome! Bye, have fun!
Are there any Lebanese restaurants in the city?|ali baba is a nice lebanese place in the centre.
Can I have the phone number please.|Their phone number is 01462 432565.  Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Thank you, goodbye.|thank you goodbye
Can you recommend a guesthouse to stay in in the centre of town?|There is the alexander bed and breakfast and el shaddai. Would you like to book one of them?
I want one that's 0 stars.|I only have one place with a 0 star rating. The El Shaddai. Would you like me to book it?
That sounds good. Please go ahead.|I would be happy to make that booking. Are you traveling alone, and for how many days would you like the reservation?
I would like the reservation for 5 nights.|How many people?
One person starting Wednesday. Need the reference number and also looking for a Cuban restaurant in the expensive price range.|Your booking was successful. The reference number for your stay is 26KK8TWA. What area will the Cuban restaurant be in?
In the Centre please.|I'm sorry, there are no restaurants that match your requirements.  Do you have other suggestions?
ok thankyou, will figure out what to do|Can I help you with anything else ?
I am looking for an expensive restaurant that is in the east part of town.|The grafton hotel restaurant serves british food in the east part of town and is in the expensive price range.
No, not that one. I'd like to know if there's anything else please.|I would recommend pipasha restaurant, a nice indian restaurant in the east.
I would like to know the address and phone number of pipasha restaurant and the type of food they serve|The address is at Newmarket Road Fen Ditton and the phone number is 01223 577786. The restaurant serves indian food.
Thanks for the info!|You're very welcome.
I am looking for a restaurant in the centre of town|What type of food and price range are you interested in?
I don't have a preference for food but I would like it to be in the expensive price range.|How about Little Seoul, a Korean restaurant that's located at 108 Regent Street City Centre. Do you need any more information? Or would you like to make a reservation?
Sounds good, can you please send the postcode.  Also I need a train leaving on Sunday to Cambridge.|Yes their postcode is cb21dp. Where will you be leaving from and at what time?
I will be leaving from ely at 5:15.|The closest I can get you to that time frame is a train that leaves from Ely at 13:35.
Actually, I need a train leaving from leicester after 5:30.|How about train TR9382 leaving at 5:35 and arriving at 5:52?
i misspoke i need it to leave after 15:30|Okay the TR9823 leaves at 15:35.
How much is the train fare?|The train fare from Leicester to Cambridge on Sunday is 30.24 pounds. Do you need more information?
Yes, what is the total travel time?|The travel time is 105 minutes.
Ok, thank you, that is all the info I need right now.|You're welcome, have a great day.
Hello, I am looking for a place to dine. I'd prefer it to be moderately priced and serve Indian food.|We have 4 moderately priced Indian restaurants - 2 in the east, 1 in the north, and one in the west.  Which area are you interested in?
I'd like to look at the one in the west, please.|That place goes by the name of meghna, the address is 205 Victoria Road Chesterton, they can be reached at 01223727410, would you like me too book you?
Can I please have their postcode?|Their postcode is cb43lf. Would you like a reservation?
No thanks. I don't need a reservation yet. I am also looking to find a great place to do some boating.|I have several options to choose from. Is there a particular area you want to go boating?
No, where would you suggest?|How about Camboats in the East? Their address is the plough, green end, fen ditton.
That sounds good. Can I get the postcode please?|The postcode is cb43lf, anything else?
No, that's it for now.|It was a pleasure serving you today. Have a wonderful stay!
I'm looking for a place to dine in the moderate price range in the centre, please.|Yes I have Asian, British, International, European and Italian to name a few. Any preferences?
I would prefer Lebanese food.|There is Ali baba restaurant in the centre in modest price range. Would you like me to book a table for you?
yes for 3 people at 13:45 on wednesday and a reference number bplease|I was able to book you for 3 people on Wednesday at 13:45.  Your reference number is X1ZSIHLS.  Can I help you with anything else?
I also need as train going to leicester.|Ok, great. What day will you be traveling?
I'll be leaving on Thursday|There are trains going to Leicester at 21 minutes past the hour, every hour, starting at 05:21. What time would you like to travel?
I'd like one that leaves after 10:45|TR5908 leaves Cambridge at 11:21 and arrives in Leicester at 13:06. Will that work for you?
Thanks so much you have been great! Gold stars for you!|Thank you for using our system today.
I'm looking for a restaurant in the north that serves basque food, please.|I'm sorry, but there are no restaurants that meet your criteria. In fact, there are no basque restaurants in all of cambridge. Would you like to broaden your search?
No, that's okay.  Thanks for looking!|Thank you for contacting us.  Please ask again if you need more information.  Goodbye!
Now hold on just a minute. I'm still hungry. How about a Chinese restaurant instead?|Yes, there are 17 Chinese restaurants. Do you have a desired price range?
Moderate price range please.|Golden Wok is moderately priced in the north area.  Would you like to book a table here?
No but I am looking for a train fro Friday, leaving after 20:15.|OK, There are several trains leaving after 20:15. Where would you like to depart from and where is your destination?
The departure is from Cambridge and the destination is London Kings Cross, what was the postcode, phone number and address of the Golden Wok?|TR9876 leaves at 23:00. Would you like me to book it for you?
Yes, there will need to be a booking for 7 people for this train and I will need the reference number. Also, I need info on that restaurant.|Your train tickets have been booked and the reference number is 5SZK6BNU. The Golden Wok phone number is 01223350688 and is located at 191 Histon Road Chesterton, CB23PP
Actually, I think I also want to get the postcode, address, and phone number for the Golden Wok please.|Postcode: cb43nl, Address: 191 Histon Road Chesterton, Phone: 01223350688. Can I help you with anything else?
Thank you. for your time.|You're welcome. Are you certain you don't need further assistance?
No thank you, that is everything I need. I appreciate it very much.|Thank you for letting me help you.  Enjoy your dinner.  Next time you need reservations we'll be here to help you.
I'm looking for something interesting to do.|Is there an attraction type you prefer?
Any attraction is fine as long as it's in the centre of town.|There is the Parkside Pools located at Gonville Place. Is there anything else I can do for you?
Yes i am also looking for a restaurant in the same area that is moderately priced.|There is asian, british, chinese, European, International, Italian, lebanese, modern European, Spanish, and Turkish.  Do you have a preference?
I would like something in the moderate price range. I will be requiring their address.|I see 21 restaurants in the centre which are moderately priced. Do you have any particular cuisine in mind so we can narrow it down for you a bit?
no particular cuisine I will need a taxi to commute need to leave by 24:15 and need number and car type please.|How about Yippee Noodle Bar?
The Yippee Noodle Bar sounds great. Do you have their address?|The address is 4048 King Street, City centre post code cbh11lh. Would you like me to do anything else?
I also want to book a taxi from Parkside Pools to the bar. I want to leave around 24:15.|youre being picked up in a grey honda the contact number is 07063498062
Great thank you, that's all I will need.|You are welcome, I am happy to help.  Have a great day.  Bye.
I want to find a German restaurant please that's in the cheap price range.|Unfortunately, there are no German restaurants in the price range you requested. Would you like a different restaurant?
Perhaps there is one that serves Indian food. Indian food is also good.|Can I recommend Kohinoor? They serve budget friendly Indian food in the centre of town.
The Kohinoor sounds good. Could you book a table for 2 for me?|I'd be happy to reserve your table. What time would you like to dine?
It's for around 12:45 on Wednesday. And that was for 2 people please. Can I get the reference number then too please?|I was able to book a table for you at 12:45. The reference number is 0CUR7IQX.
I'm also looking for a train that leaves after 15:15 that arrives at Birmingham New Street.|Please book trainid TR8952 leaving cambridge at 16:01.
Thanks, could you book 2 tickets and let me know the reference number please?|Booked! Reference number is FGBPBWP1. Total fee is 150.19 GBP, paid at the station. Anything else?
That's everything. Thank you very much!|You are very welcome. Enjoy your day.
I want to dine in a place in the west.|There are many restaurant options available to you. What type of food would you like to eat and what is your price range?
I would like a restaurant that serves eritrean food and in the expensive price range.|Would you like European food?
No.  I said eritrean food.  Do yo have something?|I don't have anything that meets those requirements.
How about British food?|Yes I have three. When would you like the table reserved for and for how many?
Is one of those expensive? If so, book me a table there for Thursday for 8 people at 13:30 please.|There's actually two expensive places, graffiti and travellers rest. Which would you prefer?
Travellers Rest sounds good.|ok the address is huntingdon road in city centre, the phone # is 01223276182, and the postcode is cb30df.  will there be anything else ?
I am also looking for a train from Cambridge on Wednesday.|what is your destination?
Before I continue with the train details, was Travellers Rest booked? I didn't get a reference number.|My sincerest apologies for that. Yes, your booking is completed and the reference number is 64UQ7M3G
That is all I needed thank you.|You're very welcome! Have a great day! Bye!
Hello, I am looking for an Indonesian restaurant. Can you help me with that?|I'm so sorry, but I don't see any Indonesian restaurants. Will another cuisine do?
Oh really? Indonesian is the only cuisine I will consider.|My apologies, but there truly aren't any indonesian restaurants listed in all of Cambridge. Would you consider one that serves oriental or indian food?
how about one that serves italian food?|there are 22 of them. what is your price range?
It should be in the cheap price range and in the centre of town.|I have three to choose from. Would you like me to suggest something?
Yes, please. Which would you consider to be the most authentic?|pizza hut city centre is nice
I will try that.|Can I help you with anything else?
Yes, can you get me a table for 3 at the pizza hut?|Sure!  For what day, time and how many do you need it for?
I will be there on thursday at 5 pm. 6 people please.|Ok.  I was able to get you a table for 17:00.  Your reference number is N5G8UXRG.
I'm also looking for a train. The train should depart from cambridge and should arrive by 08:00.|what is your destination and which day could you like to travel?
I want to go to Stevenage, on Sunday.|The train leaves at 5:00.
Can you make a booking and give me its reference number?|Actually, it's at 5:21. If you still want to take that train, how many tickets would you like for me to book for you?
Yes, 3 tickets please.|Wonderful! I have booked 3 tickets for train TR5390 to stevenage on Sunday and your reference number is QKQURGH5. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Thank you, that will be all I need today.|Okay, great! Have a lovely visit!
I'm looking for a family friendly restaurant that is reasonably price and located in the center of town near attractions, hotels and easy access to transportation such as buses and taxis.|Ok, to be clear, which price range do you prefer-- cheap, moderate or expensive?
I am looking for a moderately priced restaurant|Do you prefer a specific type of food?
I prefer Chinese food|great, i have three options for you to choose from!
Oh, I have no idea.  Can you just reserve tell me your favorite one?  I'll need a postcode for it.|Jinling noodle bar, postcode cb23pp. Is there any more info I can give you?
I would like to visit a college in the same area as the noodle bar, can you find me one?|There are 13 colleges in the centre of town. Most are free, but some do charge an entrance fee. Any preference?
How about choosing a famous one and give me the address, postcode and entrance fee.|corpus christi is popular this time of year. The address is at king's parade. The post code cb21rh and the entree fee is 2 pounds.
Great, thanks! Also, will you please book me a taxi from the attraction to the restaurant, leaving the attraction at 05:45?|I was able to book a taxi it will be a red volvo and the contact number is 07754509492. Is there anything else I can help with?
No, that's it. Thank you very much.|thanks for using our services
Thanks again.  That was all I needed.|You are welcome. Thank you for using Cambridge TownInfo centre. Goodbye.
I would like to get a hotel room that is in the north and is priced moderate.|There are 9 guesthouses and 2 hotels to choose from. Which type of lodging do you prefer?
It doesn't matter, but I do need it to have free Internet.|The acorn guest house is located in the north and is moderately priced and has internet access. Would you like me to book it for you?
Yes please. Book it for 8 people for 5 nights starting from monday.|I'm sorry, that booking wasn't available. Could you perhaps stay a shorter time period?
Ok, let's try it for 8 people for two nights starting from Monday.|Your reservation was successful. Your reference number is OOU8KLRA. Is there anything else I can help you with?
We would like to eat near the hotel, something austrian!|There are no Austrian restaurants in the north area, can I try something else?
Darn, okay, how about Italian instead?|The Da Vinci Pizzeria is located in that area.  Would you like me to make a reservation?
Yes please. Can I make the reservation for Monday at 19:00 for 8 people?|Your table for 8 has been reserved, and they'll hold it for you for 15 minutes. Reference number is MUCNCVPD. Need further assistance?
What kind of car is reserved?|I can book a car for you if you'd like. Would you like to arrive at the restaurant the same time as your reservation?
Yes. Please let me know the contact number and car type for the taxi.|Your taxi will be a yellow toyota. The contact number is 07923389673.
.
thank you that will be all all|Thank you, Have a great day.
I would like to find an expensive hotel to stay in during my visit.|I can help with that. What area will you be staying in?
The area does not matter. But will for sure want it to be an actual hotel.|I have the in the Huntington Marriott hotel city center that is rated 4 stars and include free parking and free wifi. Would you like me to check availabiltiy?
Yes, please book it if possible.|What day would you like to leave
I don't want to leave. I want to stay for 3 nights starting on Tuesday. There will be 6 of us.|And you never have to leave if you don't want to. I have booked a reservation at Huntingdon Marriott Hotel and the reference number is EQNKY1ZC. Anything else?
Yes, are there any moderately priced northern european restaurant, if no northern european, modern european will do.|There are 3 restaurants matching your query. Do you prefer the south or the centre?
I would like the restaurant in the same area, Cambridge, please.|And would you prefer the south of Cambridge or the centre of Cambridge?
I'm not picky with the area. I just want it to be moderately priced.|I'm sorry, there are no moderately priced hotels in this area. Would you like to try another?
I was looking for a restaurant.  I already have a hotel reservation|There are a couple in the centre area and one in the south area. Do you have a preference?
I would like one that serves northern european food, if possible.|We have quite a few choices for you today, how about de luca cucina and bar, you can a few drinks while your there!
Thats sounds great. can i get the area and address ?|The area is the centre. The address is 83 Regent Street. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I'll need a taxi that leaves the restaurant by 22:00.|Will you be going back to the hotel or somewhere else?
The hotel I guess.|Great. I was able to book your car with no issues. They will be driving a black Tesla and you will be able to contact them at 07224648595.
Great I believe that covers everything. Goodbye.|Thanks for contacting us today. Have a great day and trip. Goodbye.
Can you help me find an interesting place to visit on the east side of town?|I can.  Do you like museums?
Sure do, know of any interesting ones on the east side?|We have  the Cambridge Artworks, the Cambridge Museum of Technology, and several galleries.
That should do.  I am also looking for a place to dine. The restaurant should serve Chinese food and should be in the expensive price range|I have many choices. Do you have an area preference?
Yes, I would like it to be in the east.|The Yu Garden has fabulous food.  Can I book a table there for you?
I'm sorry, could I get the postcode to Cambridge Artworks?|cb13ef. Anything else?
I also need to get the phone number for the restaurant.|Absolutely. You can reach Yu Garden at 01223248882. Is there anything else I can help with today?
That is all, thank you!|Okay great. Glad I could be of help.
I'm sorry I have to go now! Bye!|Thanks for contacting the Cambridge TownInfo Centre and have a great day!
Hello, can you help me locate swimming pools on the east side of Cambridge?|There is one swimming pool called abbey pool and astroturf pitch, located at pool way, whitehill road, off newmarket road. Do you need anything else?
please provide its phone number.|They can be reached at 01223902088, can I help with anything else?
Yes, please. I would like a restaurant in the same area that serves British food.|Grafton hotel restaurant serves British food and is in the east. Would you like a reservation?
Yes please make a reservation|What day and time would you like the reservation for?
I'm not sure quite yet. Can I please have the phone number and address?|Yes, the address is Grafton Hotel 619 Newmarket Road Fen Ditton and the phone number is 01223241387. Anything else I can help with?
That takes care of what I needed. Thanks. Have a good day. Bye.|Thank you.
I'm wanting to find a restaurant. The location I want is the west and I want something in the moderate price range. Can you help me?|Certainly! There are 3 options for moderately priced restaurants in the West: British, Indian or Italian. Do you have a preference?
Could I have the phone number for the Indian restaurant?|Yes, the phone number for the meghna restaurant is 01223727410. What other information would you like?
That's all that I needed, thank you.|You're welcome! Have a great day! Goodbye.
Hello, I can't wait to try some local restaurants when I travel there next week.  I could use some help with places to go in town though.|I'm certain we can help with that. Do you have a price range, part of town or what kind of food you'll want to eat?
Actually, is there a place in town that offers nice architecture to see?|There is a moderate priced asian restaurant in the centre called yippee noodle bar that's around beautiful places. Would you like to try that?
I want a place that has latin food.|I'm very sorry I am finding no results for restaurants serving latin food. Is there another type of cuisine you'd be interested in?
How about some vietnamese food in the west then?|I have the thanh binh restaurant located at 17 Magdalene Street City Centre. Would you like reservations?
Yes, I would like to reserve a table for a party of 8 at 16:00 on Friday.  I've also got another question when you're done with that.  Thank you.|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.Reference number is : Q4NHOJRD. what was the other question?
You must be a mind reader, my question was the reference number! Thank you|You're very welcome! Is there anything else I can help you with?
I would like a cab to and from both places please make sure it is on time so I don't miss my reservation, contact # & car type|What place will you be leaving from?
I will be leaving from the restaurant.|well, you didn't suggest any attractions, you see. What would you suggest, then I can schedule my cab after that
My apologies!  My wife loves architecture and insisted I find a place, glad I didn't forget.  Any area's fine, but what about the same as the restaurant?|Is there a price range would you like?
I'd like a place to go to in the category of architecture, preferably free.|All saints church is free and lcoated on jesus lane.
That sounds fine, can you get me a taxi from there to the restaurant. I'll need to arrive by 16:00 for my reservation.|Your taxi has been booked. You will be picked up in a white Volvo. The contact number is 07266032951. May I be of further assistance today?
Thank you so much. That's all I will need today.|You're welcome, let me know if I can assist with anything else.
I need a guesthouse in the cheap price range.|I have many results for a cheap guesthouse, would you like to narrow it down to stay in a particular area of the town?
Do any of these hotels have 4 stars?|Yes, in fact 7 of the 9 hotels in your search criteria have 4 stars. Would you like to narrow your search by area?
Any area is fine, but I'd like to book rooms for 8 people. We'll be staying 5 nights, beginning on Saturday. Can any of them accommodate that?|I was able to get you rooms at the Alexander Bed & Breakfast. Reference number is : HREOM15W. Can I be of further assistance today?
Yes, I am also looking for a restaurant called The Nirala.|The nirala serves indian food in the north side of town. It is located at 7 Milton Road Chesterton, phone 01223360966. Is there anything else I can help with?
I'd like to book a table there for 8 at 16:00 on Saturday, please.|I am sorry, I was unable to reserve a table for that time on Saturday, would you like to try a different time slot?
Yes, see if 15:00 is available.|Booking was a success!
Could you please provide the reference number?|Sure thing. The reference number is Z1YHIR0Y.
Great - that's all I need today. Thanks for your help!|Glad that I could be of service. Goodbye!
I am looking for the restaurant kymmoy.|kymmoy is an asian oriental restaurant located on 52 Mill Road City Centre, cb12as. Would you like a reservation?
yes i want to book a table for 7 people at 16:15 on Wednesday. i want the reference number|Your reference number is: MXG517HW.  The table will be held for 15 minutes.  Is there anything else I can do to assist you?
Yes I am looking for a place to stay. i would prefer a hotel in the 4 state rating category.|University Arms Hotel is located in the centre.  Would you like to make a reservation?
Does it have free parking?|Yes. Would you like a room?
Yes, please. Can you book me for Wednesday for 7 people, 2 nights please?|Great!  I have the rooms booked for you.
Could I please get the reference number?|Sure, your reference  number is  ZU5RABWR
Thanks so much, now I need a taxi to get us there on time.|Okay! You'll be picked up in a black Ford. The contact number is 07889021658. Can I help you with anything else?
That will be all for today. Thanks so much. Goodbye|Thanks for letting us assist you! Have a great trip!
I need to find Local Restaurants in Cambridge where I can dine and I also need an expensive 4 Star Hotel I can stay in while in Cambridge.|sure, what kind of hotel are you looking for?
An actual hotel instead of a guesthouse, I would need to have free wifi.|How about the huntingdon marriott hotel?
Yes, I'd like to book 2 nights there, please.|Sure I can help with that. What day would like the reservation for and for how many people?
For 1 person, 2 nights starting Sunday.|I was able to book your room. Your reference number is W7ML67QB. Can I help you with anything else?
Yes, I'm also looking for a place called the midsummer house restaurant.|That is an expensive british restaurant in the centre of town. The phone number is 01223369299. Can I make a reservation for you?
Yes, please make a reservation.|I would love to! how many people, which date and time?
IT will be at 16:00 on Sunday. Just a table for one.|Your booking was successful! The reference number is 2X3EOW8A. Your table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Thank you for your help!|Thank you for using the Cambridge Town Info Centre Services. We hope you enjoy your time in Cambridge!
I was hoping that you could tell me more about the museum of classical archaeology.|What I can tell you is that it's located on Sidgwick Avenue and that there is no entrance fee. Would you like the phone number?
No but what exact area is it in? Center, east, west etc.|It is in the west area. Can I help you with anything else?
I also want to go to an Asian Oriental restaurant in the center area.|I have 4 of them. Is there a certain price range you would like?
I have no preference in price range.|I can recommend Yippee Noodle Bar, it's moderately priced. Would you like me to book you a table?
yes please, for friday night|How many in your party and what time?
Seven people, and we're planning to go there at 3:15 PM.|Okay that was successful and your reservation number is GIBY27FH.
OKay great thanks so much.|The address of the restaurant is: 40428 King Street City Centre, postcode cb11lh.
That will be all for today. Goodbye.|So glad I could be of assistance, Have a great day!
I want to visit an expensive restaurant in the south part of town. I need the address, phone number, and type of food.|There are five expensive restaurants available in the south part of the city.  Mexican, Italian, Indian, and two Chinese restaurants are available.  What type of food would you like?
Mexican will be fine. Could I have the address and phone please?|Chiquito restaurant bar is a mexican restaurant located in the south part of town in the expensive price range.  Their phone number is 01223 400170 and their address is 2G Cambridge Leisure Park Cherry Hinton Road Cherry Hinton.
Thank you. Goodbye.|Goodbye.
Can you give me the price for a large pizza and what type of pizzas they offer at Pizza Express fen ditton please|Would you like to book a reservation at Pizza Express?
What is the price range of Pizza Express?|Pizza Express Fen Ditton is in the moderate price range.
What is the food type at Pizza Express?|It is italian food.
Okay, thank you.|Would you like me to book it for you?
No, thank you!|Alright. let me know if there is anything else I can help you with.
Hi, is there a restaurant in town called the rice boat?|Yes there is. rice boat is an indian restaurant in the west. Would you like to book a table?
Yes, please! I'd like a table on Sunday for 5 people at 20:00.|I'm sorry, but that time is unavailable. Is there another time you would like?
Could you try booking for 19:00 instead?|Booking was successful for 19:00. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Your reference number is : BL1DL1ZO.  Can I do anything else for you?
That is all! Thank you for your help!|You're quite welcome! Thanks for contacting the Cambridge TownInfo Centre and have a great day!
I need a south restaurant with some greek food.|Is there a specific price range you are looking for?
No, any price range is fine.|I'm sorry, but there are no Greek restaurants in the south part of town.
How about italian?|frankie and bennys is an italian restaurant in the south part of town.  Would you like their location?
phone number and postcode, please.|The postcode is C.B 1, 7 D.Y and the phone number is 01223 412430
Thank you goodbye.|Okay thank you
Thank you goodbye.|thank you good bye
I can't find a restaurant I am looking for.|Do you know the name of it?  I can try and find it for you.
The good luck Chinese takeaway.|That's on 82 Cherry Hinton Road. If you need to contact them for directions, their number is 01223244149. Can I help with anything else?
Yes please. Book a table for my party of 8 for 12:45 on Monday.|I have made your reservation, with reference #D8E6CV1X. Can I help you with anything else today?
Yes, I am also looking for a hotel named kirkwood house.|That is one of my favorite guesthouses.  Do you need a reservation there?
Yes please for 5 people for 5 nights from Monday please.|Booking was successful. Your reference number is K7VLK45Q. Will that be all?
I also need a taxi between the two places.|What time would you like to travel?
I want to arrive in time for my lunch reservation.|Taxi is ready, look for a black lexus, they can be reached at 07505999310, any further questions?
No, that's all I needed. Thank you for your help, it's much appreciated!|thank you for all the information. goodbye
Yes, can you lookup the chiquito restaurant bar for me.|Yes I found it, what information would you like?
Can you book at table for 4 at chiquito on tuesday at 20:00 please.|Alright, your table will be booked for that time.
Thank you. May I get a reference number?|I'm sorry but the booking was unsuccessful.  Would you like to try another restaurant?
Yes in the same area and price range. I'll need a reference number too.|I booked a table at The Good Luck Chinese Food Takeaway.  Your reference number is MDK9A3PR.  The restaurant is at 82 Cherry Hinton Road.  Will that be all?
Thank you that will be all. Have a great day!|Thank you
Can you direct me towards a moderately priced restaurant serving fusion food?|Sorry, but there are no fusion restaurants in the area, Did you want to try a different type of restaurant?
European, then.|what area are you looking for?
Moderately priced European food. I will also need the address and postcode.|I have found five restaurants serving european food, four in the centre area and one in the south. Do you have a preference of area?
If they are all moderately priced, I do not care. Price is more important than location.|galleria serves moderately priced european food. Their address is 33 Bridge Street and the postcode is C.B 2, 1 U.W
Thank you goodbye.|thank you good bye
I'm looking for a greek restaurant that is moderately expensive.|I apologize I have no greek restaurant that is moderately expensive, or moderate or expensive is that is what you intended. Would you like another cuisine type?
Please try one that serves Turkish food.|Meze bar restaurant is available
Can you book a table for 5 people at 18:00 on Monday?|I've reserved a table for you. Anything else?
Yes, can I please get the reference number?|Of course, I'm so sorry that I didn't provide that earlier. Your reference number is BA8FS8Z5. Do you need any other assistance today?
No, thanks for your help.  Bye.|You are welcome.  Have a nice meal.  Bye.
Looking for a restaurant in the East side of town|It looks like there are 9 restaurants in the east side of town. Do you have a preference for the price range?
yes expensive restaurant please|Grafton Hotel restaurant is in the expensive price range and located in the east part of town.
May I have the address and phone number please?|grafton hotel restaurant is located at grafton hotel 619 newmarket road fen ditton and the phone number is 01223 241387. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, I'd like the postcode too please.|The post code for the grafton hotel restaurant is C.B 5, 8 P.A. Is there anything else I can help you with?
That is all.  Thank you.|Thank you, goodbye
I'm planning my trip and I need a train going to broxbourne and arrive by 17:30.|What is your departure site and what day are you travelling?
Im leaving Cambridge and it will be on Saturday|What time would you like to leave by?
I need to arrive by 17:30.|I have several trains available.  What time would you like to depart?
I am not particular about departure time, please book 6 seats on the one arriving earliest and let me know the reference number.|Reference number is : MO8SEC17.  Train ID TR8674. Is there anything else?
Yeah, I need to grab something to eat. I'm looking for a malay place in the centre of town.|Unfortunately there is no Malaysian food in the centre. Do you want a different type of food, or would you like me to search a different part of town?
How about some Indian food.  Is there any in the centre?|Sure, there are a number of options.  Did you have a certain price range in mind?
It doesn't matter, can you recommend one and book me a table for 6.|I would suggest Curry Garden. For what day should I make your reservation?
Yes please. I need a table for 6 at 12:45 on Saturday.|Your reservation for 6 people at Curry Garden this Saturday at 12:45 was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Your Reference number is : AEN16UHV.
Thank you. You have answered all my questions and I am all set now. Goodbye.|Thank you for contacting us and have a nice day.
Is there a modern European restaurant in the north?|I found city stop restaurant. They are located at Cambridge City Football Club Milton Road Chesterton
That sounds lovely!|Would you like me to help you with reserving a table?
Maybe. Is that restaurant in the moderate price range?|No, they are in the expensive price range. Is this okay, or would you like to try another area?
How about a restaurant that serves Indian food?|There are several restaurants what part of town would you like it?
A restaurant in the north, please.|I was able to locate The Nirala in the north area which is moderately priced.  Would that work?
Sounds great! Can you make a reservation for 6 people at noontime on Sunday?|Reservation for sunday at 12:00 for 6 is made, her is your reference number: 2FWJ0KXT. Is there anything else I can help with?
No, that will be all. Thank you.|Thank you and enjoy your visit to cambridge. Have a great day.
I'm looking for an exciting place to go in the centre of town.|The Man on the Moon is a great concert hall. How does that sound to you?
I'm actually looking for something that has great architecture.|There are 4 churches and a school.  Do you have a preference?
The school is fine. What is the entrance fee and phone number?|Old Schools is free to tour and the phone number is 01223332320. Is there anything else I can help you with?
A friend was raving about this restaurant called Pizza Hut. Can you help me find it?|There are three pizza huts. One in the city center, one in the east and one in the south. Which would you like information on?
It doesn't matter. What is the food type and addresses?|Pizza hut city centre is located in the centre area and serves italian food and is in the cheap price range. Is any more information needed?
Actually, could you check if there is a pizza hut in fen ditton?  If so, could I have the address and phone number?|Yes, there is!  It's address is Cambridge Retail Park Newmarket Road Fen Ditton and it's number is 01223323737.
Thank you - that's all I need today.|Happy to be of service. Thanks for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre, and have a great day!
I want to find a Chinese restaurant in the centre of Cambridge.|There are 10 choices and we have cheap, moderate and expensive options, any preference?
I would like a suggestion of a moderately priced Chinese place.|I recommend Jinling Noodle Bar.  It's located at 11 Peas Hill City Center.  Would you like me to book a table for you?
Yes can you please for three at 17:00.|On what day would you like your reservation?
Can you book it for me and get a reference number ?|What day would you like to dine on ?
I want a reservation for 2 people at 17:30 on thursday. Sorry, I don't know why I said the other thing before that. I must be going crazy.|Your table was booked. Your reference number is 42XEDGDF. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I also need a Friday train to Broxbourne.|Certainly. Will you be departing from Cambridge? What time would you like to leave after or arrive by? There are departures every hour from 5:01 through 23:01.
I would like to leave Cambridge after 15:45.|The next train after 15:45 leaves at 17:01 from Cambridge. Would you like to book this train?
Yes, please book it and provide the reference number.|How many train tickets would you like to book?
2 please and I need a ref. number.|Okay, booked it and your ref. is TJGHMT3I.
Thanks, that's all I needed today. Goodbye!|Thank you. Let me know if there is anything else I can assist you with.
I am looking for a place serving christmas food in the centre of town.|It doesn't look like there are any restaurants of that type. Would you like to try a different cuisine?
Do you have any Indian restaurants?|Yes, we have nine Indian restaurants in the center of town.  Do you have a preference in price range?
I actually would prefer gastropub type food and preferably in the moderate price range.|The Cow Pizza Kitchen and Bar would be perfect for you! Would you like for me to book you a table?
Are there any other options for gastropub?|The Cow Pizza Kitchen and Bar is the only gastropub in all of Cambridge.
In that case, could you give me the address and phone number?|I sure can.  The address is Corn Exchange Street, and the phone number is 01223308871.  Can I help you with anything else today?
No, that's all. Thank you.|Thank you for calling us today. Goodbye.
I'm looking for a moderate priced place to stay that has free wifi.|Yes I have many options. Do you have an area of stay preference?
I want to be in the north. Preferably in a guesthouse.|Okay, and what star should the hotel have?
I do not care about the star. I do need it to be open for 5 nights from Saturday. Eight people.|I'd recommend the avalon. It's a 4 star moderately priced hotel. Does that work for you?
Thanks for the recommendation.  Yes, that will work for me and my party.  May I please get a reference number?|You have a reservation at the Avalon for 5 nights from Saturday for 8 people. Your reference number is 1NWU0HDV.
Hello, I'd like some information on a train going to Kings Lynn.|Certainly. Where will you be leaving from and on what day?
I'm coming from Cambridge and would like to arrive at Kings Lynn by 8 p.m. Monday.|TR7803 will leave at 18:11 and arrive 47 minutes later at 18:58. The trip will cost 9.80 pounds. Would you like to book this train?
Yes, please. Thank you so much!|How many seats will you need?
None right now but could you just tell me the price, train ID, and travel time?|TR7803 will leave at 18:11 and arrive 47 minutes later at 18:58. The trip will cost 9.80 pounds.
Thanks.  I am also looking for a restaurant in the centre that serves African food.|I found Bedouin matching your request.  Would you like to book a table there?
Is it in the moderate price range?|No it is in an expensive price range.
Okay let's look for a moderately priced international restaurant, book me a table anywhere for 8 people at 14:45 on Monday.|I am sorry but there are no moderate price international restaurant available.  Would you like to try another food or price range?
Okay, then let's go back to my first choice, African cuisine. You mentioned the Bedouin, earlier. Is it in the city centre?|It is located in the centre and is expensive.
Yes, I would like to book please.|I reserved a table for eight people at the Bedouin on Monday at 14:45. Reference number is LGUNVWOU. Hold time will be for 15 minutes. Is there anything else?
Have a nice day.|Thank you. You as well!
Is there a cheap restaurant serving belgian food?|What area are you interested in?
I do not care what area it is in.|There are no cheap Belgian restaurants. Would you like to change your query?
How about a cheap restaurant serving Italian food?|da vinci pizzeria serves italian food in the cheap price range and in the centre of town, is there anything else i can help you with?
Can you tell me where the restaurant Tandoori Palace is located?|Tandoori Palace is in the west, address 68 Histon Road Chesterton, postcode cb43le.
Great, could you reserve me a table for 1 on Sunday at 18:15 please?|I've done it. The reference number is LPNKZ7V5. Anything else I can do for you?
I'm also looking for Hamilton Lodge. Do you have any information on it?|It is a moderately priced guesthouse in the north.
Do you know if they offer internet and free parking?|Yes the hamilton lodge offers both free parking and internet. Would you like to make a reservation?
No, what is the postcode, please?|The postcode is cb41da. Would you like me to make a reservation?
Yes, I would like to make a reservation.|Sure, what day would you like to stay? Anything else you'd like to tell me?
No, that's ok. I have everything I need for now. Thank you for all of your help today.|You're welcome! Thanks for contacting me today!
Hi, can you please give me information on the restaurant The Gardenia?|The Gardenia serves cheap mediterranean food in the city centre. Would you like the address, or have me book you a table?
I'd like a table for 4 on Monday please.|What time will you be dining?
We'll be dining at 15:30. Please send the reference number once you're done.|Your reference number is KIXYYGY0. Do you need anything else?
Thank you. Can you help me book a train to cambridge?|What is your destination and departure location?
I will leave from Stevenage and head to Cambridge.|I have a number of trains leaving from stevenbridge to cambridge on friday. Do you have a time preference?
Yes, can you book tickets for 4 on a train that arrives at or just before 11:30?|ok its book reference # is ZJXDBRKW
Great that's all I needed help with today, thank you.|Thank you for using our service today!
I would like to find an Italian restaurant that's expensively priced.|Clowns Cafe at 54 King Street City Centre would work well for you. Would you like me to book it?
I want to book a table for 6 people at 20:00 on thursday.|Unfortunately I wasn't able to book that time for you. Would you like to try for another time or day?
Yes please. Can you try 19:00 instead?|Booking was successful. 
Reference number is : SUTXD8Y6.  is there anything else I can help with?
Yes, I need a train out of cambridge on Friday.|I can book you one that leaves at 05:00. How many tickets would you like?
I need 6 tickets please.|I have 202 results. Where would you like to arrive?
I need it to arrive at Birmingham New Street|Okay there are 19 trains making that trip do you have a time you prefer?
Sometime after 8:30, please.|I have 15 trains leaving hourly on the :01 from 9:01 to 23:01. The trip duration is 163 minutes. What time would you prefer?
Please book for 6 people the train that departs at 9:01.|I successfully booked you on Train TR3732 for 6 people, total fee of 450.6 GBP.  Your reference number is 2ZQNPAPB.
Thank you. That was all I needed for today. Thank you very much.|No problem at all! Remember that the Cambridge TownInfo centre is here for all your 411 needs!
I'm looking for a restaurant the serves austrian food in the centre.|I'm sorry, but no restaurants match your criteria. Would you like to broaden your search?
What about something in the expensive price range?|There are 33 expensive restaurants in the center of town, but no austrian ones. In fact, there are no austrian restaurants in all of cambridge.
Ok, how about an expensive Italian restaurant around the centre?|Would you like to book don pasquale pizzeria? It matches all of your latest criteria.
Yes.  I'd also like their phone number please.|Don Pasquale Pizzeria's phone number is 01223350106, what date, time, and number of people would you like to book?
That's all the info I need on the pizzeria. I also need a train to leave after 20:15 and depart from stansted airport.|The first train leaves from stanstead airport on friday at 20:24. Would you like me to book it for you?
Actually I need a train on Sunday, please.|Alright, I have the earliest on Sunday leaving at 20:24 from Stansted Airport. Should I book this train for you?
What is the arrival time in Cambridge?|The 20:24 train from stansted arrives in cambridge at 20:52. It's a quick, 28-minute trip!
What is the name of the stop where I need to get off for the restaurant?|the train stop is cambridge.
Should I book this train for you?|There are 4 trains available one leaves at 20:24 would that work for you?
I will just need the arrival time please.|The arrival time for TR2021 is 20:52.
Please book that train for me.|I would be happy to book TR2021 for you. The cost is 8.08 a ticket. How many tickets will you need?
That's actually all I need this afternoon. Thank you very much.|You're welcome. Feel free to contact us again if you need any more information.
I am looking for a particular restaurant. Its name is called prezzo|Prezzo is an Italian restaurant in the west. Their phone number is 01799521260. Would you like me to make a reservation for you?
Yes please, 4 people at 11:00 on Friday. Can you please provide me with the reference number?|You booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : WYZGXOVQ.
thank you for helping me book a table for 4 at prezzo and providing the reference number|You are more than welcome!
Can you help me find a moderately placed modern european restaurant?|how about galleria? i hear it's lovely
Sounds good, can you book that for 1 person at 18:30 on thursday?|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Reference number is : 3G88NRTV.
I also need to get a train.|Where is your departure and destination?
I'll be heading into cambridge from leicester, and I need to get there by 12:30 on thursday.|There are 6 trains to choose from. Should I book one of them for you?
I there one that arrives close to the 12:30 time?|The train that will arrive closest to 12:30 is TR2058. You will arrive by 11:54. Can I book that for you?
Yes, please and provide me with a reference number.|The booking was successful, and your reference number is R7U78R0G. The fee is 37.79 GBP, payable at the station. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
That is everything, thank you so much for your help!|Happy to be of service, and enjoy your meal!
I would like to dine at a restaurant in the south that serves barbeque. Can you help?|Nothing matches that search, can I try a different area or restaurant type?
Oh, that's too bad.  How about Italian?|Yes I have two in the south. do you have a preference in price range?
Either one is fine, Ill go with what you recommend, please book me for 8 people at 18:45 on thursday.|i have booked frankie and bennys	and Reference number is : JMGIG52I.
Great!  Thank you.  Have a great day!|Thank you! You as well!
I'm interested in finding some things to do in the centre area of town.  Specifically I am interested in multiple sports attractions.  Can I get more information?|Unfortunately, the only multiple sports option I have is in the east. Is there another type of attraction you would like to visit?
Can you look for a college?|I have 13 in the centre area of town. The emmanuel college is nice and it is free.
That sounds great, could you give me their address, phone and postcode please?|They are located at saint andrew's street, cb23ap and the phone number is 01223334200.
okay, I'm also looking for a place to dine. I'd like to eat italian food in the same area as the attraction please.|Sure, there are a number of options.  Were you looking for a specific price range?
No, there is no specific price range. I need to book a table for 8 people at 13:15 on Thursday.|Let's choose a place first. stazione restaurant and coffee bar is one of the options available
Sounds great! Can you please book me a table for 8 on Thursday at 13:15. Thanks|I have made those reservations and your reference number is  RH2680GW.
Thank you. Can you also book me a taxi to take me from Emmanuel College to get me to the Stazione restaurant by 13:15 please?|Your taxi is booked. Be expecting a grey Lexus. Please call 07002476636 should you need to reach them.
Great. Thank you!|Okay I'm glad I could help today.
Hi, I sure am looking forward to trying some of your local food when I get there.  Can you help me find a train?|Yes, there are many trains where are you going and leaving from? What time do you want to arrive or depart?
I want to go to Kings Lynn on Monday.|Where will you be departing from and what time?
I am departing from Cambridge after 21:00.|I have train TR8453 leaving at 21:11 is that okay for you?
Yeah, that works. Is there a seat available?|Yes there is. Would you like reservations?
Yeah, I just need a ticket for myself.|I have made that reservation and your reference number is R547NJH2.
I also am looking for an expensive caribbean restaurant.|i dont happen to have any caribbean restaurants in town. can i look for something else for you?
How about Gastropub?  In the centre?|There are 3 expensive gastropubs in the centre.  My personal favorite is backstreet bistro.  Would you like me to make reservations for you?
I don't need a reservation at the moment but can i have their post code?|Their postcode is cb12qa
Thank you for all your help!|Have a nice day.
Find a guesthouse hotel in Cambridge with free parking.|There are 21 guesthouses that meet your criteria. Is there a particular area you'd like to stay in, and what price range do you prefer?
Are any of the guesthouses 4 stars?|Yes, I have 16 results that have a 4 star rating. To narrow it down, what area are you looking to stay in? Do you need free parking?
I'll take the one on top of your list, I'll arrive Saturday it's 3 people for 5 nights.|ok i've gone ahead and booked this for you. your reference number is GXQZCBL8
Great! I've heard about a restaurant called Curry Garden. What can you tell me about it?|Sure! Curry Garden is in the Central region of town, and serves expensive Indian food. Does that interest you?
yes, please book a reservation here|Okay, when would you like me to book the reservation and for how many people?
make the reservation for saturday night for 3 people. can I have the full address? book a taxi to leave at 23:30 with contact info|I'm afraid I can't book the Curry Garden for 23:30, is there some other time you'd like?
Make the restaurant reservation for 21:00 and I need a taxi to pick us up at the restaurant at 2330. Send me taxi contact number and car type.|I'm sorry, but I'm running into an error booking that restaurant reservation. Let's take care of that before we get a taxi. Can you restate your request for the reservation?
I actually don't need a restaurant reservation. I do need a taxi, though. I need to leave Curry Garden at 23:30 and head to the hotel.|I'd be happy to help you book a taxi, what hotel is your destination?
Whatever hotel you booked me at. The reference number is: GXQZCBL8|Alright, you're all booked. Your taxi will pick you up at Curry Garden at 23:30 and take you to Acorn Guest House.
May I have the car type and a contact number for the driver?|That will be a red Honda, and the contact number is 07783493391. What else can I help you with?
I think that's all I need. Thanks for your help!|We are happy to help. Thank you for using our service. Have all of your needs been met?
Yes, they have. Thanks. Have a nice day.|Thank you, goodbye.
I would like to leave cambridge on sunday. Can you check on trains for me?|Sure, I can check on that for you. Where would you like to go?
I would like to go to bishops stortford.|And at what time would you like to travel?
I would like to arrive by 18:15.|There are 7 trains leaving Cambridge that can have you there by 18:15. They leave Bishops stortford starting at 05:29 and leave every 2 hours after that.
I'd like the earliest and need the train ID and travel time please. I'm also looking for an expensive Indian restaurant, what options are there?|TR6572 is the earliest train leaving at 05:29. I found many indian restaurants. Is there a specific area you would like to be in?
Not a specific area, just enough for the restaurant to hold 7 people.|Curry Garden is very nice. They're an expensive Indian restaurant in the city centre. Can I make you a reservation?
Yes, that would be great. Can you book me a table for 7 people on Sunday at 13:00?|Your table at Curry Garden has been reserved and will be held for 15 minutes past the reservation time. The reference number is 6X4B5F77. Need anything else today?
That's all. Thanks!|You are so welcome. Have a great day and enjoy Cambridge!
Hi there. I heard someone mention the Bloomsbury Restaurant and I was wondering if you could give me some information for them.|Sure the Bloomsbury is located at Crowne Plaza Hotel 20 Downing Street and their postcode and telephone number are cb23dt and 08719429180 respectively. Is there anything else you need?
I'd like to make a reservation for 6 at 11:00 on Sunday.|Your table for 6 at 11:00 on Sunday at Bloomsbury is reserved (Reference #7354C6CL). Is there anything else I can do for you today?
No, that's all I need. Thanks for your help.|You are welcome, goodbye.
I want to get a train out of Cambridge that departs after 20:45 please.|What is your destination and day of travel?
I wish to go to New York City leaving this Friday.|I'm sorry, but I can't help you with travel outside of Cambridge and the surrounding areas.
Ok. How about a train to the Stansted airport?|I found three, one leaving at 21:40, 22:40, and 23:40 which would you like to go?
I would like to book the 21:40 train on Wednesday for one person please. I also need a reference number please.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 10.1 GBP payable at the station. Your reference number is : VJ3ZAO4F. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, I am also looking to eat some north african food.  Can you help me find a restaurant?|I cannot find any restaurant that serves north african food in the area.
How about Thai food?|There are 2 restaurants that serve thai food; one in the west and one in the centre. Do you have a location preference?
The one in the west works please. Can you pleas book it for me on the same day at about 13:15.|How many people will be dining?
I'll be dining alone.|Unfortunately no table is available at that time do you have another time?
Could you please check for a table at 12:15 and can I have the reference number?|Alright, I have you booked at Sala Thong at 12:15. Reference number is: QIH3G407. Can I help you with anything else?
No, that should be everything. Thank you very much!|You're welcome - safe travels!
I am looking for a moderately priced Scottish restaurant|I'm so sorry but it seems that I don't show any that will suit what you are looking for. Would you like to try a different price range or type?
I am looking for something in centre of town then|Yes I have many moderately priced venues in the center of town serving British food if you like.
I am not looking for British, I am looking for scottish food.|I'm sorry but there are no moderately priced Scottish restaurants in town. Would you like a different type of food?
Yes, Could you look for a Spanish restaurant instead?|There is la tasca. They are located at 14 -16 Bridge Street. Would you like to book it?
Yes please. Could you give me a table for tuesday at 12:00 for 2 people please.|I've booked your reservation. Is there anything else you need?
Can I have a reference number please?|Yes, it's XXNQ81IE.
Thank you. Have a lovely day.|Thank you too, good bye.
I am looking for a cheap place to eat in the east part of town.|I just happen to have one place that is cheap in the east. They serve international food. It's called the Missing Sock. Would that be of interest to you?
Do they serve International food? That's what I was hoping for!|They do serve international food.
No thank you that will be all|It was a pleasure to help. Have a good day.
Do you have any suggestions on a place in the centre to eat. I would like it to be expensive please.|Is there any particular cuisine you prefer?
No, I'm not particular in fact I would like to try something exotic.  Can you also give me the address please?|I recommend Bedouin at 100 Mill Road City Centre.  Can I help you with anything else today?
Yes. I am also looking for a place to stay that includes free wifi and is in the same area as the restaurant.|Cityroomz looks like a good fit. Would you like to book that?
Hmm, that name doesn't inspire a lot of confidence. How many stars is it rated?|Cityroomz is rated as zero stars. If you're looking for something more highly regarded the Gonville Hotel is 3 stars and the University Arms gets 4. Do those sound better?
What price range is the University of Arms in?|The University Arms Hotel is in the expensive price range.
Would you like to book that?|Do you need any more information about the University Arms Hotel?
Yes, just give me their phone number if I want to reserve something I'll call them myself.|The phone number is 01223351241. Can I help you with anything else?
Can you please confirm for me if the hotel has free wifi and what part of town it is in? Thanks.|The hotel has free internet and is in the center. The address is regent street cb21ad.
Thank you! That's all I needed today. Bye!|Great, thank you for using our service. Have a great day.
i need a place to dine in Cambridge with expensive gastropub food|We have three places, two in the center and one in the east, would you like more info or a booking on any of those?
i want one in the centre|The Backstreet Bistro would be an excellent choice. It's at 2 Sturton Street City Centre. I will book a table for you if you provide the party details.
book a table for 4 people at 12:00 on tuesday.|Reference number is : 65FUI2BA. May I assist you with anything else ?
Thank you. Can you help me find a nightclub also in the city Centre?|I found some night club in the center of town. Do you have preference for entrance fee?
Not really just close to the restaurant. Can you give me the address of the one you recommend?|its ok here is the address code V91275-45  thanks alot
Hello! I am looking for an expensive guesthouse type hotel. Any ideals ?|Sorry, but none of the guesthouses in Cambridge fall into the expensive price range.
I need a guesthouse with free parking and a 4 star rating.|I have many options.  What area of town would you like?  That should help me narrow it down.
The area doesn't matter, but are any of them considered cheap?|Yes, there are 7 cheap guesthouses in that area.  Were you looking for any other specific requirements?
recommend any and find me its  postcode|Allenbell. Postcode is cb13js. Is there anything else?
Yes, I'm also looking for a Chinese place in the south?  Do you know of anything?|There are three Chinese restaurants in the south, may I recommend The Good Luck Chinese Food Takeaway? They are a price range of expensive.
I need the price to be the same as the hotel, so I need a cheap restaurant as well. Are there any that fit this criteria?|Yes, what kind of food are you looking for?
I feel like chinese would be good.|I would like to get a table at "the lucky star".
Im looking for a place to eat eritrean food at the centre.|I am sorry there are none located in the centre. Something else perhaps?
What about something moderately priced that's in the centre instead?|OK, there are a lot of moderately priced restaurants in the centre. How do you feel about british food?
British food sounds good. What options do I have?|Restaurant one seven is a good one. Would you like to book it?
I am not quite ready to book a table, but may I have the address of the restaurant including the postcode and the phone number?|Phone is, 01223337766. Adress starting with post code is,cb21ab De Vere University Arms Regent Street City Centre
I also need a place to stay.|I'd be happy to help you acquire lodgings. What part of the city would you like to stay in, and what amenities do you prefer?
I'm not so concerned about the area, but I'm looking for something cheap.  I won't need to use parking.|Alright, I have Alexander Bed & Breakfast already in centre, very affordable and 4 stars. Does that interest you?
Does it include free wifi?|I'm sorry, after searching I was unable to acquire any information about the hotel and weather it has wifi.
Is there another one that is in the cheap price range that includes free wifi?|My apologies.  Actually, Alexander Bed and Breakfast does include free wifi.  I have confirmed that information.
That's great can you give me the phone number, postcode and address for Alexander Bed and Breakfast?|Sure, it's at 56 saint Barnabas road, Cb12de. The phone number is 01223525725. Would you like me to book you a room?
Nah, that won't be necessary.|Is there anything else that you might need?
entrance fee, address, and phone number|I'm sorry, our signals may have gotten crossed. What would you like to know the entrance fee, address, and phone number for?
I am sorry.  That was my mistake.  I h ave all the information I need, thank you.|Ok Thank you and have a great day.
I'm looking for an italian restaurant that is moderately priced.|Stazione restaurant and coffee bar	is available
Could you give me the address and phone number of both please?|Yes, the phone number is 01223352607.
Could I get the address as well?|The address is Market Hill City Centre. Is there anything else you need?
I would like to book a table there for 6 people at 11:00 on sunday.|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is G9YTGB8M. Do you need anything else?
I'm looking for an expensive guesthouse with a 4 star rating which provides free parking. Is that possible?|It looks like there aren't any 4 star guesthouses that are expensive.  Would you like me to try a different star rating or price?
how about a moderate price range?|Yes, how about the acorn guest house?
I'm sorry, I would prefer an expensive guesthouse that includes free parking.|I'm sorry. I'm not finding any results that meet your criteria. Would you like to try a different hotel type or price range?
How about moderate priced guesthouses that are 4 stars?|We have 9 moderately priced guesthouses that are 4 stars and provide free parking. Would you like a recommendation from me?
Sure, please provide the address and phone number as well.|The Acorn Guest House is a very popular hotel.  Their phone number is 01223353888 and address is 154 chesterton road.  Would you like to book a room?
No thank you I don't need reservations today.|Is there anything more I can assist you with today?
No.  All set. Thanks.|Thank you for contacting us and have a nice day.
Please recommend me an expensive restaurant that serves afghan food.|I'm not finding any restaurants that match your request. Would you like to try a different price range or food type?
European food?|There are four restaurants that serve European food. What part of town would you like?
I don't care where it is.|Eraina in the centre is an expensive european restaurant. Would you like further information?
what is the price range ?|They are in the expensive price range.
What is the address, phone number, and area?|Eraina is in the centre of town located at Free School Lane City Centre. Their number is 01223 368786. Is there anything else I can do for you?
That'll do. Thank you. Good bye.|Thank you, and have a great day!
Thank you. Good bye.|You are welcome, enjoy your stay. Good bye.
a north part of town restaurant|do you have a price range preference? We have several restaurants in the north part of town
I do not care about the price range but would like somewhere serving indian food.|There is a fairly cheap Indian restaurant named Royal Spice in the north part of town.
What is the address and phone number?|Royal spice is located at victoria avenue chesterton and its phone number is 01223 360966. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Nope, that was all I needed.  Thank you.  Bye bye.|Thank you.
Yes, I am going for luxorious today.  I need to find an expensive restaurant in the centre.|There are a lot to chose from what type of food do you want to eat?
I'd prefer Italian food please.|We have 4 matches in the centre area of the town. Do you know the name of the place by any chance?
No, I was hoping for a recommendation.|d recommend clowns cafe
Sounds good. Can you reserve me a table for 8 people on Wednesday at 13:15 please?|Your reservation at Clowns Cafe for this wednesday at 13:15 for 8 people was successful. Your Reference number is : XLDDAGQJ.
I need a train to stansted airport on Thursday that arrives by 19:30.|Sure.  Train TR5476 leaves Cambridge at 18:40 and arrives at Stansted Airport at 19:08.  Would you like me to book that for you?
What is the travel time for that one?|It's 28 minutes. It's very fast.
Thank you very much!|Anything else you need today?
nope you have been great!|Thank you. Enjoy your dining experience and don't hesitate to call again.  Have a great day!
I need help finding a cheap restaurant|What type of cuisine would you like?
I'm interested in European cuisine.|We have the river bar steakhouse and grill in the centre area, would you like more information?
Can you book me a table there for 7 on Friday at 19:45?|Yes.  Your booking was successful.  The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.  Your reference number is ODB8T8HO.  Is there anything else I can help with?
Yes can you help me find a train as well?|Sure! Where would you like to come from? What day of the week and what time?
I would like to leave in Saturday.|We have several options!  Where would you like to go?
I would like to go to Ely please.|Do you have a time you need to leave or arrive by?
The train should arrive by 13:00 and should depart from cambridge.|Your best best is TR0721, leaving Cambridge at 11:50 and arriving Ely at 12:07. The trains only run every 2 hours on Saturdays.
Okay. Can you go ahead and book that train for 7 people please? And give me the reference number.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 24.64 GBP payable at the station .Reference number is : OKXUNQ4W
Thanks for the help, goodbye!|You are welcome, enjoy your stay!
Is there a restaurant called Cocum?|Yes, it is an indian restaurant in the west. Would you like to book a reservation?
Yes, I would like to book a table for 7 people at 18:00 on Monday. Can you please be sure to give me the reference number?|Your booking is successful.  The reference number is TOD8XYZB.  Is there anything else I can help you with?
I also need to find a train departing from Cambridge.|I have multiple trains leaving from Cambridge. What would you like the destination to be so I can narrow it down?
We would like to go to leicester on tuesday.|Of course. What time would you like to travel?
We would need the train to leaver after 11:45.|I have train TR7692 leaving at 12:21 and arriving at 14:06. Would that be something that would work for you?
Yes, please book for seven and I would like a reference number, please.|You're all booked.  The total fee is 264.59 GBP and your reference number is HC7OJ4LI
Thank you that was all|You're welcome, have a lovely trip!
While in Cambridge I would really like to know where to find a place to eat called meghna.|Meghna is in the west, address 205 Victoria Road Chesterton, postcode cb43lf.
Excellent. Can you book that for me please?|What day and time would you like to make a reservation on and for how many people?
Scratch that, I'll book it myself. Now I just need to find a place to stay, a hotel with a 4 star rating.|I have many 4-star hotels. Is there a certain area of town you're looking in, or perhaps a particular price range.
Yes I would prefer that it's in the west. And I need free parking. That is a hotel style correct?|I have two hotels that fit your request.  One is cheap and the other is expensive.  What is your price range?
I would like a 4 star rating, but price doesn't really matter.  What are the prices?|One is expensive and one is cheap in the 4 star rating.
I would like the phone number and the address of the expensive one.|The Huntingdon Marriot Hotel  is located at Kingfisher Way, Hinchinbrook Business Park, Huntingdon, with a phone number of 01480446000.  Would you like to book it?
No thank you, Would you book a taxi for me? I want to be picked up at Meghna and leave by 10:15. I would like the Contact Number and Car Type.|Where is your desired destination?
The Huntingdon Marriot Hotel where I will be staying.|I have booked you a red toyota taxi. The contact number is 07193902205
I also need the phone number for the restaurant that you booked for me, the Meghna.|The phone number to Meghna is 01223727410. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, thank you very much for all of your help today.|No problem! Have a nice day!
I'm looking for a guesthouse that includes free parking.|There are 21 results. Is there a certain area you'd like to stay in?
I'd like to stay in the centre please.|May I recommend Alexander Bed and Breakfast. They are a four star guesthouse in the cheap price range with free wifi and parking.
That sounds like exactly what I need.|They are located at 56 Saint Barnabas Road and their phone number is 01223525725. Can I make a booking for you?
Yes.  I would like to book for Tuesday for 3 nights for 2 people.|You have a reservation for 2 people for 3 nights, starting Tuesday at the alexander bed and breakfast. Your reference number is : H3PIALJO. Can I assist with something else.
I am also looking for the Restaurant "The Good Luck Chinese Food Takeaway". Do you know it?|I found the good luck Chinese food takeaway is in south side of the town and price range is expensive. Do you want me to book a table?
Yes for Tuesday at 14:00 on Tuesday please.|How many people will join you?
It will be for two people. I will also need a taxi and to make sure it arrives at the restaurant on time. I need the contact number and car.|Is there a certain time you want to leave?
Sorry, did you get a reservation made for the restaurant?|Sorry, yes, the reference number for the restaurant is STX7467S.
That is everything that I need.|We thank you for using our services.  Goodbye.
I am looking for King's College.|Yes, King's College is in the centre and located on King's Parade. Their phone number is 01223331100.
Thank you!|May I help you with any thing else?
Yes.  Do you know what their entrance fee is?  Also, I need some help finding an Italian restaurant in the centre area.|It is free admission into the King's college. Sure I can help with that. What is your price range?
I don't have a price range preference.|There is pizza express it's moderately priced, would you like more information or for me to book it for you?
Yes please. I would like the reservation for Thursday at 15:00 for 2 people.|I was able to book your table.  The  Reference number is : WA5JKA4G.  Is there anything else you needed?
I also need a taxi to travel between King's College and the restaurant.|Booking completed!
Booked car type	:	blue tesla
Contact number	:	07982639539
That was all I needed, thank you.|thanks for using our services and welcome anytime
I'm looking for a place to dine that's in the cheap price range and that serves Indian food.|Would you like a recommendation, or do you want to specify an area?
I'd like a recommendation that is able to book a table for 5 people at 14:45 on Friday.|Alright, I booked you a table for 5 on Friday at 14:45 at the Kohinoor. Your reference number is 20OK4WP8. Can I help you with anything else?
Thanks, I'd also like to find an attraction in the east, please.|How about the Cambridge Museum of Technology at The Old Pumping Station on Cheddars Lane?
That sounds great! Can you give me their postcode and phone number?|The phone number is 01223368650 and the post code is cb58ld. Can I help you with anything else?
I'll need to book a taxi from the Cambridge Museum of Technology to the Kohinoor, arriving by 14:45.|I've booked your taxi.  It will be a grey skoda and the contact no. is 07998309857.  Is there anything else that I can help you with?
No, you have been very helpful.  Thanks so much and have a nice day.  Bye.|Thank you for choosing Help Desk. Good bye.
I would like to go to an expensive Italian restaurant for dinner.|which area of town are you interested in dining in?
The centre is my preference.  Thank you.|I have four places fitting that criteria. Would you like me to book one?
Can you tell me the names of those four?|Sure, stazione restaurant and coffee bar, clowns cafe, don pasquale pizzeria, caffe uno.
book for me Sure. a table for 8 people at 11:45 on wednesday and get me the reference number|Which one would you like me to book it for? Stazione, Clowns Cafe, Don Pasquale Pizzeria, or Caffe Uno?
Please book clowns cafe.|I've made those reservations your reference number is WIPPGG4I.
I also need an expensive hotel to stay at. Can you help me find one?|What area would you like to stay in?
I want to stay near the restaurant if possible. Oh and they should have internet please.|I'd recommend the Gonville Hotel. It meets your criteria. Would you like to make a booking?
yes and could i have the postcode please|Their postcode is cb11ly. If you want to make a booking, then I need to know what day you'd arrive, how many nights you'd stay, and how many people.
Does it have internet?|Yes it does.
Great and can I get a taxi to commute between the two places.|I would be happy to find a taxi for you. I just need to know when you want to leave by and when you would like to arrive.
Just make sure I get to the locations by the booked time.|Lets finish your hotel booking first, okay? How many rooms will you need and for how many nights? Beginning which day?
I don't need a booking, thanks. I do need a taxi going from the hotel to the restaurant though.|I'll need to know when you need to be picked up or dropped off.
11:45 as discussed above.|The taxi has been booked the contact number is 7384967913. The type of car is blue lexus.
Have a nice day.|Thank you. You as well.
Where is a museum that is located in the Cambridge centre?|There are museum through cambridge, 23 total options.  Any preference for area?
I would like a museum near the centre. Could you please tell me the fee, phone number, and postal code.|The Broughton House Gallery, post code cb11ln, phone 01223314960, is free.
Is this a cheap place?|It is actually free.
Excellent.  Can you find me a cheap restaraunt that is also located in the centre area?|I have 15 in that area. Do you have a preference for type of food?
I don't. I'm mostly just focused on the area and he cheap price range.  Any suggestions?|The rice house is a good place and is cheap.
Nice can i make a booking for 1 person at 16:30 on friday.|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : 3YRWRSSF. You're all set. Is there anything else I can do?
Actually yes. I'd like to book a taxi so I can go back and forth between the museum and the restaurant|what is your departure and destination?
I want a taxi to take me to the restaurant by 15:30 from The Broughton House Gallery. I need the contact number and car type as well.|You are set.  Look for a yellow BMW.  Contact number	: 07967629746.  What else can I assist you with today?
Oh, I think I'm all set. Thank you.|Glad to help. Have a nice day. Bye.
I have the name of an attraction that I need directions to.|Okay, what is it called?
Milton Country Park is the name.|Milton Country Park is located in the North of the city. I do not have directions, but their phone number is 01223420060
Great, can you help me find a place to eat that serves expensive Indian food?|I found several restaurants for you.  Do you prefer a certain area?
Yes, Can your search in the east please?|Yes, there are two options in the East.  Pipasha Restaurant and Sitar Tandoori.  Does either of those sound appealing?
Yes can I get the address, postcode, and phone number for Sitar Tandoori?|it is in 43 High Street Cherry Hinton Cherry Hinton,cb19hx and phone number is 01223249955
The last thing I need is a taxi to pick me up at the Milton County Park and take me to the restaurant.|May I have the time you would like to leave Milton Country Park and arrive at Sitar Tandoori so I can get this booked for you?
I'd like to leave the park at 14:45 please. Can you tell me the car type and contact number too|I've booked you a yellow ford with the following contact number 07007541693.
Thank you. You have been a great help.|You are so very welcome! Goodbye, and have a great trip!
I would like to go to a nightclub in the centre.|You have five options for nightclubs in the center. Soul Tree Nightclub has the lowest entry fee, at 4 pounds.
What is the postcode for Soul Tree Nightclub?|The post code is cb23qf. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes.  Are there any North Indian restaurants close to the nightclub?|What's your price range?
I would like something cheap.|There are no North Indian restaurants but there are some Indian restaurants in the centre of town. Would you like information about one of those?
Actually, can you check for a Chinese restaurant in the north then?|I'm sorry I may have misunderstood. Were you looking for cheap Indian food on the north side of town?
I was, but since there's no cheap Indian food in the north I want to see if there's any cheap Chinese in the north.|There's no cheap Chinese food in the north. Would you like me try something else?
are there any chinese restaurants that are cheap in the north?|Unfortunately, there are none. Could you like to try an alternative type of food?
No, i didn't have any other choices.|perhaps we try a different location?
Do you have any cheap chinese restaurants in the centre?|Yes, we have 3. I recommend Golden House.
Great, can I just get the postcode?|Yes, the postcode is cb21eg. Can i assist you further, today?
No, that's all I need today. Thank you.|You're welcome. Enjoy your trip! Goodbye
Is there any expensive seafood restaurant in town?|Yes, there is an upscale seafood restaurant called Loch Fyne which is centrally located.  Would you like me to make a reservation for you?
can i get a booking for 8 people at 19:45 on Friday? send me the reference number.|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Your reference number is : J5Q03QCS. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Yes, I also need a place to stay a 3 star preference and it does not have to have the internet, thanks for your help.|We have just the place. The alpha-milton guest house is a 3 star place that is located in the north. Will that be okay?
No I need a hotel in the West. Can you search again please?|Unfortunately there are no 3-star hotels in the west area.
Are there any hotels that fit that description with free wifi without three stars?|We have just the place. The huntington marriott hotel is a 4 star place with wifi that is located in the west. Will that be okay?
Sure as long as they have free parking as well. Can you give me the address and phone number please?|There is free parking. The phone number is 01480446000, and the address is Kingfisher Way, Hinchinbrook. Will that be all for today?
I also need a taxi booked to commute the two places and need it to get to the restaurant by 19:45|Sure thing! I've booked a yellow Tesla for you. If you need it, the contact number is 07855855225. Is there anything else I can help with today?
I just want to make sure it'll arrive in time for the restaurant reservation at 19:45. Can I get a contact number and type of car the taxi would be?|The car is a yellow Tesla. The contact number is 07855855225.
Thank you very much for all of your help today.|You are welcome very much. Thank you for using our service.
I am looking for a moderate priced restaurant while I am visiting.|Is location a concern?
Yeah, I'd like to stay in the centre of town.|There are over 20 results. Would you like a certain type of food?
Thank you! I don't care what kind of cuisine they serve.|There's a fantastic British restaurant, Restaurant One Seven. Or  if you're interested in Chinese food, Jingling Noodle Bar also has wonderful reviews. Do either of those interest you?
Sure could I get the phone number to Jingling Noodle Bar?|The phone number is 01223566188.  I can book that for you if you'd like.
i am  also looking for places to go in town.|Do you have a specific kind of attraction in mind?
An entertainment venue, I think. Near the restaurant, if possible.|How about museum of archaelogy and anthropology? It's located in the centre as well.
No, let's try a college instead. What do you recommend?|corpus christi is very popular. The phone number is 01223334900 and the entrance fee is free.
Thanks, I also need a taxi between the two places and arrive to the retaurant at 14:45.|The taxi is booked. The car type is blue Volkswagen. The contact number is 07313427234.
Okay, great. Thank you for your help!|Would you like me to reserve it for you?
Uh, you already did. That was all I needed today. Goodbye.|Enjoy your trip!
Hi, can you recommend me a good Asian restaurant? Something not too expensive?|There are two cheap asian restaurants in the centre of town. Would like information for either of those?
Hmm, I don't want to scrape the bottom of the barrel. Maybe something moderate but not too cheap.|The Yippee Noodle Bar would be perfect.  Can I book a table for you?
Yes, that sounds good. Please book for 4 people on Sunday at 11:45.|I'm sorry they aren't available at that time, would you like me to find something else?
How about a different restaurant in the same area that is moderately priced?|I have booked you at the Oak Bistro for 4 people on sunday at 11:45, your reference number is 2CG1XX8Q.  Is there anytihng else that I can assist with?
Nope, that will do it, thanks!|We hope that you have a great time at the Bistro.
Thanks. Good bye.|Thank you for calling. Have a great day.
I'm looking for asian oriental food in expensive range.|There is Saigon City in the north and Kymmoy in the centre. Do either of those interest you?
Yes.  Could you provide the address and phone number for Kymmoy?|Kymmoy is located at 52 Mill Road City Centre and their phone number is 01223311911.  Would you like to book a table?
Yes can you please and send me the reference number?|Yes, I will send the reference number.
I also need a train leaving Peterborough on Wednesday.|Is there any specific time you would like to leave?
yes, I would like to leave after 10:30.|Train TR4535 leaves at 10: 48 and arrives at 11:38. should I book that?
Can you give me the travel time on that?|The travel time is 50 minutes. Can i help with anything else?
That is all I needed today.|Perfect. Glad to have been of service. Thank you for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Have a great day!
I am looking for an expensive restaurants in the west side of town.|fantastic, i have nine options for you
Do any of them serve European food?|cambridge lodge restaurant does.can i book for you?
No, but I'd like the address if you can give it to me.|It is Cambridge Lodge Hotel 139 Huntingdon Road City Centre.
Thanks!  I'll also be needing a place to stay.  A hotel in the south, preferably also in the expensive range.|the lensfield hotel is a 3 stars and is located in the south
no i wanted a 4 star hotel|unfortunately, i don't have anything in that area that has a 4 star rating.
Could you check in the north maybe?|I do not have any in either area. Would you like to change or restate your perimeters? Then I can check again.
Try the west, I meant to say that instead of north.|There is the huntingdon marriott hotel would you like me to book you a room there?
Yes can you book for 8 people, 3 nights, starting from monday?|Booking was successful. Reference number is : NIJ5L29I. May I help with anything else ?
No thank you, that will be all.|Have a good day.
I am looking for a train from kings lynn to cambridge. It should leave after 18:45.|What day do you need to travel?
I'll need to leave on Sunday.|TR4440 is the train that leaves earliest at 19:11
Can you tell me how long the trip will be?|the ride is 47 minutes
What is the cost of a ticket?|The ticket is 9.80 pounds.
I'm also looking for a restaurant in the city centre. Can you tell me of a moderately priced Indian place?|There is no moderately priced Indian restaurant in the centre but there are three cheap places. I would recommend The Gandhi. Would this be OK or do you want somewhere else?
Is there a moderately priced British restaurant then?|Yes.  There are four moderately priced British places in the centre.  Would you like me to recommend one?
Yes and can I get their phone number.|Restaurant one seven is what I would recommend, their phone number is 01223337766
Thank you! That is all.|Thanks for using this service! have a nice day.
ok thanks, byeeee|Have a good day!
I'm looking for a 4 star hotel with free wifi.|Okay, there are a lot of places that might work for you. Do you have a certain area in mind?
Yes, I'd like to stay in the east and also need free parking.|I found 5 hotels for you! The Allenbell looks nice, would you like to book that?
Is the Allenbell a hotel or a guesthouse?|The Allenbell is a low cost guesthouse.
Okay, I don't need any more information about that. I am interested in a restaurant located near the hotel.|There are several restaurants in the east what type of food would you like?
The type of food doesn't matter, but I would like a moderately priced restaurant.|Rajmahal is a nice moderate price restaurant around there serving Indian food. Does that sound good? I would be happy to book a reservation for you.
Great can you make a reservation for 1 person at 19:45 on monday?|It is booked then. Could I try another day or another time?
Can you check to see if they could accommodate me at 18:45 on Monday?  I just need a small table for one.|Your table is reserved. Your reference number is Q2G0OHLC. Can I help you with anything else?
I could also use a taxi that can get me from the Allenbell to Rajmahal. I need to get to the restaurant by 18:45.|I booked you a red tesla taxi, the contact number is 07912598182. Anything else I can help you with?
No, you have done quite a bit for me today.  Thank you for your help.|You're welcome. Good-bye.
I'd like a jamaican restaurant please.|There are no jamaican restaurants, would you care for another type of food?
alright then. how about portuguese?|There are two, Nandos City Centre as well as Nandos in the south part of the city, do you have a preference?
May I have the phone number and address for the south location?|The address is Cambridge Leisure Park Clifton Way, and the phone number is 01223 327908. Can I help you with anything else?
Thank you, goodbye.|Enjoy your meal! Good bye.
Hello, I am looking for a restaurant that serves fusion food.|What price range and area would you like?
I do not care about the price range or area.|I'm sorry. There are no restaurants that serve fusion food in your area.
Ok, how about vietnamese food?|There is thanh binh in the west area at 17 Magdalene Street City Centre, phone number is 01223 362456.
Where in the centre can I dine? I want something expensive.|well then may I suggest kymmoy, they serve asian oriental and that's where I go to dine
Can you recommend a Polish restaurant instead?|Unfortunately, we no longer have any Polish restaurants in town. The only one we had closed last month. Can I find something else for you?
How about one with gastropub food?|There are two options - the backstreet bistro and the slug and lettuce. Do either of those sound good to you?
Yes can you give me the address and phone number of the slug and lettuce?|Sure. I don't have their telephone number but their address is 34 - 35 Green Street.
Thanks! I also need a train arriving at 17:15 on Monday.|Where you be departing from?
I'm departing from Longon Kings Cross.|There is a train that arrives at 16:08. Would you like to book it?
What's the travel time on that train?|The travel time is 51 minutes.
What time does it depart?|51 minutes is the length of the ride, anything else today?
That will be all. Thank you.|The train departs from london kings cross at 15:17. Do you want me to book the train for you?
No. I just need to know the departure time and how long it takes.|It departs at 15:17, and is a 51-minute ride. Can I help you with anything else?
No, that is all for now. Thanks.|You're welcome, have a great day.
I am looking for attractions in the centre.|There are many things to do in the centre is there a type of attraction you are looking for?
Any place would be great.|I can recommend the Cambridge University Botanic Gardens, it's both peaceful and interesting. The entrance fee is 4 pounds. Does that sound like what you're looking for?
That sounds wonderful, what is the address on that?|The Botanic Gardens are located on bateman street.  Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Can I please have the exact address location?|Cambridge University Botanic Gardens is located on bateman street.  Does this help?
Yes, thanks! I also need a table at La Raza, please. Tuesday, 3 people, at 19:00.|I was unable to book that time. Would you like to try another time?
Really?  Can you try one more time?  I really wanted La Raza on Tuesday for 3 people at 19:00.|Unfortunately they are booked at this time. Can I possibly try a little bit earlier or later for you?
Yes, please.|Did you want to try earlier?
It really needs to be 19:00 for 3 people on Tuesday at La Raza. Can you try again please?|La Raza is completely booked at that time, I apologize for the inconvenience. Would you like to try an earlier reservation?
No, I just need the reservation for that time and place.|Is there another time you'd like to try, it is not avaialble.
How about 18:00?|I'm sorry that time is not good either, are you positive you need it for 3 on Tuesday?
Yes, 3 people at 19:00 on Tuesday.  If that doesn't work, I'll just call and book it myself.|Sorry, that was also unsuccessful.
Okay, well, I'll take my chances on availability when I get there.  I also need a taxi to get to the restaurant by 19:00.|And where are you leaving from?
The Botanic Garden at Cambridge University|I was able to book that taxi for you. Be looking for a red Ford. If you need to reach them, their phone number is 07033355721. Anything else for today?
Okay. Thank you very much.|I am happy to have been of assistance. Have a great day. Goodbye.
Hello! I'm looking for the hotel called Cityroomz.  Can you give me some information, please?|Sure.  Cityroomz is located in the centre at sleeperz hotel, station road.
phone number and postcode please and thank you|The phone number is 01223304050 and the postcode is cb12tz.
Thank you for your help.|Can I help with anything else?
Yes, I'd like to find a place to eat in the west area.|Are you interested in a certain cuisine or price range?
Are there any British restaurants in that area?|There are three! Do you prefer moderately priced or expensive?
I do not have a preference on price range.|Okay. Well, I've heard great things about Graffiti. How about that?
That sounds great, do you have a number for Graffiti? What's the price range?|Graffiti's phone number is 01223277977. It's in the expensive price range. Do you want me to make a booking?
No but I do need a taxi and need it at restaurant by 03:15.|Okay, I will do that. Will you be picked up at the hotel?
No, I'll be heading from the restaurant to the hotel.|yellow honda
Contact number	:	07467571080
Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Thats all and thank you.|You are welcome enjoy.
Hello, I am looking for a guesthouse to stay in and I would like it to have free parking.|Does location or price range matter?
No but it would also need free wifi.|We have 21 guesthouses all over Cambridge, I can narrow that down further if you tell me what part of town you're interested in
I need the North part of town|How about the acorn guesthouse?
has it free parking?|Yes, the parking is free.
Can you book it for me and get a reference number ?|Sure can!  What day are you checking in?
i would like to check in on monday at 5:30|How many nights would you like to stay?
monday and I actually meant 17:30 and for 6 people.  Sorry, things are hectic and im a little scatterbrained.|But how many nights are you staying?
Just one please.|Booking was successful. Reference number is : 2JXK0SQ0. Anything else I can help with?
I would like the contact number an car type.|Sure. Where would you like to go to?
I need a taxi from the hotel to the restaurant please.|I can book that for you. What time would you like to leave and what restaurant?
Oh, I seem to have forgotten to ask you about the restaurant. Can you look up Taj Tandoori for me?|Sure, their number is 01223412299
I'd like to book a table at Taj Tandoori for 6 people on Monday at 17:30|I have you booked the reference number is JQ0WQ39K. What else can I do for you?
I'll also need a taxi.|Where are you going?
I need to commute between the guesthouse and the restaurant. Make sure it arrives by the booked time and send me the contact number and car type please.|You are set, look for a white tesla, contact number is 	07013573051, any other questions?
No, that's all for today. Thank you for all your help. Have a great day!|You're welcome! Have a great day.
I will be in Cambridge during Bastille day, can you help me find a French themed restaurant in the centre?|Sure, there is a place called Cote there.  Would you like me to book you a table?
Yes, please for 3 people on Tuesday|What time will you be coming in?
18:00 on tuesday.|I have made your reservation for Tuesday at 18:00 for 3 at Cote restaurant. Your reference number is YV2SMH6M.
I am looking for a cheap restaurant in the west part of town.|There are 2 restaurants in the west part of town in the cheap price range. Would you like Italian or Vietnamese food?
Italian please! Can you book a table for me for 3 people? At 12:00 on Saturday?|I was successfully able to book you a table for 3 at 12:00 at la margherita. Your reference number is 9HCUDTJK. Would you like the address of the restaurant?
No, that will be all. Thanks.|You're welcome, enjoy your meal!
Need a certain restaurant called stazione restaurant and coffee bar.|Wonderful! That restaurant is located at Market Hill City Centre, and the telephone number is 01223352607. Can I help you with anything else?
Yeah can you book me a table for 3 on Thursday?|What time would you like to make the reservation for?
15:00 on thursday, please.|Great I was able to get your table, reference number is 41SZJZMV. Make sure you arrive on time they will only hold the table for 15 minutes.
ok i am also looking for a train on the same day as the sestaurant booking and should arrive by 09:15 should go to cambridge and depart from ely|There are two trains to choose from, one departing at 05:35 and the other 07:35, do you have a preference?
Can I get the price and travel time for the 7:35 departure?|Sure! The fare is 4.40 GBP per person, and it's a short, 17-minute ride.
Can you book it for me?|I certainly can. How many tickets would you like?
I would like a reservation for 3 people please.  I would like a reference number.|Your tickets are booked.  The reference number is XVS0713S.  Can I do anything else for you?
Nope, thanks for your help. Goodbye.|Perfect!  I hope that you enjoy your travels and please feel free to contact us again if you need anything.  Goodbye!
I need a restaurant|In what part of town?
East and expensive|There are several restaurant matches in this area. Would you like British, Indian, Gastropub, or Chinese?
address and phone number for the chinese restaurant|Here you go, 01223 248882, 529 Newmarket Road Fen Ditton. Anything else today?
No, This is it. Thank you|Wait. How about that British restaurant? Where is it located?
Is there a welsh restaurant in the north part of town?|i am sorry no welsh restaurants in the north part of town.
thank you, good bye.|thank you good bye
I'm looking for a place to dine that serves welsh food.|There are none in the area that serves Welsh food, would you like to look for another type of cuisine?
Is there one that serves Italian food?|There are 15 italian restaurants. Do you have preference in food price or area?
I'd like a moderate price range, please.|I have 5 moderately priced Italian restaurants.  Do you have a preference on area, they are spread around the east, west, south, and centre.
I don't have an area preference, but I would like to book a table for 6 people at 16:45 on wednesday.|You are booked into Prezzo which is moderately priced on the west side. Your reference number is G2FIPHUL. Is there anything else?
I am also looking for a place to go, anything with architecture.|I have found 5 attractions. They are all in the centre. Would you like to visit all saints church?
That sounds great to me. Can I get the phone number, postcode, and area please?|Sure!  The phone number is 01223452587, the postcode is cb58bs, and that is in the centre area.
Great!  I think you've covered it all.  I don't need anything else.  Thank you!|You're quite welcome. Just let us know if you need any further assistance. Have a great day!
I am travelling to Cambridge, soon, and would like to gather some information on local tourist attractions.|Great, I can definitely help you with that. Did you have a particular type of attraction or area of town you were looking for?
Actually, I have heard about the great local restaurants. I am looking for something in the moderate price range.|The are 31 restaurants with a moderate price range.   Is there a preference for area and cuisine type?
The restaurant should be in the centre. should serve asian oriental food. please Make sure you get phone number and postcode.|Yippee Noodle bar is an Asian Oriental restaurant in the Centre that I recommend.  Located at 40428 King street centre postcode cb11lh.  Would you like a reservation?
Yes I would like a reservation on Tuesday for 18:00 for 3 people.|Your reservation has been booked.
Thanks, do you have reference number and phone number? I also need some information on multiple sports places in the same area.|The reference number is not available but the phone number is 01223518111. If you're looking for sports places the cherry hinton village centre will work.
Is that in the center of town?|Yes it is in the centre of town
Are there any restaurants that serve international food?|The Missing Sock serves international food on the east side, and is cheap. Should I book a table?
I'd prefer something in the centre of town if that's an option.|The varsity restaurant and bloomsbury restaurant are both located in the centre of town.
Bloomsbury sounds nice. Can you book a table for 5 people at 12:15 on Wednesday?|Alright you're all booked. Would you like the reference number?
Yes please. Could I have it?|Of course.  It's VB3GHYNL.  Anything else?
That's all I need. Thanks so much for your help.|Have a great day!
Can you help me find some place to go in town where I can find some entertainment? Thanks.|My computer is showing five possibles for you. Do you have a specific part of town you will be in?
No, I could go anywhere. What are my choices?|I have five places. Is there an area or a specific name you would like to know about?
No, just recommend one for me , please|I would recommend Nusha on the south side, they are at unit g6, cambridge leisure park, clifton road, cb17dy, any other questions?
Thank you for the recommendation. Is there an entrance fee at Nusha?|The entrance fee per person is not available online. Is there any other info I can provide?
yeah i want info about a particular restaurant|Sure thing what kind of food?
I'm looking for the ugly duckling.|What information do you require about that place?
I just need to know the area, phone number and postcode, please.|Uglyl Duckling is in the centre of town. Their post code is cb21tw and their phone number is not listed. Is there anything further?
No that will be all, thank you very much.|Thank you for using our services. Have we met all of your needs today?
Yes, thanks a lot!|You're very welcome. Please contact us again, if we can be of further assistance. Good-bye.
Can you help me find a very expensive place to eat that serves crossover food?|I'm sorry but there are no restaurants that serve crossover food. Would you like to choose something different?
How about an Indian restaurant?|We love our indian food in cambridge, there are 14 restaurants to choose from.  Did you have a location in mind to help narrow it down?
I would like an expensive Indian restaurant in Cambridge please, the area is not important.|I recommend The Golden Curry in the centre. Would you like me to book a table for you there?
No at this time. I'm also looking for attractions in the centre area.|What interests you: museums, architecture, theater, cinema?
I enjoy all of those. Could you make me a recommendation?|If you would like a suggestion, there is a nightclub called the Club Salsa that is always a very popular venue in the centre of town. Would you like more info?
No, anything but a night club.  What else can you recommend in the centre area?|How about scudamores punting co, it's a gorgeous boat. Address is granta place, mill lane, postcodecb21rs, phone number 01223359750.
Thank you. I will need a taxi to get from the restaurant to the boat. Can you book that for me?|What time would you like to leave and arrive?
I would like to leave by 24:30.|Okay, I've booked you a grey volkswagen and the contact number is 07525319116. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
That will be all, thank you for your help. Have a great day!|My pleasure, enjoy your stay!
Hi I need to find a restaurant in the Centre part of Cambridge that falls in the moderate price range, can you give me some suggestions please.|There are several Italian, European, and Chinese restaurants in that area, would you like one of those options?
A reservation at any will do. Please reserve a table for 3 at 19:15 on sunday.|Lan hong house would be a good choice for Chinese. I will book that for you. Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Reference number is : US2BCO6D.
I am looking for a place to stay in an expensive price range. I don't need any free parking.|I have 5 hotels in the expensive price range, would you like to stay in a particular area of town?
I don't care about the area, I just want it to be a hotel type and not a guesthouse.|Great, both university arms hotel, and huntingdon marriott hotel are four stars. Can I book one of these for you?
Book the Huntingdon Marriott please.|Certainly, I'll just need the arrival and departure date as well as how many people will be staying.
Arriving on Saturday and departing on Monday, please, for two adults. I'll also need the phone number, postcode, and internet availability with my confirmation number, please.|The phone number is--01480446000 The postcode is--pe296fl. Yes internet is available.
Great, thanks a lot for your help!|Thank you for using our system!
I need suggestions for a moderately priced restaurant in the center part of town. Can you help me?|There are 21 matches. What type of food do you want?
We're willing to experiment.  I have 7 people.  Anything you recommend?|There is a British restaurant named cotto that you may want to try.
Okay, let's go with that one. I need a table for 7 at 19:15 on Saturday.|You're all set! Your reference number is XDENSO4L. Do you need anything else?
Yes, if you could also help me find a train that will depart from Peterborough.|Sure, we have a lot of trains. Where are you heading to?
I will be heading to Ely.|There don't seem to be any trains going to Ely from Peterborough.
Wait, what? Are you serious?|Yes, very serious. I'm not sure why but it appears all of those trains have been cancelled.
I think we got some crossed wires. I need the train from peterborough to cambridge. I need it for Saturday.|there is a train that leaves at 05:19 am.
Okay, please book the train for 7 people on Saturday.|Do you have a specific departure time or arrival time in mind before I book the train?
Yes, I just need to arrive by 12:15.|There are 13 trains that would get you to Cambridge by 12:15. Train TR8494 would arrive at 12:09. Would you like me to book a seat for you?
Yes, please book that for 7 people.|Your total is 92.4 GBP, which you can pay at the station when you pick up the tickets. Your Reference number is : DWZ3T4RK.
Thanks for the help, that's all for now.|You're welcome, glad I could help.
Hello I am seeking a restaurant in the west side of Cambridge to eat at. Please only suggest expensive places.|There are 9 matches. Do you have a food preference?
I would like to eat British food.|I suggest Graffiti. Would you like a table there?
Yes, please.  I need a table for 7 at 15:30 on Monday.|I was able to book a table for 7 at 15:30 on Monday.  Your confirmation number is C1555WJL.  Can I help you with anything else?
Yes, I need a place to stay.  Something that is expensive and has free wifi.|There are 5 expensive hotels with free wifi. Do you have a preference of area?
I'm not really set on an area, however, please make sure that they are a 4 star hotel with free parking.|Then I suggest  the huntingdon marriott hotel. It is on kingfisher way, hinchinbrook business park, huntingdon. Would you like for me too book it?
Yes please.  Book it for he same group of people and 3 nights starting from the same day.|Booking was successful. Reference number is: VJ7YQQS7. Is there anything else I can help you with?
i also want a taxi to get to the hotel after the restaurant|When would you like to leave the restaurant?
Wait, I want it to go to the restaurant by 15:30.|Booking completed!
Booked car type	:	black volvo
Contact number	:	07237462964
Thank you so much for all the help!|Thank you for contacting the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Goodbye
I am looking for activities tomorrow within the town.|Great!  There are lots of things to do here! Did you have a certain activity in mind?
No, I was hoping to get some suggestions for places near the center of town.|I have a lot of options for you, what are you interested in - for example, architecture, museums, entertainment venues, churches?
How about a church? Are there any with free admission?|I'm afraid I don't have any churches in my directory. Is there something else you'd like? There are a number of free museums.
Sure, can you recommend me one?|How about the Museum of Archaeology and Anthropology?
That sounds great! Can I get their address and phone? And is there a fee to get in?|Of course. It's free to get in. The phone number is 0122333516 and their address is University of Cambridge, Downing Street.
Thanks. I also need to find a cheap restaurant in the same area.|i have 15 cheap restaurants in the centre of town. what type of cuisine would you like?
Hmmm...malaysian is sounding pretty good right now.|I'm sorry, there are no Malaysian restaurants in the center of town. Would you like to choose a different type of food?
how about italian, book a table for 5 at 11:30 on tuesday, and I need the reference number|I have booked a table for you at Ask and your reference number is X9V8FWH8.
Thank you for your help that's all I need today.|Great if you need further assistance, you can always contact us.
I would like to make a reservation at the shanghai family restaurant in cambridge|How many people would you like to make a reservation for, and what day and time were you looking at?
I would like to get the phone number and area please|The phone number is 01223301761. How many people would you like to make a reservation for, and what day and time were you looking at?
No reservation necessary, just let me know what area of town its in and I'll do the rest.|The shanghai family restaurant is located in the centre.  Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Hello I am looking for a hotel on the west side of town. I'm not picky about wi-fi.|I have two hotel that match your criteria.  Do you have a price range?
I don't have a price range at this time, but I am wanting to stay in a guesthouse.|Hobsons House may suit your needs, it is a guesthouse located in the West with a moderate price point. Would you like more information?
Yes please I would welcome that.|Would you like me to book it?
Does the Hosons offer free wifi? If so I would like to book it|yes it got wifi. how many people do i book for?
Book for 2 people, 5 nights, and we will arrive on Thursday.|Booked! Reference number: MP53R6QP.
We are looking for an expensive panasian restaurant and prefer it to be in the same area as the hotel. Any suggestions?|I'm sorry but there does not seem to be any expensive panasian restaurants located on the west side.  Would you like to try to search for something else?
Yes, could you see if there are any restaurants that serve French food?|I have two French restaurants in town. Both are expensive. One is in the north, and the other is in the centre of town. Which would you like?
Either one is fine I need a reservation for 2 on Thursday at 12:30.|i booked the one in the north. Reference number is : WSIGR4PK.
Thank you, that's all I needed.|Have a nice day.
I'm looking for British food. I want the restaurant to be in the town centre.|Sure, there are quite a few British restaurants in the centre. Would you prefer something expensive or moderately priced?
It doesn't matter. Please give me the phone number to the restaurant you choose.|How about The Copper Kettle? The phone number is 01223365068.
Perfect, thank you very much for your help|Welcome. Anything else I can help you with?
No, I look forward to dining at the Copper Kettle. Thank you. Goodbye.|thank you for using our system, enjoy.
Find me a moderately priced french restaurant|Sorry, I couldn't find any restaurants that match that.
What about an Indian restaurant in the same price range?|That I can do. There are four restaurants available that meet the criteria. I'd recommend Meghna. Would you like to book a table?
No thank you that will be all|You're very welcome. Have a great day!
Actually, I'm also looking for a train. I'll need it to go to Cambridge on Sunday.|there is a train leaving london kings cross at 05:17.
I'm looking for one that arrives by 16:15, ideally.|Train ID TR6578 will be perfect for you. It will be arriving Cambridge from london liverpool street by 15:07 except if you do not want to depart from london liverpool street.
perfect book for 5 people|Booking was successful, the total fee is 66.39 GBP payable at the station .
Reference number is : GAZ4RCN9.
Thank you that is all I need.|Ok great, have a wonderful day.
I am in Cambridge and would like to try the restaurant City Stop Restaurant.|Would you like me to make a booking for you?
Could you? That would be great. I would love a table for 7 on Saturday at 17:45 please.|Great! I've booked it for you. Your reference number is RSD4T8NR.
Thanks. I also want to find a college in the center to visit.|We have several colleges in the centre area to choose from.  Would you like information on one with no entrance fee?
Yes please. Could you make sure I get the postcode?|christ's college	postcode is cb23bu
Thank you, that is all that I needed. Have a great day!|You're very welcome! You have a great day too!
Hello, are there any centrally located hotels in Cambridge with free parking?|There are a few hotels that meet your criteria. Would you be interested in the Alexander Bed and Breakfast? It has four stars with cheap prices.
The hotel should be in the expensive price range.|There are 2 hotels in the expensive price range. One has 3 stars and one has 4 stars.
Let's go with the 4 star option. I'd like to book it for two people and three nights starting from thursday.|Booking was unsuccessful. Would you like to book another day or a shorter day?
Please try to book a 1 night stay.|The booking was successful at the University Arms Hotel. Your reference number is: E7AK16IK. Would you like the phone number?
I also need a restaurant the restaurant should be in the expensive price range and serve north american food.|The only result in your area meeting that criteria is Gourmet Burger Kitchen in centre. Would you like me to book a table for you?
Yes please book the restaurant for me.|Not a problem. For what time and day will that be for?
I changed my mind. I will go ahead and book it myself. But, can you please provide me the address and postcode. Thanks.|Gourmet Burger Kitchen is located at Regent Street City Centre, cb21ab. Can I help with anything else today?
Could you book me a taxi please? I would like to leave the restuarant at 20:15 and go back to the hotel.|I have successfully booked you a taxi! You will be driven in a Black Toyota and the contact number is 07914565807. Can I help you with anything else?
No, that's all I need. Thank you for your help!|No problem. You have a good day now!
I'm looking for a restaurant on the North end that serves yummy Chinese food|We have three places, but I like the hotpot.  Do you need a reservation?
Could you tell me the price range first? and the postcode? for the hotpot?|The Hotpot is a moderately priced restaurant. Their post code is cb41ep.
Great can you help me get a train from cambridge to broxbourne?|There are 133 trains that match that trip. To narrow it down, I need to know what day you'll be traveling and when you want to arrive by.
I will be traveling on Wednesday and I would need to arrive in Broxbourne by 21:15.|I have train TR5256 that leaves at 20:01 and arrives in Broxbourne at 21:01. Would that work for you?
That would be great.  I'm traveling alone so just one seat please.|Great. I have booked one ticket on TR5256 to broxbourne. The cost will be 17.89 GBP and your reference number is O9VNFTK9.
Thanks! That's all I needed today. You've been a great help!|You're welcome!  Enjoy your travels.
Yes, I am looking for a place to stay. It should be a guest house.|Thank you.  There are many guesthouses to choose from.  What is your price range and what area would you like?
I'm looking in the moderate price range and should be located in the centre.|I am not showing any guesthouse in the centre area in your price range. Would you like to try another type of hotel or area?
What is available in the centre?|We don't have any guest houses in the centre. How about a hotel? Or an expensive one?
Lets try a hotel instead.|The Cityroomz hotel is in the moderate price range and in the centre. It also has internet. Would you like me to make a reservation for you?
No just the postcode and phone number will be fine. I need to find a french restaurant in the centre as well.|The postcode is cb12tz and the phone number is 01223304050.
I need a french restaurant in the same area as well.|There's one restaurant called Cote, but it's expensive. Would this be fine?
Yes and can I get the phone number please.|The phone number is 01223311053.
Thank you, that is all for today. Goodbye.|Thank you for contacting Cambridge TownInfo centre. Goodbye!
I'm looking for an attraction in the centre of town.|There are 44 attractions that fit your criteria. Are you looking to visit a specific type of attraction?
I'd love to visit a park, especially a botanical garden if one is in that area!|Cambridge University Botanic Gardens is located in town centre. Would you like more information?
Yes, may I have their phone number please? I'd also love to eat at a Malaysian place near the park. Any ideas?|Unfortunately there are no restaurants that match that description. Could you like to try other food types?
No, thanks for helping. Goodbye!|Okay well please call back if you change your mind.
Hi, I would love to try a Mediterranean restaurant. Do you have any suggestions?|There are three options, the gardenia which is cheap in price range, along with la mimosa and shiraz restaurant which is expensive.  Ant preference?
I would prefer expensive and I'm looking to reserve a table for 1 at 17:00 on Sunday, please.|I can get those reservations for you at la mimosa. Would you like me to make the reservation?
Yes, I need a table for 1 at 17:00 on Sunday.|Unfortunately, that time slot is unavailable. Can I try a different time for you?
Okay, would 16:00 be a better time on Sunday?|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : B1TRUT9Y.
I would like to book a taxi to commute between the two places.|Your taxi has been booked. The contact number is 07330545456. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Can you confirm the time that taxi was booked?  I need it to arrive at the restaurant by 16:00.|I have confirmed that the taxi will arrive at La Mimosa at 16:00. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
I just need to know what type of car you booked for the taxi.|It is a red honda, and their phone number is 07330545456
Will it arrive at the restaurant by the booked time?|Correct. Everything is set.
ok, that's all I needed, thank you.|You're welcome, have a nice day.
What is that european food place's address?|I found several places serving European food.  Do you have a preference as to the location?
No, any part of town is fine.|Cambridge Lodge Restaurant serves European food and is located at Cambridge Lodge Hotel 139 Huntingdon Road City Centre.
Thank you, goodbye.|Have a great day and enjoy your food.
Can you find me an italian restaurant in the centre?|Sure, there are 9 restaurants to choose from. Did you have a price range in mind?
I'm looking for something on the cheap side, please, although I'd like to get good value for the money.|There are three Italian restaurants in the center in the cheap range. They are pizza hut city centre, ask, and zizzi Cambridge. Which do you prefer?
Any of them will be fine. As long as it's cheap. I need a table for 4 on monday at 12:15 please.|I would recommend ask as it is a nice place.
Yes, please book ask for 4 people at 12:15 on monday.|I'm sorry but I couldn't book you there. How about another restaurant?
Yes please, same price range as before.|Okay I was able to get you into the Zizzi Cambridge and your reference number is GI0FZMKL.
Okay thank you very much for your help.|You are welcome. Enjoy your lunch.
Thank you. I will.|Okay. Don't hesitate to call us if you need anything else.
Yes, I am looking for a cheap restaurant in the south.  Can you tell me what you have?|Sure. There is a Chinese Restaurant and a Portuguese Restaurant. Would you like me to book one for you?
Does this restaurant serve fusion food?|No, I'm sorry.  Either Chinese or Portuguese.
That's disappointing. Can you tell me about the Chinese restaurant?|It's called The Lucky Star. It's at Cambridge Leisure Park Clifton Way Cherry Hinton.
Great can you book it for 1 person at 17:15 on saturday?|It isn't available.  Shall I try the Portuguese restaurant?
Yes, that would be fine, thanks.|Your table will be waiting for you. Your reference number is 6U8PG73H.
Thank you for you help. That is all I need.|Great! Thank you for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Have a wonderful day!
I am looking for fitzbillies in Cambridge.|There is a fitzbillies restaurant at this address: 51 Trumpington Street City Centre.
Awesome. What price range is that in?|it offers British food and it is expensive
What area is that in?|The restaurant is located in the centre, would you like me to book you a table?
Don't book it but can you send me their full contact info?  Thanks.|Here is the phone number 01223352500.
Thanks, I'm also looking for a place to stay in the north area with wifi.|Sure.  Were you looking for a specific price range?
Yes cheap please.|There are two guesthouses,in the north, in the cheap price range. Both have wifi and parking. One is 4 stars. The other is 0 stars.
Book 4 star one. For 5 people, 3 nights, Tuesday.|Okay. Your booking at the Worth House was successful. The reference number is 6Z40CANO. Can I help with anything else today?
Nope thats everything thanks|Thank you enjoy the stay in cambridge.
I'm looking for somewhere to eat in the centre part of town, somewhere nice, price is no object.|There are quite a few restaurants. What cuisine would you like?
I would like the restaurant to have Indian food.|How about Curry garden? It looks great.
That sounds good.  I would like to book a table for 2 people on Friday at 17:15.|Sorry, the restaurant can't accomodate you. Want to try another day or time?
I will get back to you. Thank you for the help.|You're welcome. I look forward to when you call us again.
Okay, until then. Have a good one, goodbye.|Have a great day. Goodbye.
I'm looking for a Mexican restaurant with expensive food.|Chiquito Restaurant Bar is very good.  Would you like a table?
Is that in the south area of town?|Yes. Shall I book it?
Yes, could you please book me a table for 5 at 14:30 on Friday?|I've made those reservations and your reference number are  OZZGLCVB.
Thank you. That's all I need today!|Okay I am glad I could be of help. Thank you for calling.
Hey, wait,  just a second! I just remembered, I need a place to stay with 4 stars, preferably a hotel.|There are 3 places available. Do you have an area in mind?
No, I don't have a preference. I'd just like it to be expensive, please?|i have 2 places. the huntingdon marriott hotel and the university arms hotel. which would you like?
i will go with the first. book for the same group of people and 2 nights starting from the same day|Booking was successful. Reference number is : Y79YGBO7. Anything else I can help with?
Thanks have a nice day.|Thanks, you too.
I need 3 rooms for  nights in a cheap hotel|I can certainly help you with that. What area of town would you like to stay in?
I'm actually looking for an expensive north African restaurant.|There are none, can I find you find you anything else?
What about chinese food?|There are several options for chinese food. Is there a particular area that you would prefer?
No.  Just pick one.  I need a table for 4 at 16:30 on Thursday.  I need the reference number.  Also, I need a museum in the centre.|I've booked a table for you at Ugly Duckling located at 12 St. Johns Street City Centre. Your reference number is 5VYTXWH4. Can I help you with anything else?
Yes, thanks.  I am looking for a museum in the centre of town.  What would you recommend?|There are lots of museums in the centre. Did you have a particular one in mind?
No is there one you could recommend?|Sure I personally like the primavera.
I'd like to get some additional information on this museum. May I have the phone number and postcode, please?|The phone number is 01223357708  and the postcode is cb21sj. May I help with something else?
I would also like to book a taxi traveling between the two location.|Ok, which direction and what time?
i want it to go to my restaurant by 16:30|Booking completed!
Booked car type	:	black audi
Contact number	:	07792008199
Can I help you with anything else today?
No. Thanks. All set.|Okay, have a great day.
Hi, I'm going to be visiting soon, and I am interested in trying a restaruant called Curry Prince.  Could you give me more information about it?|Yes it's an Indian restaurant in the east at the moderate price range. Would you like the address and phone number?
No but I would like to make a booking for 5 people at 18:30 on sunday.|No problem! I got that booked for your party of five. The reference number is JVGYC33Y. Do you need anything else?
I am also looking for a train.  It should should depart from London Kings Cross and should be on the same day.|I have several trains available.  What is your destination and preferred time of departure and arrival?
The train should go to cambridge and should arrive by 15:00,can you book it for me ?|Is there a time you would like to leave by?
No I just need to make sure I get there by 15:00. I will need the train ID and departure time please.|There is a train leaving at 13:17.  Would you like me to book the train for you?
I just need the train's departure time and ID.|Okay, the TR1688 leaves at 13:17.
OKay perfect do you think you could book that for me please?|Ok I will book it for you
i am looking for a place to eat. The restaurant should be in the north and should serve indian food.|I am showing 2. The nirala which is moderate priced and the royal spice which is cheap. Would you like to book one of them?
We are wanting to save money for the rest of the sights in town, so let's go with the cheaper one. Can you tell me about it?|Sure, the Royal Spice is located on Victoria Avenue, Chesteron and the post code is cb41eh.
Can you please make a reservation for me? It needs to be for 3 people at 14:45 on Friday.|Your booking was successful. Your table will be reserved for 15 minutes. The reference number is 0MRW9QAM.
Thank you very much.|Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
Yeah, I also wanted to find a park to visit in the north.|milton country park is in the north and it is free to visit.
That's great thank you!|Can I help you with anything else?
What is the address and postcode of the park?|Milton country park is located at milton country park, milton, postcode cb46az, phone 01223420060. Is there anything else you need today?
I also need a taxi between the two.|Tell me where your departure and destination sites will be.
I need a taxi from the park going to the restaurant. I'd like to arrive before my dinner reservation, if at all possible.|Booking completed!
Booked car type	:	black audi
Contact number	:	07283412603
Sweet, that's all I need today.|Wonderful! Thanks for contacting the cambridge towninfo centre and take care!
Greetings, I'm looking for a Chinese restaurant to take some clients.|Yu Garden is in the East and expensive. Charlie Chan is Centre and cheap. Also, Jinling Noodle Bar, in Centre, which is moderately priced.
Yu Garden sounds perfect.  Can you reserve a table for 3 for me?  We will be there on Saturday at 14:45.|I will be happy to reserve a table for three for you for Saturday at 14:45. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I will need the reference number for our reservation please.|You are all set for Saturday at 14:45.  The reference number is WH1FANWJ.  Enjoy your meal!
I also need a 0 star room, and I will need wifi to be free too.|city centre north b and b ill be perfect for you. Shall i book it ?
I will need a room for 4 people and it must be for 4 nights. Can you book a taxi to take me to Yu Garden. I need free parking. Thanks.|City centre north b and b has free parking and wifi. What day would you like your reservations to start?
I want my booking at the b and b to start on saturday|The booking was successful.  Your reference number is 25P0F6NG.  You mentioned you would also need a taxi?
Yes, please. I need to make sure I get from the B&B to the restaurant for that reservation.|Your taxi will be a yellow audi
Contact number	:	07845910981 Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Thank you for your help. That is all for today.|Thanks for letting us help, enjoy your trip!
Thank you and goodbye!|You are welcome. Thanks for using Cambridge TownInfo centre. Goodbye.
I need to book a room at alexander bed and breakfast and also what restaurants are near there ?|Let first take care of your room reservation. What days would you like to book your room?  I will check for availability.
Could I please get the address, hotel type, and phone number first?|It is located at 56 saint barnabas road, it is a guesthouse, and the phone number is 01223525725.
Great ty so much. I was wondering if you can help me find a place to eat that serves Italian in the north?|There is one place, shall I book it for you?
Is that restaurant in the cheap price range?|Yes, it is Da Vinci Pizzeria and is located at 20 Milton Road Chesterton. Is there anything else you need?
i  need to book for 1 people at 13:45 on sunday. remember the reference number please|I have your table reserved. Your reservation number is QYB6YHUQ.
Thank you, goodbye.|Was there anything else you needed today?
Hello, I heard Cambridge has some really awesome Indian restaurants so I'd love to try one of them please. An expensive one.|I have a number of indian restaurants available, do you want to go to a particular area of town?
I would love to dine in the west.|One of the best Indian restaurants in all of Cambridge - Tandoori Palace - is in the west. Would you like to book a table there?
Yes, for 6 at 13:00 on tuesday. Thank you.|Your reference number is 991XH2UA. Do you need anything else?
I need a hotel in the expensive price range with a star of 3|I have two such hotels, one in the center and one in the south. Do yo have a preference?
I prefer something with free wifi. I don't want to stay in a guesthouse and prefer a hotel.|great, there is the gonville hotel and the lensfield hotel. in the centre and south respectively.
Do those hotels have free parking?|Both of the hotels have free parking.
Thank you. That's all I need.|May I further help you with booking?
no that is enough for today|Enjoy your visit to Cambridge
Is there anything interesting to see in the centre of town?|In addition to architecture, colleges, and museums, we also have boat attractions, nightclubs, and theatres in the centre.
I would be interested in seeing some interesting architecture.|There are a few places, mainly churches, that have great architecture. Do you want information on any of those?
No thank you though.  I would like information on greek restaurants that would be in the same area as the churches you suggested, please?|there is no greek restaurant in the  centre. can we change the location?
Well, how about African food?|Bedouin is an expensive serving african food in the centre of town.
That sounds good, can you book 2 people at 13:30 on Tuesday.|Booking was successful. Reference number is : IA596HSH.  Is there anything else I can do for you?
Yes, I'll also need a taxi to commute between the two places. I'll need to be at the restaurant by 13:30, of course.|Okay and where do you need the taxi to pick you up?
I need it to arrive before the 13:30 at the restaurant.  Can you give me a contact number and the car type that will pick me up?|I can do that. I'm sorry, but can you clarify your departure site? It appears it would be a location in the centre?
You're right. I forgot to select an architectural sight that I wanted to visit. Could you suggest one in the city centre.|Sure thing. I would suggest the old schools.
That sounds good, can you book the taxi from there to the restaurant?|Booking completed!
Booked car type	:	grey bmw
Contact number	:	07935848087
thanks that's all i need|Can I assist you with anything further, today?
That's all I need, thanks so much for all of your help! Have a great day!|Thank you, you too.
Hi there, I'd like to find a good place to eat in the city centre tonight, but I'm looking for somewhere cheap. Have you any good recommendations?|Absolutely! I have about 15 restaurants that are in that area and price range. Can you tell me what type of food you might be trying?
You know, I'd really like to try north african food.|I am sorry, but there are no cheap restaurants in the centre serving north african food. Would you like to keep searching for another type?
How about some chinese food?|There are three restaurants, Charlie Chan, Rice House, and Golden House. Would you like to book a table at one of them?
How about Rice House? I'd like to book a table for two at 19:00 on Monday.|Fantastic! Your table is booked for Rice House at 19:00 on Monday, and the reference number is T0NP4V1O. Is there anything else you need help with?
Can i also book a train to Cambridge?|There are a number of trains that can get you to cambridge. Where are you leaving from?
I'll be leaving from kings lynn on Monday.|What are you preferred arrival and departure times?
The train should depart on Monday from Kings Lynn for two people.  Please give me my reference number too.  Thanks!|Your train has been booked for 2, leaving at 5:11. Reference number VZNMSR6M. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No that's it, thank you!|You're welcome, I'm glad to help. Goodbye!
Hello, I am looking for a moderately priced restaurant that serves basque food.|I'm sorry, there are no restaurants matching your request.  Would you like to try something else?
How about british food?|There are several moderately priced restaurants that serve British food.  Do you prefer a particular area of town?
I don't care. Give me their phone number.|Cotto is a moderately priced restaurant in the city centre that serves British food. Would you like the phone number?
Yes, please.|The phone number for Cotto is 01223 302010. Do you need any further assistance?
Nope! Thank you, goodbye.|Thank you. Good bye.
Are there any good Scottish restaurants in the centre?|I'm sorry I have no results for a scottish restaurant in the centre area. Is there another type of cuisine you'd like to try for?
How about italian food?|I have several in the area, is there a price range you prefer?
It doesn't matter. I need to know what the price range is though, postcode and phone number too please|My favorite is Stazione. It's an expensive place located in postcode cb23nj. Their phone number is 01223352607. Can I help you with anything else today?
Yes, I also need a place to stay, free parking is not required, I would prefer a 0 star rating.|Cityroomz is a 0 star hotel in the centre with no parking available.  It is moderately priced.  Would you like me to make a reservation for you?
Is this hotel in the same area as the restaurant?|Yes they are both located in the centre. Would you like a reservation?
That won't be necessary. I need the price range and postcode.|Cityroomz is a moderate priced offering and the postcode is cb12tz.  Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No, everything I asked of you has been met. Thank you.|You're welcome, have a nice day.
Thank you very much, you too.|Your are very welcome! Enjoy your stay here.
Thanks for all your help.  Goodbye!|Thank you for contacting Cambridge TownInfo Centre, have a great day!
I am looking for information in Cambridge|You have come to the right place!  What can I do for you?
I'm hoping to find somewhere expensive to dine in the south|I have 2 chinese places, an indian, an italian and a mexican place that fit that description. What type of food are you in the mood for?
I am looking for chinese please.|There are two choices: Peking restaurant or the good luck Chinese food takeaway. Which one appeals to you?
you can choose and then book it for me for 7 people on saturday at 12:45. and tell me the reference number|the search returned two restaurants for booking, choosing peking
I am looking for a restaurant that servers modern european food.|There are 5 restaurants that serve modern European food, all located in the centre area. Did you have a particular price range in mind?
The restaurant should be in the moderate price range.|The Riverside Brasserie and De Luca Cucina and Bar are both in the moderate price range. Do you have a preference?
Can  you give me the contact information for The Riverside Brasserie?|Certainly. They are located at Doubletree by Hilton Cambridge Granta Place Mill Lane, phone number 01223259988.
Great, thank you.  Are there any colleges in town?|There are 18, actually! Is there a certain area you'd like to check?
Check the centre, can I get the phone number, entrance fee, and postcode of one?|Christ's College is free. The phone number is 01223334900 and the postcode is cb23u.
Thank you. I would also like to book a taxi to commute between the two places.|I'd be happy to help you. Which place will you be departing from? I will also need to know the time you'd like to leave.
I will be departing from Christ's College and need to leave by 06:15 please.|Thank you! Your car is a grey lexus and the contact number is 07248267753.
Hi, I am trying to find a restaurant serving Italian cuisine, something expensive please. What would you suggest?|i suggest stazione restaurant and coffee bar	italian	centre	expensive	01223352607	cb23nj	Market Hill City Centre
What area is that in please? The format you sent that in is very confusing.|That is in the centre of the city.
Okay thank you for the help.|Thanks for using our services. Can I help with anything else?
No that was all, goodbye.|Have a great day.
I would like a moderately priced restaurant that serves creative food.|There are no results matching your query. Would you like to change your query?
Yes. How about a restaurant that serves European food?|De Luca Cucina and Bar is moderately priced and serves modern European food.
That sounds good, can I have the address and postcode please.|the address is 83 Regent Street, postcode is C.B 2, 1 A.W.
I'd like to find an expensive restaurant that serves venetian food.|There is not matching places that fits your request. Can i help you with something else?
Are there any Asian Oriental restaurants in that price range?|Yes. Kymmoy is an expensive restaurant serving asian oriental food in the centre part of town.
Thank you.  May I have their phone number?|Their number is 01223 311911. Will that be all today?
Yes, thank you.|Thank You good bye
Are there any British restaurant that serve moderate priced food?|There are 5 available. Do you prefer the area of centre or west?
I don't care, just local.|Saint johns chop house is a moderately priced British restaurant in the west of town.
Could you book a table for 8 at 19:45 on Tuesday?|I  found this restaurant. This is at 4 Kings Parade City Centre.
Thank you. Could you book a table for 8 on 19:45 on Tuesday?|Absolutely! Your reference number is T4M08E7A. Anything else I can do for you?
I am looking for a place to stay. Is there a guesthouse-type hotel in the west that has free parking? It doesn't need to include internet.|We have 21 entries that match that criteria. Do you have a further preference?
As long as I can book it for eight people I do not have a preference otherwise|Alright. Let's just try to narrow it down a bit. Does the price range matter?
The price range does not matter. It needs to be a guesthouse and located in the west with free parking.|There are 2 choices that match.  I would recommend Finches Bed and Breakfast as it meets your criteria, is cheap and has 4 stars.  Shall I book it?
Yeah, I've heard good stuff about Finches', could you give me the most earliest available dates for the place? I need to get a reservation as soon as possible please.|What day would you like your reservation and for how many nights? Also, how many guests will there be?
There'll be 8 guests and we'll be staying on Tuesday.|How many days would you like to stay?
We will be staying 2 nights starting on Tuesday.|I'm sorry, but there are no vacancies at that time. Would you like to try a different day or perhaps a shorter stay?
Would it be available for just one night?|Yes, you're booked for one night with reference number RAHZVKVN. How else may I assist you?
Oh, yeah, can you get me a car from dinner to the hotel?|Ok.  A white ford will pick you up at Saint Johns Chop House at 21:45.  The contact number is 07368759455.  Is there anything else I can help you with?
That's all I needed. Thank you.|Thank you, enjoy the rest of your day!
I need to find a restaurant call the nirala.|I'm sorry but I do not have a listing for that.
Perhaps you could try searching for "The Nirala"?|Yes, The Nirala is located at 7 Milton Road Chesterton. It's a moderately priced Indian restaurant in the north area of town. Would you like a reservation?
Yes, could you book a table for 5 people at 16:30 on Saturday.|Sure. Your reference number is OY06ANHY. Anything else I can do for you?
That's all I need. Thank you.|Thank you for booking with us. Have a great day.
I AM LOOKING FOR A PLACE TO GO and it should be in the south.|There are several attractions located in the South area, such as parks, cinemas, and museums. Is there a certain type of attraction you have in mind?
Are there any swimming pools?|There are no swimming pools in the south. Would you like me to search a different area?
No, that's ok, are there any parks in the south?|Yes, there are two: Sheep's Green and Lammas Land Park Fen Causeway, and Wandlebury County Park. Entrance is free to both of them. Would you like to try one of those?
Sure, give me the info for the Wandlebury.|it is a park located in the south. It is free of charge.
Can I get the address and postcode?|the address is fen causeway, newnham road, and the postcode is cb22ad
I would also like a reservation at a a Jamaican restaurant in that area for seven people at 12:45, if there is none Chinese would also be good.|I'm sorry, there are no Jamaican restaurants in the area, but there are three Chinese restaurants in the south. What price range are you looking for?
The price doesn't matter, as long as they can accommodate 7 people at 12:45 on Wednesday.  Can you give me the reference # once it's booked?|Alright, I've made a booking at The Lucky Star, for Wednesday at 12:45, for 7 people. The reference number is R9H9B14D. Is there anything else?
Nope.  Thanks for all your help.|Okay, goodbye and good day!
I am looking a place serving gastropub in the moderate price range.|The Cow Pizza Kitchen and Bar is a moderately priced gastropub in the centre area. Would you like their address and phone number?
Most definitely.|The phone number for the cow pizza kitchen and bar is 01223 308871 and they are located at the Corn Exchange Street. Can I help you with anything else?
No, that is all I need.  Thank you and goodbye!|You're welcome, thank you for calling. Goodbye.
Yes, could you give me some suggestions on places to go to in the centre of town?|Castle Galleries is a really nice museum.  It is located at Unit su43, Grande Arcade, Saint Andrews Street, postcode cb23bj.  It is my personal favorite.
That's all I need thanks.|Thank you for contacting Cambridge TownInfo Centre, have a great day!
Oh wait, I was also looking for a particular restaurant, by the name of the royal standard.|Okay, I found Royal Standard, would you like to make a reservation?
Yes. A table for one on Tuesday at 19:30, please.|I'm sorry, Royal Standard does not have a reservation open at that time. Would you be able to arrive a little earlier or later?
Could you try something for 18:30?|Booking was successful. Your reference number is : YYWH70MU.
Thank you so much. That's all I need for today!|you're welcome. its a pleasure to serve you
I am looking for a place to dine near the centre.|There are 69 places to dine near the centre. Is there a food type you would prefer, or a specific price range?
I would like an expensive restaurant that serves fusion food.|I do not have anything fitting that criteria. Do you have something else in mind?
How about european food?|The Eraina serves European food in the expensive price range. Their phone number is 01223368786. They are in location of centre.
Great.  Can I get the address and phone number as well?|Sure thing! Their address is free school lane city centre and phone is 01223368786. Anything else?
I'm also looking for a train to cambridge on friday|There are several trains. Do you have a time preference?
I'd like to depart from bishops stortford and leave after 12:30|Train number TR4070 leaves at 13:29 and arrives at 14:07. Fare will be 10.10 pounds. Would you like me to book tickets?
Yes, please. There are 4 of us traveling together.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 40.4 GBP payable at the station .Reference number is : CLUDXC1K.
Thank you so much. I appreciate your help.|Glad to be of help. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
That will be all today! Thanks so much!|Thank you for contacting us and have a nice day.
Yes I am looking for a restaurant in east cambidge that serves indian food|curry prince is one that fits your needs
I will want it for five, on Thrusday, 15:15|I have it booked for you. The reference number is LK03FYO8.
Thank you! I also need info on a train. It should leave on friday after 12:45.|Okay, I can help you find a train. What is your destination?
I'm going to peterborough.|I have a train leaving at 13:06 and arrives in peterborough at 13:56. Would you like to book that train?
Yes, and please let me know the expense and travel time.|It is 16.50 pounds and the travel time is 50 minutes. How many will the booking be for?
Actually, I don't need tickets just yet. I'm all set here. Thanks for all your help - goodbye!|Goodbye, I hope you enjoy your trip!
I need to find a train from Norwich on Saturday.|Sure, what time will you need to arrive in Cambridge?
It doesn't matter what time I arrive, but I would like to make sure I leave Norwich at or after 13:00.|The earliest train leaves Norwich for Cambridge at 13:16. The price is 14.08 pounds and the duration will be 79 minutes. Would you like me to book?
When does it arrive and what is the train ID?|The train would arrive at 14:35.  The train ID is TR8724.  Is there anything else I can do for you?
I am also looking for Polish food, in the Centre of town.|I'm sorry, but there are no polish restaurants in the centre. Would you like to change your search?
How about a restaurant that serves mediterranean food?|The gardenia located at 2 rose crescent city centre. Would you like to make reservations?
i would like to book a saturday reservation for 2 people at 19:00 please.|I have booked it for you at 19:00 and the reference number is Y5GU93IK.  Is there anything else I can help with?
Yeah, I'd like a place to eat, Mediterranean cuisine please.|Yes, that was what I went ahead and booked for you already. Your reservation is set for Saturday at 19:00 for 2 people. Is there something else I can help with?
Do you have a reference number for that?|My apologies for not providing it.  Your reference number for the restaurant booking is Y5GU93IK.
Okay fantastic, that's all I need today.|Thank you for using our system!
I need a restaurant that serves Turkish food.|There are two moderately priced Turkish restaurants and one expensive one, all in centre area.  Do you have a price range preference?
I do not have a preference.|anatolia serves turkish food in the moderate price range
What is the other turkish restaurant in the moderate price range?|Efes restaurant. Do you have any additional questions?
What is the address and price range?|they are in the moderate price range and the address is King Street City Centre
what is the food type they are good at ?|They serve turkish food.
Thank you goodbye.|Good bye. Thank you for contacting us.
I am looking for a place to dine. The restaurant should be in the expensive price range and should be in the south of town|I have 2 chinese, indian, italian and mexican food. Did you have a preference?
Yes, I prefer italian. I really like pizza.|There is one Italian restaurant in the south. It does have an expensive price range. Not sure if it serves pizza though. Would you like the phone number?
Well let's change that to Mexican and I need a reservation for 2 people at 16:30 on Sunday.|Okay, I have you booked at Chiquito Restaurant Bar then. Reference number is : 6OG10PUW.
Ok, thank you.|Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yeah, I'm also looking for a hotel called the allenbell.|Sorry I dont have anything with that name.
are you sure? i was literally there 3 weeks ago...|The allenbell is not available.
why is it not? it is there please look again.|I have checked again. The hotel is listed as "Allenbell" instead of "The Allenbell." Would you like to book a stay there?
Yes, I need reservations for the same group of people on the same day as the previous reservation. We will be staying 4 nights.|How many people and on what day was your previous reservation?
2 people on Monday is what I would like.|Ok.  I apologize for the confusion.  I booked the room for you and the reference number is DAQEE9BH.
Thank you, that is all that I need.|Thank you for the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Goodbye
Yeah, my wife and kids are demanding Spanish food. Can we keep it on the cheap side, please?|La Raza is an inexpensive Spanish restaurant at the centre. Would you like the address?
Yes, I would like the address please.|4 - 6 Rose Crescent postal cb23ll, can I assist with anything else today?
We are also looking to visit a local museum. Do you  have any recommendations?|What area would you like?
Something close to the restaurant would be nice.|Broughton House Gallery is located in the centre at 98 king street.  It has free entrance.
What is the entrance fee and address?  I think this sounds like a great place to visit.|Broughton House Gallery is completely free. The address is at 98 King Street.
Thank you that was all I needed.|Your welcome. It was a pleasure assisting you today. Have a wonderful day.
Hello, I'd like to book a train on Friday that arrives by 17:30.|What's your to and from location?
I am leaving from London Kings Cross station and traveling to Cambridge.|There are 6 that arrive by 17:30, the closest being TR8842, which arrives at 16:08. Is that to your liking?
yes, please! what's the reference number?|Can you please tell me how many tickets you will need for this trip?
I will need 2 tickets|OK, I've booked you for 2 tickets with reference number ERCAZMGA. The fee will be 47.20 GBP, payable at the station. Can I help you with anything else?
Yes, I'm wondering if there are any expensive modern european restaurants in town.|Yes, darrys cookhouse and wine shop.
I would like to book a table for 2 people at 20:00 on friday please.|I have successfully booked that for you. Your reference number is ZCMA7GFP.
Thank you, that will be all.|Okay, great. Have a good day!
Can you find me a Greek restaurant in the centre of Cambridge?|There are no greek restaurants in the centre, would you like me to look for greek restaurants elsewhere in the city?
Ok my second choice was british food can you find a british restaurant?|Of course, one of my favorites is Fitzbillies Restaurant at 51 Trumpington Street City Centre. May I book you a table?
Yes, please. It'll be for 2 people on Saturday at 12:00.|Okay you're all set. Your reference number is 3Y6H383S and the table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I also want to find a museum to visit.|There are 5 museums in the centre of town. They are all free to visit. How about Broughton House Gallery?
That sounds nice. Can you give me the phone number and address?|The phone number to the museum is 01223314960.
Do you have their address also?|The address is 98 king street, centre, cb11ln.
Thank you, I have all the information I need, goodbye.|Thank you and enjoy your stay with us in Cambridge!
What trains arrive in Cambridge by 10:30?|Where are you traveling from and on what day?
I am traveling from kings lynn on sunday.|Please give me your day and time of departure to help me to narrow down to a suitable result.
I don't have a departure time. I just need to be in Cambridge by 10:30.|I suggest the TR8092 that will arrive in Cambridge at 08:58. This will give you ample time. Do you want me to book this?
Please book for 5 people, I will also need the reference number.|Ok. The total fee is 39.2 GBP payable at the station. Your reference number is WVSMPOEW. Can I help with anything else?
I am also looking for a moderately priced Italian food restaurant.|I found prezzo in the moderate price range in the west part of town
Great can I just get their address?|Sure, prezzo is located at 21 - 24 Northampton Road postcode cb30ad, would you also like their phone number?
No, the address is fine. Thank you very much for your help!|You're quite welcome! Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No, that'll be all. Thank you, again.|It was great conversing with you today. Have a great day! Goodbye.
Hello, I am looking for information about Trinity College.|No problem.  Trinity college is located on Trinity Street and there is a 1 pound entrance fee.  The phone number is 01223338400.  Did you need anything else?
No thank you that was all.|You are very welcome. Thank you for using our service!
I almost forgot, I need to locate a restaurant in the centre town in the moderate price range. And can you confirm the attraction type for Trinity college please.|We have 21 restaurants in the centre area with a moderate price range. What type of food would you be interested in? Trinity College is listed as a college.
Is there a restaurant in the center that serves international food but moderately priced?|There are two restaurants that serve international cuisine in the area. Would you be interested in The Varsity Restaurant, or the Bloomsbury Restaurant?
I'm interested in The Varsity Restaurant. What is the phone number, postcode and address for this restaurant?|The Varsity Restaurant is located at 35 Saint Andrews Street City Centre, postcode cb23ar. The phone number is 01223356060. Would you like to make a reservation?
No, thank you. I would like to book a taxi from Trinity College to Varsity Restaurant, though.|I'll be glad to help. What time would you like the taxi for?
I want to leave the attraction by 14:00, so book the taxi for 10:00.|You're all set.  A red volvo will pick you up. Your contact number is 07236406962.  Is there anything else you need?
That will be all. Thanks for helping me out.|not a problem! Thanks for contacting Cambridge TownInfo centre!
I want crossover food at an expensive price. Can you help?|I'm sorry but we don't have any restaurants meeting that criteria.  Could you please try a different type?
is there something else in the West?|Grafitti has great British food in the west and fits the expensive pricerange you are looking for. Does this appeal to you?
Actually, I'd prefer a European restaurant.|Cambridge lodge restaurant has good reviews and serves European food.
Please book for 1 person, sunday at 17:45.|I'm afraid they're full on Sunday at 17:45. Perhaps another day, or another time slot?
How about Sunday at 16:45 please for 1 person?|You are booked for Sunday at 16:45. Your reference number is 2W56MF47. May I help you with something else?
That's all. Thanks for the help!|You're welcome! Have a nice day!  Goodbye.
I'm looking for a nice guesthouse to stay at during my trip to Cambridge. Anything with a 4 star rating will do.|The a and b guest house meets your needs. Would you like to book it?
Possibly, does this guesthouse hotel offer free parking and free wifi?|How about Allenbell? This meets all your criteria.
That could work. Where is Allenbell located?|The Allenbell is located in the East area.  Would you like its address?
I am also looking for a cheap restaurant in the area that serves vegetarian food.|I'm not finding any cheap vegetarian restaurants. Is there something else you'd like to look for?
What price range do you have for vegetarian food in the centre area?|There are no results for a vegetarian restaurant in any price range in the centre area. Would you like to broaden your search to another area?
Are there any that serve spanish food instead? Preferably in the center area as well.|Yes. We have two restaurants that meet your criteria. Would you like me to book one for you?
I just need the address for one of the restaurants.|The address for La Tasca is 14 -16 Bridge Street.
Thank you. The last thing I think I need is a taxi. To pick me up at the restaurant by 10.00?|I'd be happy to help with your request, but first I will need to know what your destination is from the restaurant.
I need to return back to the hotel from the restaurant.|All right, I have booked you a taxi from the restaurant back to your lodgings. It will be a white volkswagen, and it will arrive to pick you up at 10:00. Is there anything else you need?
Yes I will also need the contact number for the taxi. Thanks|The contact number is 07800878036. Anything else I can do for you?
What is the car type that will be sent?|The car is a white volkswagen. May I help you with anything else?
No, that is all! Thank you very much!|You are welcome. Have a great day, goodbye.
I am looking for a moderate priced restaurant|We have 31 matches, Do you have a food type preference?
No, but I'd like it to be in the centre.|We have 21 moderately priced restaurants in the center, with cuisines ranging from Asian Oriental to Gastropub.
Asian Oriental sounds good.  Can you reserve a table for 1 for me? I'd like to eat at 11:45 on Sunday.|You are good to go! Your reference number is HQGN4WTQ. Can I help you with anything else today?
I also need a train from Broxbourne to Cambridge. Needs to arrive by 8:00.|I have train TR1480 that leaves Broxbourne at 05:32 and will get you into Cambridge at around 06:32. Would that work for you?
That would be just fine.|How many tickets will you be needing?
Just one will be fine.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 14.32 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : P5KB6WJX. Anything else I can help with?
that is it for today. thanks for helping|You are very welcome. Have a great day.
I'm looking for a french restaurant in the north of Cambridge.|I've found restaurant two two at 22 Chesterton Road Chesterton.
Thank you, I would prefer the expensive price range, does that fall in that range?|Yes, it's an expensive restaurant. Would you like to book a table?
Yes. I would like to book a table for 3 at 14:30 on Friday please.|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Reference number is : LNYGVM1C. Anything else?
Yes, I am looking for a train that goes to Kings Lynn and leaves after 12:15.|I have a train TR0674 leaving at 13:11 and arriving at 13:58. Would you like to reserve this?
Does it leave on saturday, departing from cambridge?|Yes it does, would you like tickets?
Yes, I'd like 3 tickets, please, along with the reference number.|On saturday the train at 13:11 is actually the TR7673, and you're booked with reference number VTO5IV0F. The fee will be 23.52 at the station. Can I help with anything else?
No thanks. That will be it for today. Have a good day. Goodbye.|Thank you for using our service,   have a nice day
Hello, can you recommend a moderately-priced hotel in the Centre of town, please?|Yes the name of the hotel is cityroomz would you like me to book it for you?
Does it  include free wifi|Yes. There is free wifi.
I want to book it for 8 people for 4 nights please!|Certainly, when would you like to arrive?
Arriving on tuesday|I was able to book it, the reference number is JC2OYOAS
Alright, are there any moderately priced indonesian places nearby?|I'm sorry, but there are no Indonesian restaurants in Cambridge at any price point.
Okay, let's try Chinese.  Are there any Chinese restaurants in the area that are also moderately priced?|Yes, I would suggest this one jinling noodle bar.
Awesome can I get the address please?|The address is, 11 Peas Hill City Centre, Can I help you with anything else today?
Ok.  I would like to book a table for 8 for tuesday at 15:30|You are all set, the reference number is JT0ZZVVL, can i assist with anything else?
Yes.  I also need a taxi.|I would be happy to help you with that.  Where will you need to be picked up at?
I'd like to be picked up at the hotel and arrive at the restaurant by the booked time.|Ok fantastic. Your taxi has been booked. It will be a white Lexus and the contact number is 07413773624.
Thank you for your help!|Do you need any help with any thing else?
That's all I will be needing today, thank you.|Thank you for choosing our services. Good day!
I need a place to stay. Something moderately priced, with free wifi.|I like acorn guest house.  Need a reservation?
Does the Acorn Guest House also offer free parking?|It does have free parking.  Would you like to reserve a room?
yes would you reserve andd book it for me with a confirmation number ?|Yes certainly. For how many nights will you be staying and how many people will be staying and when do you wish to arrive?
I need it for 3 people and 3 nights starting Sunday.|Booking was successful.
Reference number is : PSNFSRQI. anything else i can help you with?
Yes please. I need a restaurant in the north, same price range as the hotel, and serves swiss food.|We don't have any such restaurants in the north. Do you want to search for something different?
Can we try for one that serves Indian food instead?|The Nirala is a moderately priced indian restaurant in the north. Can I book you any tables?
Yes, book a table for 3 at 11:30 on the same day if you can.|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Reference number is : 1GD9Z858.
Thanks for your help today.|enjoy your stay in Cambridge!
I need to find a restaurant in the south to dine at that serves New Zealand food. Can you help?|I'm sorry, I'm not finding a restaurant in the south that serves New Zealand food.
What about a Mexican food restaurant also in the south part of town?|Yes, there is Chiquito Restaurant Bar, which is an expensive Mexican place in the area.  How does that sound?
That sounds good.  Please book a table for 1 people at 13:15 on Monday.|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : 2RJ7AU7V. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I also need to book a hotel. It needs to have 2 star and be of a moderate range with free parking.|I have two such entries. Both are hotels in the north. There is the ashley hotel and lovell lodge. Do you have a preference?
I will try the Lovell lodge. Will you book a room for me starting on Monday for 3 nights, please? I am traveling alone.|There is a known system glitch within dialogue systems where some things cannot be booked, the hotel can be reached at 01223425478, I apologize any other questions today?
That will be all then, thank you.|Thank you and enjoy your stay in Cambridge!
I am looking for a particular restaurant. Its name is called city stop restaurant|I have found the restaurant you are looking for. Would you like the address?
No, I just need to know the type of food they serve and the phone number.|The restaurant serves European food. Their phone number is 01223363270. Anything else?
That's all, thank you!|You're welcome! Have a wonderful day!
I am looking for a restaurant that is cheap and in the south part of town.|Nandos is a nice restaurant in the South part of town. It is in the cheap price range and serves Portuguese food.
Is there anything else? And what is the address and phone number?|yes there is the lucky star serves chinese food in the cheap price range and in the south part of town, Its address is cambridge leisure park clifton way cherry hinton and the phone number is 01223 327908.
No that is all. Thank you!|Have a nice day!
I am looking for a Saturday train departure from Cambridge|What destination would you like me to look for?
I'm hoping for a train to bishops stortford after 21:15.|There are 2 trains that fit this request. One at 21:29 and another at 23:29. Did you want me to book one of them for you?
Yes please book the train for 23:29.|How many tickets do you need?
I don't need a booking, but can you tell me the train ID, travel time, and arrival time of that train?|TR0123 is the train ID. It leaves at 23:29 and arrives at 24:07. Did you need any more information about the train?
No, but I need to find a restaurant. It should serve vietnamese food and it should be in the north.|Unfortunately, I'm not seeing any Vietnamese restaurants in the north. Would you like to try a different area or type of cuisine?
How about a Chinese restaurant. Ideally expensive.|Hakka and The Hotpot are both expensive Chinese restaurants on the north side of town. Would you like a table at one of these?
I'd like to reserve a table for 3 at The Hotpot for 10:00 Saturday. I'll need a reference number as well.|I've booked that for you. The reference number is ZAV4B1D8. What else can I help you with?
That'll be everything. Thank you!|You're welcome! Thanks for using our services.
While in Cambridge I need a restaurant that is moderately priced and serves Spanish food.|La Tasca would be a good choice for you. Would you like the address or phone number?
Yes I would like the address and phone number, thanks for your help!|The address for La Tasca is 14 -16 Bridge Street and the phone number is 01223464630. Would you like for me to book you a table?
I just want to confirm. This place has free wifi as well as being 3 star, correct?|Were you also trying to book a hotel today? There are 5 hotels in cambridge that are 3 stars and offer free wifi
Actually, I'd like to confirm that La Tasca is a 3-star restaurant.|Thank you. Have a good day!
Wait please you haven't answered my question.|I'm sorry for the confusion, La Tasca is the restaurant and is not assigned a star rating.
OK, can you find me a place to stay? With a 3-star rating, free wifi, and a moderate price range?|There are 3 hotels that fit your request, what area of town were you looking to stay in?
It doesn't matter to me. Do any of them have free parking?|Yes, all three have free parking. One is in the north, one in the west and one in the south part of town. Which is your preference?
Which one is in the north area and give me the phone number, please.|Hamilton Lodge is located in the north, and the phone number is 0-122-336-5664.
Thank you for the information. That is all I needed for now. Have a nice day.|Glad I could help, goodbye.
I'm looking for a moderately priced hotel that offers free wifi. Do you have any of those?|I have several options that meet your criteria. One is in the centre with 0 stars, two in the north with 2 stars.
I am sorry I am actually looking for a 4 star hotel with free parking. Is there any available?|I have not hotels matching your criteria.
Can you locate me a 3 star hotel with parking.|I'm sorry, but I am still not pulling any matches up.
Could you check again? A moderate priced, 4 star hotel or guesthouse, that offers free wifi and parking.|none in our list. can you change location?
Are there any 4 star hotels or guesthouses with free parking and wifi in a different price range?|the university arms hotel is located on regent street and is expensive.
Okay. That will work. I'll need to book it for Thursday, 3 nights, and 7 people.|I have booked the University Arms Hotel for you for Thursday, 3 nights, and 7 people. Is there anything else I can help you with?
please give me the reference number for the hotel|I will get that for you
I'm looking for a moderately priced, 1-star place to stay.|I have many options. Do you have a preference for the area you would like to stay in.
The area doesn't matter. I would like free wifi though, if possible.|Unfortunately we do not have any moderately priced 1 star hotels in Cambridge.  I'm sorry!  Cityroomz has 0 stars in the centre, does that work?
Not really, how about 4 star?|There are several moderate 4-star places to stay throughout town, but they are all guesthouses. Would a guesthouse work for you?
Do they also have free parking?|acorn guest house does have free parking,would you like that one?
Yes. I also need to find a place to dine that is in the center and the same price range as the hotel.|Would you like me to reserve the acorn guest house for you?
No, I don't need a hotel booking at this time. I'd like to find a place to dine on Sunday.|Dojo Noodle Bar is a nice cn I book you a table ?
Hello, I need to book a ticket on a train from broxbourne on Friday.|There is a train every hour from 05:32 from Broxbourne to Cambridge. It costs 17.90 pounds and is 60 minutes travel time.
I would need to leave after 09:15. What's the first train after that time?|I'd recommend TR2145 which leaves at 09:32 and arrives by 10:32. Would that work for you?
yes, that would be good for me. That is TR2145 and leaving at 09:32 arriving by 10:32.|Yes, it will cost 17.90 pounds.  Do you need me to book some tickets for you?
One ticket, please.|The train has been booked the reference number is 8Z33FXBR
Great can I also find a place to dine in the centre of town with halal food?|I'm afraid we don't have any restaurants that serve halal food in the centre of town, or in town at all for that matter. Would something else work for you?
Can you check for one with British food?|I have about 7 different options in British food. Do you have a price range you prefer?
No preference, give me an option.|There's The Oak Bistro and The Copper Kettle, which are moderately priced, and Fitzbillies and The Cambridge Chop House are expensive. Do any of those sound appealing?
Yes I would like to book the Copper Kettle for 2 people on Friday for 18:15.|Wonderful! I've made your reservation and your reference number is AMNTUIN5. Can I help you with anything else?
That is all for today. Thank you!|You are welcome,  I hope that you enjoy your time here!  Feel free to reach out to us at the Cambridge TownInfo centre if you need anything else.
I would like a moderately priced restaurant in the west part of town|There are 3 moderately priced restaurants in the west part of town; Meghna, Prezzo, and Saint Johns Chop House. How else may I assist you?
What is the phone number and address of one of them?|Meghna is located at 205 Victoria Road Chesterton and their number is 01223 727410. Is there anything else I can do for you today?
Thank you. Goodbye.|Thank you for using the Cambridge restaurant system. Goodbye.
goodbye!|Goodbye.
Is there anything cheap in the centre of town?|Do you have a food type preference?
Would you have something modern european?|The River Bar Steakhouse and Grill offers Modern European cuisine. Would you like me to book you a reservation?
Can I have their phone number, postcode and address please?|I'd be happy to provide you with that information. Their phone number is 01223307030 and their address and postcode are Quayside off Bridge Street, cb58aq. Can I help with anything else?
No, that is all.  You have been very helpful.  Thanks.  Bye.|You're welcome, have a nice day!
I'm looking for vietnamese food. I would like the restaurant name and address.|There is a Vietnamese restaurant called Thanh Binh at 17 Magdalene Street City Centre.
Thank you, goodbye.|Goodbye.
I am looking for a restaurant in the west part of town|Do you have a certain price range or food type you are looking for?
vietnamese food|Thanh Binh is a Vietnamese restaurant in the west of town, and is in the cheap price range.
Phone number and postcode please|Thanh Binh's phone number is 01223 362456, their postcode is C.B 3, 0 A.F
Thank you, good bye.|Thank you, goodbye.
Can you help me find a restaurant?|It would be my pleasure. What type of food are you in the mood for?
I would love some North American food!|We have one option, the gourmet burger kitchen, they are in the centre area and the pricing is expensive, can I book you?
Yes, just myself at 11:45 on monday please.|I have made that reservation and your reference number is 0X0N3WV0.
Thanks so much.  Can you help me find a place to stay in that area as well?|What area are you looking to stay in?
The south please.|There are a number of options.  Did you have a price range in mind?
The price doesn't matter and I don't need free parking. I'd prefer a guesthouse.|I recommend the aylesbray lodge guest house, it is in the moderate price range and four stars. It's on 5 mowbray road, cb17sr. Would you like me to make a bookin gfor you?
Not yet, do they have internet? And what is their postcode?|Yes they have internet and their postcode is cb17sr. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I also need a taxi. It should leave the guesthouse and arrive at the restaurant by 11:45 please. Please include the contact number and car type.|Can you please give me the name of your departure and name of your desination?
I am leaving from the restaurant.|Just to be clear, do you want to be picked up at the gourmet burger kitchen, or is that your destination?
I am leaving from the aylesbray lodge guest house to get to the gourmet burger kitchen by my reservation at 11:45. Please book.|I also need to know when you want to leave.
I am leaving from the aylesbray lodge guest house to get to the gourmet burger kitchen by my reservation at 11:45. Please book|Okay, I have you booked in a blue Audi.  The contact number is 07920692950.  Can I help you with anything else?
That is everything today.|I was glad to assist you today.
I'd like a restuarant with Asian Oriental food located in the centre, please.|The dojo noodle bar is a cheap restaurant serving asian oriental food in the centre. Would you like to book at this restaurant?
That sounds perfect. I don't need a reservation though.|Anything else I can do for you?
Yes, could you just give me the contact information for the restaurant?  Phone, address and postcode?|Sure the Phone 01223363471, address 40210 Millers Yard City Centre and postcode cb21rq for dojo noodle bar. May I help with anything else?
No, I think that's all I need. Thanks!|You're welcome. Feel free to contact us again if you need anything else.
I'm looking for an expensive British restaurant.|There are quite a few British restaurants. What area of the city would you like to dine in?
I would like something in the west, if possible.|Of course, the Travellers Rest is in the west at Huntingdon Road City Centre. Would you like me to make a reservation?
Yes, please. I need a table for 3 at 18:30 on Tuesday.|Your booking was successful.  The table will be reserved for 15 minutes and your reference number is S1NJ8GAC.
I also need a place to stay, the hotel should also be the west area.|What price range do you prefer?
Moderately priced if possible.|The only moderately priced place in the west is Hobsons House guesthouse.
That sounds good, can you book me for that?|sure, what day do you want to start your stay, and how many days do you wish to stay?
For 3 people and for 2 nights, starting on Tuesday.|I'm sorry, they don't have the availability. Would you like me to try a different day or a shorter stay?
I could also look up a different part of town if you like?|I'm sorry, I tried several other moderately priced hotels in other areas and none of them could accommodate you. Would you be able to travel on another day?
How about an expensive one instead?|How about the Huntingdon Marriott Hotel?
That sounds like a nice hotel. Is that located in the west? If it is, I would want to book a room there.|Yes, it is indeed in the west.
I need to book it for the same groups, same day as we eat out.|Okay, great. Your reservation is booked! The reference number is S1NJ8GAC.
Great. Thank you very much.|May I help you with anything else for your stay?
No thank you, you were fantastic! Thank you for all the help.|You are very welcome! I hope you have a wonderful trip!
I need to catch a train in London King's Cross to ride into Cambridge.|I can help with that. What day and time were you looking to depart?
I want to leave on Monday after 12:45.|There is a train available on 14:12.
That is fine.  Can you provide the arrival time, train ID, and travel time.|I do apologize, train TR3194 would leave at 13:17, NOT 14:12.  The travel time would be 51 minutes.  Would you like me to book this train for you?
Yes can you please book it.|I have booked your train. London King's Cross to Cambridge at 13:17 on Monday.
Thank you! That sounds excellent! I am also craving British food. Are there any moderately priced British restaurants there?|We have four in the centre area and one int he west, any preferences?
Not really, I'll just need to book it for the same day for 4 people.|What time would you like the reservation?
I would like it at 15:00 on the same day.|Very well, I've booked you at Restaurant One Seven for 4 people at 15:00 on Monday. Would you like the booking reference number?
Yes of course I want the reference number! Why wouldn't I!|Sorry about that, the reference number is 5F63AFCU
Thank you for your time.|I'm glad I could help you today. Have a great trip. Goodbye.
Can you assist me in finding me an Expensive Restaurant in Cambridge where I can dine? The restaurant should be serving British foods.|sure, i have 6 options for you
I'd like it to be in Centre.|I would suggest midsummer house restaurant it has great food.
Can you make me a reservation for Saturday please for 3 people?|What time would you like to dine on Saturday?
We will be dining at 16:30. Please book a table for 3 on Saturday and provide the reference number. I also need a hotel in the same area.|Alright, I have your restaurant booking. Your reference number is: DHDB0H4V. What are you looking for in a hotel, so I can narrow down the choices?
Something in the same area as the restaurant. It should also be in that same price range.|I've got two expensive hotels in the area. Both have internet and parking. university arms hotel has 4 stars. Does that meet your needs?
Yes, that should be perfect thank you.|Would you like me to book you a room? If so, i will need how many people and nights you will be staying and on what day.
I would like a room for three people, just for Saturday night.|The booking was successful I have  a reference number and the hotel number for you.
Can I have the postcode and hotel type, please?|it is the type of a hotel. its post code is cb21ad. anything else?
I also need a taxi between the hotel and the restaurant.|I will look a taxi up for you.
Thank you very much! Can you please make sure that it arrives at the restaurant by the time of my reservation?|A grey toyota will be waiting to pick you up, if you have any further questions the contact number is 07137847685.
Thanks so much!|Can I help you with anything else today?
No, that will be all. Thank you!|Thanks for using our service, good day!
Thanks for all the help.|Anytime, were here to help. Have a good day!
I'm trying to find an Irish restaurant that can provide me with some unique fine dining.  I expect this to be expensive, can you give me some options?|I do not have any expensive Irish eateries, could we try something else?
Any European restaurants?  Cost doesnt matter.|There are 5 restaurants Eraina is available in the centre of town.
Can you recommend me one that's expensive? And book the table for 6 people at 14:00 on tuesday. Thanks!|Okay I was able to book you at Eraina at 14:00 on Tuesday for 6 people. your reference number is 2OCXGNUP.
Thank you so much. Have a great day!|Would you like the address for the restaurant?
Nope. Got everything I need.|Have a great day!
Can you give me the phone number of a moderately priced restaurant in the North part of town?|The phone number for Golden Wok is 01223 350688. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, is there another moderately priced restaurant in the north?|The Nirala is a moderately priced restaurant in the north of town, and it serves Indian food. Would you like the phone number?
yes, I would like their phone number and postcode, please.|The phone number is 01223 360966. And the postcode is C.B 4, 1 U.Y.
Thank you, Nirala sounds good.  Goodbye.|You're welcome.  Bye.
Can you help me find a train departing from Leicester?|There are many, got a destination in mind?
I want to go to cambridge.|What day and time will you be leaving?
I leave on sunday.|There is a train leaving at 5:09 I will book it for you,is there anything else I can do for you ?
Yes, I need a expensive restaurant in centre that serves italian food and a phone number|Stazione Restaurant and Coffee Bar is an expensive Italian place in the Centre.  Their phone number is 01223352607. Would you also like the address?
No thanks. Can I have to train id and price?|Sure, the train ID is TR7151 and the price is 37.80 pounds.
Okay, can you help me find a restaurant also?|Yes. I gave you the information for stazione restaurant and coffee bar previously. Were you looking for a specific restaurant?
Will the train arrive at Cambridge by 08:00?|I apologize, the trainID for the 5:09 is actually TR4106.  You will arrive in cambridge by 6:54.  Can I help with anything else today?
I'm also looking for an expensive restaurant in the centre of town.|Again, I already gave you the information for stazione restaurant and coffee bar, an expensive restaurant in the centre. If this doesn't suit you, then is there a specific place?
I apologize. I won't be needing anything else. good bye|Thank you enjoy your stay in Cambridge!
I'm looking for a 4 Star hotel and it doesn't have to include internet.|Unfortunately, I'm unable to find any four star hotels without internet. What about a three star instead?
What about a 4 star located in the east the only has free parking. Internet it doesn't really matter either way|Unfortunately, I am still unable to find any four star hotels with free parking. Would you like for me to check three star hotels?
No I really want a 4 star hotel in the east, how about one with only free wifi?|Unfortunately there are no 4 star hotels located in the East at all.  If you like I can either search a different area or search 3 star hotels.
Ok. Are there any 4 star hotels with free wifi?|Not in that area. May I check another area?
What is the most eastern located 4 star hotel?|University arms hotel is an expensive 4 star hotel located in the centre.  Would that work?
Ok, lets go with that then. Can you book me a room for Thursday for 3 people, 2 nights please?|Unfortunately, that hotel isn't available on those dates.  Would you like me to find another 4 star hotel for you?
Yes please.  Please recommend a hotel that is available Thursday for 3 people, 2 nights as far east as possible.|I do have guesthouses available in the east area that are 4 stars, would a guesthouse work or does it have to be a hotel?
As long as it's 4 stars with free parking, any type of hotel works.|All hotels are booked. Is there another day you can book?
There are no 4 star hotels or guesthouses in the east available for 3 people for 2 nights starting on Thursday?|No, I've tried all the 4 star hotels in the east. May I check another area or 3 stars?
I really need to stay in the east. Can you check again?|The allen bell is a guesthouse in the east with free wifi and parking, would you like to make a reservation?
Yes please book it for 3 people for 2 nights starting from Thursday. Also provide the reference number|I am sorry.  The Allenbell does not have that available.  Would you like to book another day or try a shorter stay?
Wow this is really confusing. Let's start from the beginning. Can you see if you can find a place to stay in the east with 4 stars and free wifi?|I was not able to book for that date or for that stay. Would  you like to try a different date or number of days?
I want a hotel for 3 people and 2 nights, with free parking. Is there nothing in the city that fits those requirements?|I have Found the Express by Holiday Inn Cambridge in the east that has free parking.  Would you like me to book that for you?
At this point I'll take what I can get. Book it.|The booking was unsuccessful, can you pick a different day, or a shorter stay?
Try for one day.|Sorry, looks like they're all booked up. Maybe try a different day?
Can you please try to find me another hotel in the east with at least four stars?|Do you have a specific price range in mind?
Nope, I'll take anything on the Eastside that's 4 stars and offers either free parking or Wifi, booked for  3 people and 2 nights starting from Thursday.|Okay, you'll be at the allenbell and your reference number is 19OO1LBJ.
Thank you.  That was all I needed.  Goodbye.|Ok, I've booked the Allenbelle guesthouse, 517A Coldham Lane, phone# 01223210353. Reference# RZ2BA37V. Everything is exactly how you'd requested.  Can I help with anything else?
I'm also looking for an expensive restaurant near the hotel. Can you help with that?|I have about 5 different options available for you. Which type of cuisine? I have indian, gastropub, chinese and british.
We're not picky as long as it's on the same day at around 17:00 for 3|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : W1EPTI7S. Anything else I can help with?
That was all for now. Thank you for your help. Goodbye.|You're welcome, have a good day!
I'm looking for a place to go in the centre of town that is a boat.|I found the scudamores punting co and the cambridge punter. Which would you prefer?
I like the Cambridge Punter better. Can you give the phone number and postcode for them? Thanks|Gladly. The postcode is cb41as and their phone number is 07807718591
Thank you. I would also like a restaurant in the same area as Cambridge Punter.|Sure, I can help you with that.  Was there a type of food you were looking for?
I would like an Italian restaurant that is expensive. I would like to book the restaurant for two people at 11:45 on Monday. May I have the reference number also?|I have 5 restaurants available, 4 in the centre and one in the south.  What area would you prefer?
Like I told you before, I would also like a restaurant in the same area as Cambridge Punter.|So, I have booked your restaurant for Caffe Uno on Monday for 2 people at 11:45. The reference number is 98HQG1YV
Thanks a lot. I appreciate it. That's all I need. Bye!|Thanks for reaching out to our service!
I'd like to find a place that serves moderately priced chinese food.|I show dour restaurants that serve chinese food. Three are located in the centre and one is in the North area. They are all  moderately priced. May I start by offering you the Jinling Noodle Bar?
That sounds great. Could you make a reservation for 7 people at 13:45 this Friday please?|There are no reservations available at that time. Would you like to try another restaurant?
Yes please.  Is there another restaurant in the area in that price range that is available at that time?|I have booked a reservation for you at the Lan Hong House. Your reference number is BMU049L6. DO you need anything else?
No, you have been very helpful. Thank you. Good bye.|Good bye, have fun!
Hello, I'm looking for some cheap restaurant recommendations.|I would suggest the Rice House in the Centre.
Is this located in the south?  I would like Portuguese food please.|Nandos serves Prtuguese food and it located in the South. Would you like a reservation?
Yes please for 2 people at 18:30 on a Wednesday.|I've made your reservations and your reference number is : E0E1O4MU.
Great! Thank you for all your help.|Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Yes, I'd also like information about a train. I will be travelling on Wednesday.|Where will you be departing from?
I'm traveling from norwich.|where are you traveling to? and what time will you need to arrive?
I'm headed to cambridge and need to arrive by 11:00.|There is a train leaving at 9:16 that will get you in by 10:35.
Ok. Thanks.  That is all.|thanks for using our services welcome anytime
I'm looking for an indonesian restaurant that's moderate in price.|There are no Indonesian restaurants in the moderate price range would you like me to search for something else?
Are you sure? I thought there was one located in the centre of town.|Unfortunately I do not see any indonesian restaurants. Maybe you would like asain instead?
Asian oriental food sounds good.  What options do you have available?|I have a few, what price range do you prefer?
I'm not really worried about price.  Which do you suggest that is located in the centre?|Th Kymmoy is expensive but very nice.
I think I would like to be in the moderate price range please.|The yippee noddle bar is in the moderate price range. Would you like to book a table?
Actually, can you give me the phone number for Yippee Noodle Bar instead?|Absolutely. Their phone number is 01223518111. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I am also looking for a train. The train should arrive by 16:15 and should leave on Friday.|I'm sure we can find your perfect train for you. What are your departure and arrival locations?
I want to go to norwich from cambridge.|The first train from Cambridge to Norwich leaves at 05:36, and there are trains every hour thereafter. The duration of the trip is 79 minutes.  Which departure time works best for you?
Can you suggest one?  I would like to arrive in Norwich about 4:15 PM.|I would recommend TR8314, which will get you there at 15:55.  Would you like me to book your ticket?
Yes, one ticket please.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 17.6 GBP payable at the station .
When does the TR8314 leave?|It will leave at 14:36
Great! Thanks for all your help.|Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No, that is all. Thanks, goodbye.|You're welcome! Have a great day!
Hello, I am looking for a moderately priced restaurant on the north side of town.|Golden Wok is a moderately priced restaurant in the north part of town, that serves Chinese food.
What is their address?|The Golden Wok is located at 191 Histon Road Chesterton. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Thank you good  bye|You're welcome, goodbye.
Please help me find people's portraits exhibition at girton college.|People's Portraits Exhibition at Girton College is located at Girton College on Huntingdon Road in the west side of town. Would you like their phone number?
Please send me their address.|Sure, the address is Girton College, Huntingdon Road cb3ojg. Is there anything else I can help you with?
That is all I need.|Great!  By the way, there is no entrance fee as well.  Let us know if we can help with anything else.
Greetings. I'd like some information about vue cinema.|The vue cinema is located in the centre of the city and the phone number is 08712240240.
What is the postcode?|The postcode is cb11ps. Can I help you with anything else?
Yes I am looking for an oriental restaurant that is relatively cheap . Any suggestions?|Dojo Noodle Bar, and J Restaurant are both located in the centre area. Would you like more info on either of these?
Yes I would love to hear about either.|Both are in the centre of town and in the cheap price range.
What is the phone number and address for Dojo Noodle Bar?|The phone number is 01223363471 and the address is 40210 Millers Yard City Centre.
Wonderful, now I will need a taxi to commute between the two. I want to leave the cinema by 20:45 to get to the restaurant.|Ok, not a problem! You will be looking for a yellow volkswagen and the taxis phone number is 07352155369.
Thanks so much!|Is there anything else I can do for you today?
That is everything! Thank you for all your help!|Have a good day!
Hi! Can you give me some information on the Bangkok City restaurant?|Of course! It's an expensive Thai restaurant in the centre at 24 Green Street City Centre cb23jx. Their phone is 01223354382. May I help with anything else?
No that was all. Thank you very much.|OK, goodbye!
I'm also looking for museums to see in the west.|Oh, certainly. We have seven, including the Museum of Classical Archaeology, and the Cambridge and County Folk Museum.
Can I have the postcode, address and entrance fee for each?|The museum of classical archaeology is free at sidgwick avenue with postcode cb39da. The cambridge and county folk museum is at 2-3 castle street, postcode cb30aq and cost 3.50 pounds.
I'm looking for a taxi as well to commute between the two places.|So, you need something from the restaurant to the museum then? What time are you wanting to leave or be there by?
I want to leave the museum by 03:15, please.|Before I book your taxi, which museum you will be visiting?  Can you confirm that the taxi will pick you up at the museum and drop you at the restaurant?
I would like to leave the folk museum at 3:15 and head over to the restaurant, yes.|Great. A black ford will be waiting for you outside of the Folk Museum at 3:15. The driver's phone number is 07642790462. Do you need anything else?
No thanks, that will be all for me. Goodbye.|Thank you and have fun at the museum and restaurant!
can you book me a train to Cambridge that leaves on Saturday.|There are 202 trains to cambridge on Saturday. Can you tell me your departure station and the time you'd like to travel?
I would like to leave from stansted airport after 15:00|I found nine trains leaving stansted airport for cambridge, leaving every hour starting at 15:24.  Would you like to book that first train?
I would maybe be interested in booking this train. What is the train id, price per ticket and arrival time?|The train is TR1493 with the price 8.08 pounds. The arrival time is 15:52.
Okay thanks, I also need info for the cow pizza kitchen and bar.|Ok. That's a moderately-priced gastropub in the centre. Would you like the address or phone number?
I would like to make a reservation for 6 people on Saturday.|What time would you like?
I'd like the table for 19:00, please.|Okay. I have made a reservation for Saturday at 19:00 for six people.
Great, all I need is the reference number please.|I unfortunately do not have this info for you. The booking is now saying unsuccessful.
Can you try again please?|Unfortunately, after trying to book again I was still unsuccessful. Would you like to try another day or time?
Could you please try 18:00 on the same day?|Your booking for Saturday at 18:00 was made. Your reference number is  L7W1NACD. May I help you with anything else today?
That is all. Thank you.|Have a great day.
Hi, I am  looking for a cheap 4-star hotel near local restaurants.|There are many options to choose from but all of them are guesthouses except one. Do you need a hotel or can it be a guesthouse?
I don't mind what type of hotel. But it needs to be in the centre and offer free parking.|The alexander bed and breakfast is a cheap hotel in the centre area with free parking. Do you want me to book it?
Yes, please book it for 4 people and 3 nights.|Which three nights would you like me to book the hotel for?
Starting from sunday, please.|No problem. Your booking was successful for four people, starting Sunday for three days. Your reference number is 3BUQP529.
Thanks can I also get a restaurant? I am looking for one in the centre of town serving korean food|The only Korean restaurant in the center of town is Little Seoul. It's expensive, but very good. Would you like to book a table there?
No, but I will need a taxi to the restaurant. I'll need to get from the Alexander B&B to Little Seoul, leaving the hotel at 13:30.|Not a problem. You will be picked up by a white volvo, contact number 07532822307.
Thanks for you're help. May I also have the address and phone number of the restaurant.|The phone number is 01223308681 and their address is 108 Regent Street City Centre.
Thank you for all your help!|Of course, have a nice day!
Hello, I'm looking for a hotel in the north, and I'd like the more expensive range please.|I'm sorry, but there are no expensive hotels in the north area. Could I check for one in the moderate price range for you?
I'm sorry not hotels, guesthouses please.|There are no guesthouses in the expensive range in the north area.  There are five options, in the moderate range, any other preferences?
Yes, please check one in the moderate range.|I have many listings,could I get what star rating to would preferred?
Honestly, I would prefer if you could suggest one as long as its moderately priced.|Alright. Does the acorn guest house sound okay? It's 4 stars with free internet and parking.
That would be fine. Could you also find out some information about the india house restaurant?|The india house is in the expensive price range and located at 31 Newnham Road Newnham.
Thanks. Could you reserve a table for 3 people at 16:30 on Thursday?|I am unable to book during that time slot on Thursday.  Would you like to try a different time on Thursday or maybe a different day?
How about 15:30?|Booking was successful. Your Reference number is : SP0ZTZU8. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Yes, actually. I'll be needing a taxi between those two locations. Please make sure they can have me at the restaurant by my reservation time.|Booking was successful. You will arrive at the India House by 15:30.
That's all I needed. Thank you.|You're welcome. Have a nice day.
I'm looking to stay in a guesthouse in the east.|I'd be glad to help you find a guesthouse, are you looking for something moderately priced or would you like a cheaper option?
I don't care about price range, but I would like to have free parking.|I have a few listings for guesthouses, I will give you the listings for moderate prices as they will be nicer.
Please include post code and phone number with the listings.|The Warkworth House's contact number is 01223363682. The postcode for them is cb11ee.  The other moderate priced is Carolina Bed and Breakfast, phone 01223247015 with postcode cb13nx. Anything else?
I am also looking for a restaurant. I prefer it to serve cuban food and i would like a moderate price range.|There are no moderately priced Cuban restaurants in Cambridge, unfortunately. Would you like me to look up other restaurants in the moderate price range?
How about chinese food?|There are four chinese restaurants. Would you rather eat in the north or centre?
North is fine, what is the postcode for that?|In the north is the golden wok, the postcode is cb43hl.  Do you need more information on that or with anything else?
No, that is all I need at this time, thank you for your help.|Happy to be or service. Have a wonderful day!
Hi, I'd like to try some Indian food. What do you have?|Oh, there are many nice Indian restaurants to choose from.  What price range are you looking for?
I am looking for a cheap Indian restaurant located in the centre,|I suggest Kohinoor.  The address is 74 Mill Road City Centre.  Would you like me to book a table for you?
Sure.  I just need a table for myself at 14:00 on Wednesday.|Unfortunately, they are booked at that time. Can I try another time for you?
Okay, let's try for 13:00 instead.|That was successful. Your reference number is HMN75TCM.
Wonderful!  I also need some information about a hotel called the Hamilton Lodge.  Can you help me with that?|I sure can! The Hamilton is a guesthouse on the north side. It is moderately priced, has 3 stars, free internet and parking. Would you like a room?
Can you reserve me a taxi that arrives to the restaurant before 14:00 on wednesday?|Can you tell me where you will be leaving from?  Do you want me to make a hotel reservation for you?
I will be leaving from hamilton lodge and heading to the restaurant.|Your car is booked. A black tesla will pick you up at Hamilton Lodge and get you to Kohinoor by 14:00. Their contact number is 07942596374 if you need to call.
Thank you so much, that is everything that I need.|Thank you. Goodbye.
Hello, I need help finding a moderate priced restaurant in the centre of town.|There are 21 results. Is there a certain type of food you'd like?
Yes, I would like a international restaurant if possible.|I have two. The varsity and Bloombury restaurant's.
The Varsity will be fine. I'll need a table on Friday at 14:00. It will be for 8 people.|You are all set, the reference number is 8FUDRX3I, can I assist with anything else?
Great, yes I'm also looking for the Whipple museum of the history of science. Can you tell me a bit about it?|Of course!  The museum is in the centre on Free School Lane and has Free Admission. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Can I also get a taxi from the museum to the restaurant. I want to make sure I get there for that reservation.|Ok I have a taxi booked for you.  It will be a blue BMW and the contact number is 07894266457. I there anything else I can do?
Nope, thanks for everything! Bye now!|You are very welcome. Enjoy your day!
Hello, I'd like some information on a train going to cambridge.|Sure! Where are you departing from?
I am leaving Stevenage on Thursday and I want to arrive by 10:15.|I have a train on Saturday that leaves Cambridge on Saturday at 07:54 and arrives at 08:43.
I need the train Thursday|There is one leaving at 5:54,Yes I will book it for you and provide a reference number
I am looking for a restaurant in the centre area.|I have 69 places, which type of food would you like or price range?
I'd like a vegetarian restaurant.|Unfortunately, there are no vegetarian restaurants. Is there another cuisine you would like to try?
That's disappointing. Can you try international food instead?|I have two international restaurants available.  is there a price range you would like to stay within?
I am looking for something in the moderate price range.|the varsity restaurant and bloomsbury restaurant are in the moderate price range. Which one would you like?
I need a hotel to stay in the East area.|Yes I have many guesthouses  and one hotel. Is there a price range you prefer?
I definitely want a hotel, and I'd like a place that has 4 stars.|I have 6 guesthouses with 4 stars in the east, do you have a price range preference?
No I don't have a price range whichever you recommend is fine.|Leverton House will give you the most bang for your buck. Would you like me to make a reservation?
And there are no hotels? Just guesthouses?|I double checked and no, there are no hotels matching your criteria. Would you still be interested in the Leverton House?
Does it have free parking?|yes there is free parking. Would you like me to book you a room?
No, I don't need to book just yet.  But I was also looking for a place to eat in the same area of town.|We have quite a few restaurants in the east end. Is there any particular food you're looking for?
As long as it is in the moderate price range, I am open to your recommendation.|There are 3 restaurants in the East, there are two Indian restaurants and one Italian restaurant. Do you have a preference?
Let's go with the italian place. Make me a reservation for Friday for 8 at 15:15 please.|You're all set! Your reference number is NEZN98ZC.
thank you that will be all for now|Okay. Glad I could be of help.
I gotta eat. Find me an expensive modern eclectic place please.|sorry no matches to your request. can we change the type of food
How about one that serve gastropub food?|I have two in the centre and one in the west. Do you have a preference in location?
The west would be perfect. I need a reservation for seven on Sunday at 13:45, please.|Your reservation is booked at The Royal Standard. Your reference number is WWZS2IUM.
Thank you. I am also looking for a hotel that is expensive and has 4 stars. I need it to include free parking.|How about University Arms Hotel in the Centre area?
May I have the phone number please ?|Yes, the number is 01223351241
Thank you so very much.|You are very welcome.  Can I help you with anything else?
No that would be all.|Thanks for letting Cambridge TownInfo centre help. Have a great trip!
I'm looking for something moderately priced in the west part of town, could you get me the number and full address please?|The phone number for Meghna is 01223727410. It is located at 205 Victoria Road Chesterton
Thank you goodbye.|enjoy your meal!
I am looking for cinemas in the east|There are no cinemas in the East. Would you like me to look in a different area?
No. Is there a park?|There is 1 park in the east. The Cherry Hinton Water Play park near Cherry Hinton Hall.  Would you like the phone number?
Just the entrance fee, thank you.|The Cherry Hinton Water Play Park offers free admission. Is there anything more I can help with?
Yes, I want to find out about da vinci pizzeria please.|Sure, this is an inexpensive Italian restaurant in the north, located at 20 Milton Road Chesterton.  Would you like a reservation?
Yes, please, a table for 8 on Thursday. We'd like to dine at 12:45.|Your reservation was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Reference number is : GBZVHZAM. Can I help you with anything else?
I also need a taxi to take me from the water park to the restaurant by my reservation time, please.|Ok I made that taxi reservation.  It's a blue toyota and the contact numner is 07403878307.
Thank you very much.|Can I help you with anything more today?
That is all I need today. Thank you for your help!|You're welcome, have a great day.
Can you find me a guest house?|Their is Acorn guest house in the north, they are located at 154 chesterton road and their number is 01223353888
Ok is the Acorn guest house a 4 star moderate priced hotel with free parking|Yes, it is a moderately priced 4 star guesthouse. They offer free parking and internet.
I'd like to book it for 2 people for 2 nights starting Wednesday.|I was able to book that, reference number is C0SOOPR7.
Great! I'd also like to find a restaurant in the same price range.|There are many moderately priced restaurants available.  Is there a particular type of food you would like?
The restaurant would need to serve kosher food.|I'm not finding anything in the price range and area that serves kosher food.  Would you like to try a different price range?
How about one that serves british food?|I'm not finding any moderately priced British restaurants in the north, either. Would you like me to look for something else, or a different price range?
Yes, can you look at five star restaurants offering either kosher or british food?|I'm sorry I do not see any listing for the description you are looking for. Perhaps there is something else you would like to try?
Ok, let's start over. I don't want to cause confusion. I am looking for a moderately priced restaurant in the centre of town that serves kosher food. Can we try that?|I'm sorry, I don't have any matches for that, would you like to try another option?
How about a restaurant that serves British food in the centre of town?|I have 4 listings for british food in the centre of town.
Okay, please pick one for me.|Shall I book one? If so on what day?
Wednesday, for 2 people. At 16:30.|Among the four restaurants, I cannot book for 1630, is there another time you would like to aim for?
How about 15:30? please send me the reference number once booked.  I am also going to need a taxi that will get us to the restaurant by booking time.|OK, you're booked at Cotto, refrence number UH4IHWMG. A red volkswagen should be coming to the Acorn to take you there, contact number 07499457879. Anything else I can help with?
No, thanks. That does it for me. Take care. Goodbye.|Please feel free to contact us again for further assistance. Good-bye.
I'm looking for a guest house, please.|There are many guesthouses in Cambridge! Do you have a certain area or price range in mind?
No but I want it to be in the north and have free parking.|Hamilton lodge is a guesthouse in the north in the moderate price range. It has free parking and wifi. Can I reserve a room for you?
I don't need to book at the moment, but thank you for the information!|Was there anything else I can help you with today?
yes book the room for me please 2 people 5 nights starting thursday please|Reference number is : UKUNO9II. Is there anything else?
Thank you much. I have heard raves about a certain restaurant called two two. Do you have any info on it?|I found restaurant two two it serve French cuisine is in north and the price range is expensive. Do you want me to book a table?
Yes, please. I want a table for 2 people on thursday at 11:00. Please give me the reference number too.|Okay, your booking was successful, the reference number is lQU2HDTO. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No actually, that was all I wanted help with today! Thanks a whole bunch!! Goodbye|Thank you , have a good one!
I would like a train that leaves from stansted airport after 16:15|What day will you be traveling, and where will you be heading to?
I will be traveling on monday and need to go to cambridge|There's a train leaving stansted airport for cambridge every hour on Monday, by what time would you like to arrive?
I don't care. Give me the earliest one leaving after 16:15.|The earliest train is TR5365 that leaves the airport at 16:24 and arrive in Cambridge at 16:52. Do you need a ticket?
Yes please thank you. Can you also assist to find me a restaurant where i can dine in the Center. My preference is Modern European food.|How many tickets do you need me to book for the train?
I actually don't need a ticket right now.  Could you please tell me the price and travel time though?|Absolutely. The TR5365 costs 10.10 pounds and has a travel time of 28 minutes. What else can I do for you?
I also need a place to eat.|What are would you like to eat?
I would like modern european food and in should be located in the centre of town.|There are 8 results for European restaurants in the centre area, would you prefer an expensive, moderate or cheap price range?
I'd like a cheap one, I don't want to spend too much on food, I want to bring back as many knick-knacks as possible.|The river bar steakhouse and grill meets all your needs. Do you want me to book? If yes, for how many, what day and what time?
Please get me their postcode instead|Yes, the postcode is cb58aq.
Thank you, that will be all.|You're welcome, have a great day.
I am looking for a place to dine. The restaurant should be in the east and should be in the moderate price range|The Curry Prince restaurant is in the east and is moderately priced. Their phone is 01223566388.
Thank you for the help.|Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, could you book me a table for 6 at 19:45 on Saturday?|Your table is reserved. Your reference number is U60SC89J. May I help you with something else?
Would you confirm this is an Indian restaurant, please? It sounds like one.|Yes it is an Indian restaurant in the east.
Great, that is all I need today. Thank you.|You're welcome. Thank you so much for calling us today.
You're welcome and goodbye.|Have a wonderful day and let us know if you need any further assistance.
I am looking for a place to dine that serves north american food located within the town centre.|The only North American restaurant in the centre is Gourmet Burger Kitchen. It is expensive. Would you like to book a table?
Can you tell me the postcode and phone number for Gourmet Burger Kitchen?|Sure, the postcode is cb21ab and the phone number is 01223312598. How else may I assist you?
Yes I would also like to visit some colleges in the same part of town. Is that possible?|There are 13 colleges in the Centre. 3 have nominal entrance fees of 2.50 pounds or less, the rest are free to visit. Do you have any preference?
Could you give me the address for one of the free colleges?|Christ's College is free and is located at Saint Andrew's Street with a postcode of cb23bu. Could I be of further assistance?
Yes. I'd like a taxi to pick me up at Christ's College and take me to the restaurant. I'd like to leave the attraction by 19:00.|Ok, your booking has been completed. Your taxi will be a gray skoda and it's contact number is 07541933762
That is all I need for today. Thanks for all your help!|Thank you! Feel free to contact us if you need anything else. Have a great day!
I am looking for a restaurant in the west that serves vegetarian food.|Unfortunately, I don't happen to show any restaurants specializing in vegetarian food. Can I try looking for another type of restaurant for you?
Yes go ahead. How about Indian? They always have vegetarian options. I would like it to be moderately priced too.|Yes sure! I have quite a few. Do you have a price range in mind?
I want a Moderate price range please.|For moderate pricing, I have the Meghna restaurant in the west. It's located at 205 Victoria Road Chesterton. Can I reserve you a table?
No thanks, I'd like to give them a call instead. What is their phone number?|The contact number for the Meghna is 01223727410. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Oh yes, actually I need the postcode too.|Of course. It's cb43lf. Can I help you with anything else?
No, that is everything. Thank you for your help.|Thank you for using our service, and I hope you enjoy your meal at Meghna. Goodbye!
I'm looking for mid range spanish restaurants, can you help me?|I have a listing for la tasca in the centre area,can I book you a table there?
Sure. That sounds like a nice place. Go ahead and book that for me.|What day and time are you looking for? How many people will be in your party?
I need a table for 6 people Sunday night at 17:00.|I was unable to find a table at that time. Would you like to find another restaurant?
Can you find me something along the same price and in the same area please?|There are no other Spanish places in that area, another area or type perhaps?
Any in the same area, and price range please.|The Copper Kettle is a British restaurant in the centre area with a moderate price range, would you like me to book that for you?
Okay, again for 6 people Sunday at 17:00.|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : 840ZVK1R.
OK, that's all I need today, thank you!|You're welcome. Please call again.
I am looking for a moderate priced place to dine in the centre area.|I have several restaurants matching your request.  What type of cuisine would you like?
I don't really care. Can you please suggest one for me? And please include the postcode. Thanks.|I recommend The Oak Bistro. They serve British food and the postcode is cb21eg. Would you like me to book a table for you there?
No thank you. I did want to go to an attraction in the same area of town.|There are 44 attractions located in the centre of town like the restaurant. Is there a particular type you would like to visit?
I would like to go to a museum. Are there any in the area?|There are 11 different museums in city centre. I find the Museum of Archaeology and Anthropology to be fascinating. Would you like to learn more about them, or keep looking?
That sounds interesting. Can you tell me their phone number and the cost of entrance?|Entry is free and the phone number is 01223333516. Is there anything else I can help with?
Can you get me a taxi that could take me from the museum to the bistro?|What time would you like to travel between the two places?
I want to leave the museum by 07:45.|I was able to book that taxi for you. Be looking for a white Audi. If you need to contact them, their phone number is 07749170478. Anything else I can do?
No, thank you. That's everything I needed today.|You're welcome and have a great day.
I'm looking for a restaurant in the west in the expensive range.|I have 9 restaurants in the west that meet what you are looking for. What type of food are you looking for?
I don't really have a preference. I think I'd like to try something new.|Would you like to try graffiti?
Yes, could you book a table for 1 at 11:30 on thursday?|Your booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Reference number is : K2Y3OZAK. Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
im looking also for a place to go  still in the west|There are several colleges and museums in the area. Do you have a preference?
How about a museum? What kind are there?|Well, I would recommend the cambridge book and print gallery, which is located at 49 newnham road. There is no entrance fee. Does that sound interesting to you?
What is the postcode?|They're located in postcode cb39ey. Can I help you with anything else today?
No that is it. Thank you.|You're welcome. Have a great day!
I am looking for a restaurant in the centre of town in the cheap price range.|I found several that fit your request! What type of food would you like?
No preference. Can you recommend me one and give me their postcode and phone number? Thanks!|Sure, how about dojo noodle bar postcode cb21rq and 01223363471 phone number. Would you like a reservation?
No thank you not at this time.|The phone number is 01223363471 if you need it.  Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Nope you gave me everything I wanted to know. Thanks bye!|Okay.  Glad to have helped!
I'm looking for a gastropub food restaurant in the centre of Cambridge please.|Sure what price range are you looking for?
I don't really have a price range in mind. What's your favorite place?|My favorite is The Slug and Lettuce.  It is expensive though.  Can I get you an address for it?
Nah, I'll get that later. Can you book a table there, though? 3 people on Sunday at 15:30.|Yes I can, I have booked a table for 3 people for Sunday at 15:30 at the Slug and Lettuce. Can I help you with anything else?
Yes, I also need a place to stay with free parking.|The reference number for you dinner reservation is 7E3EL1IG.  What area of town would you like to stay in?
I just need to find a hotel for Sunday for 3 people. The stay should be two nights. Please give me the reference number too.|OK, I was able to book you at the Acorn Guest House. Your reference number is YBGSWXEJ. Can I help you with anything else?
I also need a taxi to get me between the two places.|Sure thing. I can work on getting that booked for you.
Could you please do that?|Which place will you be leaving from?
I want to make sure it gets me to the restaurant for the reservation from the hotel.|You are set, look for a red tesla, their contact number is 07587955465, any further questions today?
That is great. Thank you for your help.|You are welcome, enjoy your stay!
Can you tell me if there are any european restaurants in the center of town?|There are 8 restaurants that have european food in the centre of town. Is there a pricerange you would like it to be in?
I need something in the moderate price range, please.|The galleria serves european food and is located in town centre and moderately priced. Would you like me to reserve a table for you?
No thank you, but I would like their address please!|Their phone number is 01223362054. Anything else I can do for you?
I'm also looking for a college to visit while I am in town.|There are 18 colleges around town. Is there a part of town you'd like to visit in?
I don't mind where the college is. Sorry, but could you please get me the address for The Galleria?|Christs's college is on Saint Andrew's street and is free to enter.  I don't have any information on a Galleria. Is there another attraction you would like to see?
The Galleria is the name of the restaurant. I need the address for it please. I also need the postcode for the college.|My apologies, the system has been giving us difficulties today. The Galleria is at 33 Bridge Street. Christ's College is in postcode cb23bu. Can I help you with anything else today?
No I think that's everything, thanks.|We are happy to help. Thank you for using our service. Do you need any further assistance?
I do not think I need any more info, thank you so much.|Alright, enjoy Cambridge!
Hi. Can you help me find a restaurant?|There are a bunch of restaurants for you!  Do you have a certain price range or food type you prefer?
I would like it on the expensive price range please.|I found some quite nice choices for you.  Do you have a cuisine preference?
he restaurant should be in the expensive price range and should serve polynesian food.
If there is no such restaurant, how about one that serves indian food.|I don't have any Polynesian, but I do have 14 Indian. What area of town would you like?
please get phone number and area.I am also looking for a train. The train should depart from Cambridge and should leave after 09:30|I have Indian restaurants in all areas. Do you have a preference of which one? Lets do this and then we can work on the train/
Can you please recommend one and provide me with their phone number and area they're located?|which side of town do you prefer?
The north part of town is fine. I need the phone number and area for the place after you find it.|I am sorry but there are no Indian restaurants in the North.  Would you like another area?
My area is flexible. What is available for an expensive indian restaurant. It can be in any area.|I have the cocum located in the west at 71 Castle Street City Centre. Would you like reservations?
No thank you but I do need a train.|Okay! From where to where?
I will be leaving from Cambridge.|I have found many trains leaving from Cambridge. Can I please get a departure and arrival time, and destination?
depart from cambridge at 9:00 and arrive london liverpool street on Sunday for 6 people|There are no trains leaving at 9:00.  Would you be interested in the one leaving at 7:59 or 9:59?
I just need to depart after 9:30.|I can book the TR0995 which leaves Cambridge at 09:59. Shall I book it for six people?
Yes, that would be wonderful.|the total fee is 79.67, Reference number is : Z51SW54Y.
That's all I need today. Have a great day|Have a safe trip.
I want the phone number to a moderately priced restaurant with Spanish food.|la tasca would fit the bill. its phone number is 01223 464630 .
Can you tell me what area of town it is located?|La tasca is located in the Centre part of town.
Thank you goodbye.|You're welcome.
Can you help me find a place to stay in the south part of the City that offers free wifi with the room.|Sure I have 4. When are you coming?
I'm not sure yet. What types of hotels are available? I don't want to stay in a guesthouse.|the lensfield hotel is in the expensive price range. their address is 	53-57 lensfield road
What is the star rating of the lensfield?|The Lensfield Hotel has 3 stars.  Would you like their phone number?
yes please. I am also looking for a place to dine; european modern food, but at a moderate price.|Is there a certain area you prefer?
Yes, I would like a restaurant that is also in the south.|chinese, indian or italian food?
Im feeling modern european what are some of my options for that?|The only place on the south side is the restaurant alimentum. Are you interested in booking a table with them?
I would like a table.|What time would you like the reservation, and for how many people?
I would like the reservation to be at 12:45 for 7 people.|Great, and what day do you prefer?
I would prefer for it to be Thursday.|You're all set, reference #MEGKPAR1. Can I help you with anything else?
No, that is all for now.|Have a great day.
Can you help me find a moderately priced restaurant that serves North American food? Thanks.|Unfortunately, I am unable to locate a moderately priced North American restaurant. I did find an expensive one, would you be interested in that?
No. How about Italian food?|Sure.  There are five moderately priced italian restaurants.  Would you prefer a certain part of town?
Perhaps the center? But I don;t think I have a preference.|Pizza Express is a great place that serves moderately priced Italian in the city centre. Would you like me to make you a reservation?
Yes. Please reserve for 5 people on Sunday at 15:00.|I was able to book for you. Do you need a reference number?
Yes, I do need it.  I'm also looking for a train that goes to Leicester after 18:30.  Is there anything available?|What day do you need to leave?
I need to leave on monday and depart from cambridge.|There are 5 different trains on that day. Would you like me to book one of them?
Yes please. I just need tickets for all 5 of us. as close to 18:30 as possible.|the train id is TR0335. Booking was successful, the total fee is 189 GBP payable at the station .
Reference number is  : 13V7H457.
Thanks that's all I need today|Thank you for contacting us and have a great day.
I am looking for a place to dine in the west.|Yes I have many restaurants to choose from in the west. Do you have a price range preference?
Yes I would like it to be expensive.|There are nine restaurants available. Do you have a food type preference?
No preference on type.|graffiti is a nice place and is in expensive price range.Would you like the address ?
Hello, can I please have some information on the types of museums that are available in Cambridge and their location?|Sure.  There are 79 different museums in Cambridge.  Is there an area of the city you were looking to visit?  Or price range?
Not really anywhere specific, and I don't care about the price range.|May I suggest the Broughton House Gallery? It is a nice museum in the centre which is free to visit. Shall I provide more information?
What is the postcode and phone number there?|01223314960 and cb11ln
I also need a place to eat, I want European food and it needs to be expensive.|I have many choices. What part of town do you prefer?
It doesn't matter. You choose. Can I get the area, phone number and address please?|I recommend Eraina, it is in Centre, the phone number is 01223368786 and the address is Free School Lane City Centre. Can I book you a table there?
No thank you, that's all the information I need right now.|Thank you for contacting the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Goodbye
Can you let me know what expensive restaurants are available in the south side?|I am showing 5 that meet that criteria. Chinese, italian or mexican food. Would you like one of those?
How about the Chinese? Can I have the address with the postcode, and the phone number?|How about peking restaurant, located at 10 Homerton Street City Centre cb28nx. Number is 01223354755.
Sounds perfect! I also want to find a 3-star hotel in the same area.|The Lensfield Hotel should meet your needs, it is an expensive hotel in the south. Would you like me to reserve a room for you?
Does it include free wifi?|Yes, it does include free wifi. Would you like to make a booking?
No need to book today. But, can you provide me with their phone number and address please?|Sure! Their address is 53-57 lensfield road and their phone number is 01223355017.
Thank you for the information.|You're welcome. Have a great day!
I'm trying to find a restaurant that serves African food in the centre|Have you tried bedouin?  I can make a reservation, if you like.
I'm looking for something expensive. Is bedouin expensive?|Yes, they are. It's a great place. They are located at 100 Mill Road City Centre. Would you like a reservation?
Yes, please. Table for 2, on Sunday at 11:30.|Your reference numbeer is 05613G8F. Can I help with anything else today?
No thank you. That will be it. Thanks and goodbye.|Alright, enjoy the rest of your day.
Can you tell me more about a particular attraction called the ballare?|Ballare is a nightclub located on heidelberg gardens, lion yard, cb23na. The entrance fee is 5 pounds. Is there anything else I can help you with?
What is their phone number?|The phone number for ballare is 01223364222, and the entrance fee is 5 pounds. Do you also need the address?
No thank you, I don't need the address.  I would also like to find a place to eat on the east side that serves British food.|I have one such restaurant and it is called the Grafton Hotel Restaurant and is in the expensive price range. Would you like their address?
Actually, could you book a table for 6 people on Wednesday?|For what time?
I would like to book for 11:15.|I have booked this for Wednesday for 6 people at 11:15.  They will hold your table for up to 15 minutes.  The reference number is: CGM6GIAJ
Thank you that's all I needed today.|My pleasure. Enjoy your stay.
I'm looking for a moderately priced restaurant in the west part of town.|I found several restaurants meeting your criteria. Would you prefer indian, italian or british food?
I have no preference. Can I get the phone number and address of one?|meghna serves indian food, in the moderate price range and in the west part of town, its phone number is 01223 727410 and the address is 205 victoria road chesterton. is there anything else I can help you with?
No, thank you. That is all I needed.|thank you, goodbye
Can you help me find a good steakhouse?  Ideally I would like it to be moderately priced, not too fancy or cheap.|I don't have a moderately priced steakhouse. Would you like to try a different kind of food?
No, I'd like steak. Maybe try in the west?|There are no matches found would you like me to look up a different area?
can you find me one that serves indian food?|Meghna is a moderately priced indian restaurant, it is located in the west.  Would you like me to reserve a table for you?
Yes please,book a table for 8 people at 17:45 on monday.|Your reference number is ON7EUM19.   Is there anything else I can do for you?
I'm not sure, let me check and see if my husband has any other questions.|Just let me know!
i'm also looking for a place to stay.|what area and when are you planning your stay?
West. And on Monday|There are 4 places in the west. Do you want to book? If so, please give me the number of people and days that you will be staying.
Okay, I need to make sure it's in the moderate price range and that it's a guesthouse.|hobsons house fits your requirements nicely. Want to book it?
no thanks. I just need to see if they have free wifi and what their phone number is.|Yes, they do have free internet and their phone number is 01223301906. Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
I would also like to book a taxi that will arrive at the restaurant by 17:45 on monday from the hotel|You are all set.  Is there anything else I can do for you?     Booked car type	:  yellow ford
Contact number:  07359918327
Thank you so much for your help.  That's all I need.|Thank you goodbye
Can you help me find a corsica restaurant?|There is no restaurant serving corsica food in the town. What is another type of food you would like me to search for?
Then can you find me one that serves international food?|We have three places that serve international cuisine that you should like. Do you prefer East or Centre?
The Centre is fine.  I need a table for brunch on Sunday.|I recommend the Bloomsbury Restaurant.  It's located at Crowne Plaza Hotel, 20 Downing Street.  It's a moderately priced restaurant. Can I book this for you?
Yes, that would be great. Can you book a table for 4 people at 11:30 on Sunday? Thanks|I was able to book your party of 4 into Bloomsbury Restaurant on Sunday at 11:30 , Reference: 4ni28yk5.  Can I assist you further today?
I also need a train that will arrive by 18:15.|Sure, which stations are you traveling between?
I'll be leaving Cambridge on Monday and I'd like to arrive to London Kings Cross by 18:15.  Is there anything available? What time will it leave?|TR7786 can have you there by 17:51.  It costs 23.60 pounds.
What is the travel time?|The trip takes 51 minutes. Would you like me to book that train for you?
not now. that is all i needed. have a good day|Goodbye, enjoy the rest of your day!
i am lookingfor a place to stay|Ok.  I can help you with that.  Are you looking for a particular price range or part of town?
Price range and location don't matter.  I would just like for it to be a hotel that has free parking.  Internet is not necessary either.|Acorn guest house is a guest house with free parking, or we have 28 other options. Do you have any other preferences?
Not at this time.|would you like to book a room at acorn or any of the others?
Could you tell me what area of town it is in?|The Acorn Guest House is in the north.
Thanks! I also need an italian restaurant to go to. I need to save some money so I would prefer it to be cheap.|Da Vinci Pizzeria is in the north and it is cheap. Do you want to book a table?
Yes, I would like a table.|I would be happy to help with your request.  How many will be dining, and what day/time would you like the reservation?
I would like a table for 6 at 17:30 on Sunday.|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Reference number is : N5B6ARJP.
Thanks. That is all for today. Have a nice day.|Your welcome. I am glad I could help.
I'm looking for a cheap place to eat.|There a good number of cheap restaurants in town.  Are you looking for a particular type of food?
No, I just want to try something new. Could you suggest a couple of less common cuisines?|I would recommend the gardenia, a mediterranean restaurant located in the centre of town at 2 Rose Crescent City Centre. Would you be interested in reserving a table?
yes, reserve a table for two on thursday|Sure, I just need to know what time you would like to dine.
At 14:00 please|I have reserved your table. Your reference # is GDP785RS. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, I also need a train departing from bishops stortford going to cambridge.|What day would you be traveling on?
I will be traveling on Thursday, the same as the restaurant reservation.|There's a train leaving every two hours on Thursday, what time would you like to depart?
It doesn't really matter, but I need to be there by 9:30.  So, the closest I can get to that will be good.|Ok great. The TR1242 will fit your needs. How many tickets would you like to book?
No thank you, but could you let me know the length of travel and the price of the train tickets?|It's a 38 minute ride and it will cost 10.10.
that is all i wanted for today. thanks|Your welcome. It has been a pleasure assisting you today. Goodbye
Could you help me find a place to dine on my trip?|Absolutely!  Do you have any preferences on area, price, or food type?
I really want to treat myself so I was thinking expensive european food.|I have 5 restaurants that are expensive european. Is there a certain area of town you would like?
Any part of town will do so kindly recommend something and give me the postcode and address|How about Eraina in the centre area.  The address is Free School Lane City Centre.  The phone number is 01223368786.
Oh and I'm going to need a place to stay.  Can you find me an expensive 4 star hotel that includes free wifi please?|There are two hotels that match your requirements.  One is in the west and one is in the centre.  Do you have a preference of area?
It doesn't matter but can you find one in the expensive price range?|In that case, I recommend University Arms Hotel. It's in the same area as the restaurant and may be more convenient.
That will be fine can you get me the address and postcode.|Sure! The address is Regent Street. The postcode is cb21ad. Is there anything else I can help you with?
That's all, thank you for your help. Good-bye.|Thank you for using our service. Have a great day!
I'm looking for a cheap restaurant in the west.|Sure, we have la margherita which serves italian food and thanh binh which serves vietnamese food. Would one of these work for you?
They both sound great. Now I'm hungry. Thanks for the information!|Would you like me to book a table at either place?
No, not right now.  Could you help me find a train leaving Peterborough though?|Yes. There are quite a few trains leaving Peterborough. Can you tell me what day you'd like to travel, and perhaps narrow down the time as well?
I will be traveling in Sunday.|Unfortunately, I am unable to locate information based on your response. Please provide additional details of destination, day to travel, and time to arrive by.
Sure.  I need to leave Peterborough sometime later than 16:45 on Sunday.  I am going to Cambridge and need 4 seats.|I have a train leaving at 16:48, would you like me to book it for you?
Yes I would like you to book that for 4 people. May I have the reference number please?|Yes, the Booking was successful, the total fee is 52.8 GBP payable at the station .Reference number is : G3XQ3F49.
Thanks!  I appreciate your help.|Is there anything else I can help you with today?
That is all, thanks again.|It was my pleasure. If you need anything else just let me know.
Find me an expensive restaurant in the south please.|There are 5 results. Would you like chinese, indian, italian, or mexican food?
I would like a restaurant that serves Chinese food.|There are two great choices. The good luck chinese food takeaway and the peking restaurant. Would you like me to book you one?
No, I'm just interested in the address and phone number right now.|10 Hometown Street City Centre and phone is 01223354755
I need a train to cambridge that leaves after 18:45.|Where will you be departing from?
I will need to depart from ely.|And what day are you leaving?
I would like to leave on Saturday.|I have a train on Saturday that leaves at 19;35 and arrives by 19:52. Would that do?
I can work with that.|Would you like me to book tickets for you?
Yes, I need tickets for 5 people.|You are booked for 5 tickets leaving Ely on Saturday at 19:35 and arriving in Cambridge at 19:52. Your reference number is Q245NAJF and the total fee is 17.6 Pounds payable at the station.
I am also looking for a particular restaurant. Its name is called pizza express.|Great, I see that is a moderate italian restaurant located in the centre. When would you like to book it for and how many people?
Please book a table for the same group of people at 21:00 on the same day.|The restaurant is reserved for 5 people on Saturday. Your reference number is Z5PRYMDV. Is there anything else?
No that is all. Thank you for all your help.|I hope you have a wonderful meal.
Thanks again for all of your help.|Glad I could help. Have a great day.
Good Afternoon.  I am trying to find an Indian restaurant to eat at.  I would prefer something expensive.  Can you help me?|There are several Indian restaurants to choose from. What area of town would you like?
I would like it to be in the center. I will need a number, address and postcode.|The Curry Garden is good.  It is located at 106 Regent Street City Centre, postcode cb21dp.  The phone number is 01223302330.  Would you like me to reserve it?
Thank you for all that information.  Yes, I would like to make a reservation.|Great, when would you like the reservation and for how many should I reserve it for?
Yes, I would like a reservation for one please.|What day and time would you like to go?
I've changed my mind, I don't want to book it yet. Can you give me the area, address, and phone number, please?|Certainly. Curry Garden is in the city centre at 106 Regent Street City Centre. The phone number is 01223302330. What other information can I get for you?
That's all I need today. Thanks for your help!|You're quite welcome. Thanks for contacting the Cambridge TownInfo Centre and have a great day!
I am planning a trip to Cambridge|Sure, what can I help you with?
I need a train to peterborough from cambridge on friday and would like to arrive by 20:00.|TR5124 arrives at 19:56, would that work for you?
What is the price of the ticket?|Tickets are 16.50 pounds.
What is the travel time?|The travel time is 50 minutes.
Thanks! I'm also looking for a place to eat. What's the best Italian joint on the north side?|There is one Italian restaurant in the north. It is da vinci pizzeria. Do you want me to book a reservation for you?
Yes, I'd like a table for two at 17:00 on the same day as the train.|Your table is booked, reference #O359O1HE. Can I help you with anything else today?
No, that's all I needed. Thanks for your help, have a great day!|Your welcome! Have a great day too!
I need help finding a guesthouse to stay at.|I have a number of different guesthouses available. Do you want to stay in a particular part of town?
I'd like the east part of town please.|Warkworth House is a great place. They are rated 4 stars, moderately priced and offer free parking and internet.
That sound perfect. Could I make a booking for 6 people?|Of course! What day and how many nights?
I'll be starting my stay on this coming Sunday.|How many days will you be staying?
5 nights please.|Booking was successful. Reference number is : T212RFL5.
Do you know of a restaurant by the name of gourmet burger kitchen?|Yes, Gourmet Burger Kitchen has North American cuisine and is expensive. It is located in the City Centre.
can you tell me the phone number please|You can reach them by phone at 01223312598. Anything else I can help with?
No, that's all the information I need. Thanks!|Ok great, have a wonderful day!
I need a train to Ely after 08:15, please.|What day would you like to travel?
I'd like to leave Cambridge on Wednesday, please.|There are no trains on Wednesday.
I need you to check again. Train from Ely to Cambridge.|OK, the earliest train after 08:15 is the 09:50 to Cambridge. It's a quick, 17-minute trip. Would you like to book seats?
Sounds great, what is the price and arrival time?|It will cost you 4.40 pounds and it arrives by 10:07.
Thanks! I'm also looking for someplace to eat in the center of town. Something in the moderate price range.|What type of food would you like to eat?
Type of food doesn't matter, what would you prefer?|I recommend cotto.  It has British cuisine.  Would you like reservations?
Yes, there will be 4 of us on Wednesday at 11:00. Please book.|I have made those reservations and your reference number is KOSM5AJ9.
Awesome, thanks for all your help! Good day|Thank you for contacting us and have a nice day.
I would like to find an expensive place to eat please.|We have 57 options available, do you have a preference on cuisine or location?
Yes, I would like some Chinese food, please.|There are 9 options. The Good Luck Chinese Food Takeaway is located at 82 Cherry Hinton Road, Cherry Hinton. Would you like to reserve a table?
I am not familiar with Cherry Hinton Road. Is that in the Centre of town?|No, actually they are located in the south. Did you want me to check for what is available in the centre instead?
Yes please.  I would like something in the expensive price range.|We have 4 expensive chinese restauarants in the city centre. Would you like reservations?
No thank you, can you just give me the address and phone number for one of them?|My favorite is the Ugly Duckling, located at 12 St. Johns Street City Centre. They don't seem to have a phone number, so would you like a different restaurant?
Yes please give me the post code and phone number for one of the restaurants that has them listed.  I am also looking for a train.|The Ugly Duckling's phone number is not available but their postcode is cb21tw. Where will you be departing from?
I will be departing from Peterborough after 8:30.|What is your destination?
I need to be in Cambridge on Saturday.|There are 31 trains available, what departure time would be best for you?
Any time after 08:30 would work.|There are 31 available trains, do you have a more specific time in mind to help narrow them down?
The first train that leaves after 8:30 would be nice.|Ok. That train is TR1616 which leaves at 08:48. Would you like for me to book your seats?
No, but if you could give me the price of a ticket?|It is 13.20 pounds.
Great. That's all the information I need now. Thanks!|You're welcome, goodbye!
I would like a moderately priced restaurant in the north part of town.|Golden Wok is a moderately priced restaurant in the north side of town.
What type of food does Golden Wok serve?|The Golden Wok serves Chinese food.  Would you like more information?
Yes what is the address for the business?|They are located at 191 Histon Road Chesterton
Great. I have everything I need, Thank you|You're welconme
I'm looking for a train to depart Cambridge leaving on Wednesday, can you help me?|There are over 200 trains departing Cambridge on Wednesday. What will be your destination?
I will be leaving from Cambridge.  I need to go to Peterborough.|There are 38 trains leaving from cambridge to peterborough. What time you would like to leave?
I would like to leave after 14:00 and make a booking.|I can book you on the TR 3587 leaving at 14:06 and arriving by 14:56. Would that be good?
Yes,and the reference number as well, please.|I will be glad to book this for you and get a reference number. Do you only need one ticket for yourself?
I would like to book for 5 people.|Your tickets have been reserved. The total will be 82.5 GBP, payable at the station, and your reference number is FSS5PPSG. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Can you recommend a good Turkish restaurant, moderately priced, in the centre of town?|Yes. Either Anatolia or Efes Restaurant would be a good choice. Would you like me to book you a table at one of them?
Anatolia sounds great. Can you give me their address, postcode, and phone?|Anatolia's address is 30 Bridge street City Centre, the postcode is cb21uj, and the phone number is 01223362372.  Is there anything else I can do to help you?
No, that will be all thank you.|You are welcome.  Have a great day! Goodbye!
Hi, I'm looking for restaurants in the area. Could you recommend any moderately-priced establishments that are located near the town centre.|Yippee noodle bar is available if you would like to book that.
Is that a gastropub restaurant?|It is not, but The Cow Pizza Kitchen and Bar is a gastropub in the center of town, and it is a moderate price range. Would you like to book it?
Yes, please. For 6 people at 17:15 on Tuesday.|I've booked that for you. Your confirmation number is UGFBZ3HB. They'll hold the table for 15 minutes.
thanks you very much that's all i need.|Great, I hope you enjoy your dinner!
I am looking for an Italian restaurant in the centre of town, could you provide me with some options to choose from please?|There are 9 italian restaurants in the centre of town. Do you have a price range?
I'd like a cheap one, please.|There are 3 cheap Italian restaurants. I would recommend Pizza Hut City Centre. Would you like to book a table?
What are the other two restaurants in this price range?|The two other restaurants that are relatively cheap are a restaurant called Ask and the other is Zizzi Cambridge. Would you like more info on one of those?
Yes please. What are the phone numbers of those places?|The phone number for Ask is 01223364917, the one for Zizzi Cambridge is 01223365599. Is there anything else I can help with?
Not now. Thanks for your help, goodbye.|You're welcome. Have a great day!
I wanted to visit the Tenpin, could you tell me the hours it is open, and if there is an admission cost?|Sorry. I don't have the hours of operation or whether there is an entrance fee. Would you like the phone number so you can call to get the information yourself?
That's OK, could you tell me what part of town it's located in?|Sure, it is in the south part of town.  The address is Cambridge Leisure Park, Clifton Way.
Great. Thank you. I also need a place to dine.|What type of food would you like and what price range ?
I am looking for Scottish food. I would like it to be nice so it can be expensive, but it needs to be in the east side of town.|i will find you one thanks a lot its a pleasure to serve you
What type of food does the Oak Bistro in Cambridge serve?|The Oak Bistro serves British food. Would you like to book there?
Yes, please book a table for 5 on Saturday at 16:45. May I get the reference number for that once you've booked it please?|Are you sure this is the location you are looking for?
What do you mean? Do you have another suggestion?|No, it just seems as though our system is experiencing an error. Can you please restate your restaurant requirements?
The Oak Bistro for 5 people on Sunday at 16:45.  Also I am looking for a 3 star hotel in the expensive price range with free parking.|You're booked at the Oak Bistro (Ref #QUJHQIMG). There are two hotels available: one in centre and one in south. Do you have a preference?
No preference as long as it has 3 star, expensive price range, and free parking. I need it booked for 5 people for 5 nights starting Sunday.|I'm sorry, neither hotel is available for that booking.  Would you like me to try a different day or shorter stay?
Is it available for 2 nights then?|Great your reference number is DK2CZK2P.
Thanks. I'll also need a taxi from the hotel to the restaurant. I need to make sure I get there by the 16:45 reservation.|I have booked your taxi as well. Is there anything else I can do for you today?
Could I get the contact number and type of car for the taxi please.|The car is a yellow tesla. Contact number: 07951091729
Thank you. Do I need a reservation number for the taxi?|No you do not need a reservation number for the taxi.  Is there anything else I can help you with?
I almost forgot; I need the hotel name, LOL.|Of course! Your reservation is at the Gonville Hotel.
Thank you so much for your help today.|No problem, you have a lovely day!
Can you tell me about the J Restaurant?|The J restaurant serves cheap asian oriental food in the centre of town. Their phone number is 01223307581. The address is 86 Regent Street City Centre.
Can you make reservations for 6 at 14:30 on Thursday?|Yes I certainly can! Your reservation was successful and your booking reference is 5F3KBH78.
You have been very helpful. Thank you. goodbye.|Glad to help.  Have a great day and enjoy your meal.  Good bye.
Hi, I am looking forward to trying some of your local restaurants.  I do need help with some other places to go in town while I am there though.|What is your food type preference?
I would say let's look for an attraction first. Can you recommend something to do in the south part of town?|There are several nice parks in the area as well as theaters and museums.
I will go with whatever you recommend, I just need the attraction type and postcode.|The byard art museum  postal code is cb21sj. Can i help you get transportation to and from the museum?
No, but I would like to find a cheap priced south african restaurant.|I'm sorry, but we don't have and South African restaurants in the area.  Is there a different type of food I can help you find?
Try Portuguese then.|There are two results. Both are cheap. Do you prefer the south or centre?
I would rather be in the south area.|The only option is nandos.
Can you book a table for me there on Thursday at 12:15?|How many people are in your party?
3 people will be dining. Please give me a reference number once you finish the reservation|I have finished booking it for Thursday at 12:15 for 3 people at Nando, your reference number is TDQZGM38.  Do you need anything else?
Thanks so much for putting up with me! You've been great!|You are welcome enjoy
I am looking for african food|There is one African restaurant listed called bedouin. Would you like more information for this restaurant?
Yes. I need the address please.|The address is 100 Mill Road City Centre.
Thank you, goodbye.|Thank you. Goodbye.
Can you help me find a guest house?|There are many options to choose from. What area will you be staying in?
In Cambridge for sure, but still deciding the location.  I need it to have free parking though,|I recommend the Acorn Guest House. It's a moderately-priced 4-star guesthouse in the north area of town.
That may work.  Do they have free wifi?|Yes they do, would you like me to book you or provide information?
Yes, I want to book for 7 people, 5 nights starting wednesday.|Would you like me to book it for you?
Yes, please make the booking for me.|Booking was successful.
Reference number is : Y3RBO3CR Can I help you with anything else?
Yes. I'd like a restaurant in the west that serves Indian food.|We have six option any price preference between moderate or expensive(no cheap options)?
I don't have a preference. Just close your eyes and pick one. I need to reserve a table for 7 on Wednesday at 17:15.|Okay, I've booked 7 for tandoori palace on Wednesday at 17:15. Your reference number is 2UK6E0HT. The address is 68 Histon Road Chesterton.
That's all I need today thanks for all the help. Bye|Thanks and enjoy your time.
Hello I am looking for a train leaving from ely and arriving at cambridge.|What day would you like to travel on?
Monday leaving after 8:00.|Train TR2987 leaves ely at 09:35 and arrives in cambridge at 09:52.  Would that work?
yes it will, please book for three and get the reference number|OK, your 3 seats on TR2987 are reserved, reference #D4K46W8T. Can I help you with anything else today?
I am also looking to get some Indian food.|Curry Prince is an Indian cuisine on the East side of town and in the moderate price range, would you like to try?
No I want somewhere cheap in the centre actually|There are three options available to you then. I recommend kohinoor. Do you want a table reserved?
Yes. please reserve for 3 people on monday at 11:00 and give me the reference number|The table is book and the reference number is TZS9RXI3.
That is all I needed, thank you and good day!|Okay, have a wonderful time during your visit!
I need help finding a portuguese restaurant located in the centre, can you assist me please?|Hi I found a restaurant. It is Nandos city centre and it is located at 33-34 Saint Andrews Street. Would you like for me to book it for you?
Is this restaurant in the cheap price range?|Yes, it is. May I help you book?
Yes, please book for Thursday at 12:45 for 7 people.|Booking was unsuccessful. Would you like to try another restaurant?
Hmm, okay, how about another restaurant in the same area and price range?|There are several.  The Gardenia served mediterranean.  You might be interested in it.   Ask and Zizzi serve Italian.
Okay let's try that place.|Great news I was able to book you into there and the reference number is 2HILQZBF.
Which restaurant were you able to book me into?|I was able to get you in at Ask on Thursday at 12:45 for 7 people. There is a new reference number, though. Use 0SLQNHXA.
Thank you. That is all I need.|My pleasure! Have a nice day.
Thanks, I'm all done here.|Thank you and I hope you enjoy the restaurant. Have a great day.
Can you help me find a moderately priced chinese food restaurant?|There are 4 moderately priced Chinese restaurants in the centre of town. Golden Wok comes highly recommended, would you like to book a table?
No, I'd just like the address and postcode please.|The Golden Wok is located at 191 Histon Road, Chesterton, postcode CB43HL.
I also need a moderately priced guesthouse.|What side of town would you like to stay in? Any specific rating?
It's more important to me that it has free parking.|OK, can I recommend Archway House?  It is a 4 star moderate guesthouse located in the north part of town.
I need to book that for 3 people for 5 nights from Tuesday please. I will need a reference number.|I have made your reservation for 5 days starting Tuesday for your party of 3. Your reference number is 9K38MMFD. Is there anything else I can do for you?
I would also like a taxi to take me between the restaurant and the guesthouse.|At what time would you like the taxi to meet you at golden wok?
I would like to leave the hotel by 10:00 Once booked, can you give me the contact number and type of car to look out for?|You will be looking for a Grey Honda & the contact number is 07887630209. Thank you!
Thank you for your help!|You're welcome! Is there anything else I can do for you?
Yes, can I get the address to the funky fun house?|What sort of place if the funky House?
Funky fun house is an indoor amusement attraction. I've heard it is a lot of fun. Do you have a phone number for it?|We have to change it to attratction
I'm sorry, I was thinking of another town. The restaurant, hotel, and taxi are all that I need for today. Thank you for your help!|Enjoy your day!
I'm looking for an Indian restaurant in the west.|Yes I have many options for you. How about the Tandoori Palace?
That might work.  What is the price range of Tandoori Palace?|It is an expensive restaurant on the west side of town.  Would you like me to reserve a table for you?
No that's OK, but could you give me their address and postcode please.|Sure, it is located at 68 Histon Road Chesterton in the cb43le post code.  Can I help with anything else today?
I believe that's all I need.  Thanks!|You are welcome.  Have a nice day.  Bye.
Are there any cheap cantonese restaurants in town?|Yes, there are many cheap restaurants in Cambridge! What type of food would you like?
I'd prefer Cantonese, but I'd be up for Italian if necessary.|I don't have a cheap Cantonese option, but I do have 5 Italian places in that price range. Is there an area in the city you'd like to dine at?
How about an italian place for 3 people at 17:45 on wedensday|I'd like to recommend la margherita, found in the North.
That would be great - can you make that reservation?|Your booking was successful. Your reference number is GGYMVIIA. Can I assist you with anything else today?
That's all I needed. Thanks!|Thank you, goodbye.
I am looking for a train that goes to Cambridge and arrives by 16:30.|I am showing 791 entries that will fit your criteria . Is their a specific day or departure location you would like ?
Yes, I need to leave Norwich on Friday.|Is there a arrive or leave by time you prefer?
I am going to cambridge on friday, leaving from norwich and I need to book 5 tickets. And can you please give me the reference number?|I have 10 trains that will have you arriving by 16:30.  Do you have a specific departure time?
I just need to arrive by 16:30 find a time close to that and help me get 5 tickets please.|I have booked you on the TR4828 departing Norwich from Cambridge at 14:16 and arriving by 15:35, the total is 88GBP and your reference number is HXYMACBP.
I also need help looking up a restaurant called hk fusion.|It is a chinese food in the centre. It is expensive and located at 21 Burleigh Street City Centre.
Could you book a table for me there please?  5 people on Friday at 20:00.|The booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is YB8DRR8X. What else may assist you with?
Thank you! I think that's all I need for now.|You are welcome, enjoy your stay in Cambridge.
I am looking for a restaurant in the centre that serves indian food.|Sure, what is your price point?
as cheap as possible|There are three restaurants: Kohinoor, The Gandhi, and Mahal of Cambridge.
ok lets try the gandhi, a table for 4 on sat at 14:15, and I need the reference number|The booking was successful and your reference number is 57DS952F.
I'm also looking for a train that leaves London Kings Cross on Saturday and arrives in Cambridge by 09:45.|I have train TR8885 that leaves at 07:17 and arrives in Cambridge by 08:08. Will that work for you?
Would it be possible to book that train for 4 people?|I have made your reservation for 4 tickets on TR8885. The total fee is 75.52 GBP payable at the station and your reference number is KO3L1QDO.
Thanks, that's all I needed today!|Thank you. Let us know if you need more help.
I'm a foodie and desperately need to find a restaurant in the centre. I'm treating myself so anything in the expensive range is perfect|What type of food would you like to try? I have many different places.
I'd like to be in the centre of town.  Surprise me with the type!  I need to book for 8 people on Wednesday 16:00.  Reference number please?|Booking at midsummer house restaurant was successful. They  serve british food, and the table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Reference number is : 4X5NDCA9.
I also need a place to stay. Cheap guesthouse will do.|Alexander Bed and Breakfast is located in the centre, rated 4 stars and has free parking and internet. Would you like me to make a reservation?
As long as it's cheap, then yes.|Okay, great!  How many will be staying, for how many nights, starting what day?
Hang on, I need to check on that.|Okay just let me know
Alright, I need rooms for the same group on the same day. We'll be staying for three nights.|OK, you're booked at the Alexander, reference #6HRQ154C. Can I help you with anything else today?
yeah, i need a taxi to get me from the hotel to the restaurant.|What time do you need to leave?
We'll need to get to the restaurant on time so we'll need to arrive by 16:00 to avoid losing our table. Be sure to provide contact number and car type.|Here's the information about your car: type	:	red tesla
Contact number	:	07274986037
Thank you. That is all I needed. You have been a wonderful help.|Thank you, and have a good day!
Please tell me where the restaurant HK Fusion is located. Thanks.|HK Fusion is at 21 Burleigh Street, City Centre. Would you like a reservation?
please reserve for me   table for two for today luch. thank you|What time would you like lunch?
I just need the phone number for that place.|The phone number is 01223355909.
I also need a moderate priced place to stay in the North.|great! i have eleven options for you!
Great, I would like it to be a guesthouse and have 4 stars.|Okay I recommend the Acorn Guest House.
Can I have the postcode, address, and phone number?|Yes, the phone is 01223353888.  Post code is cb41da and the address is 154 chesterton road.  Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, that would be all for today. Have a great evening.|Enjoy your stay.
Can you find me a Chinese restaurant?|There are 17 Chinese restaurants in town. What area of town are you interested in and what is your pricerange?
I would like for it to be in the centre. Price does not matter. I need a reservation for 8 at 11:15 on Saturday. Reference number after booking is complete.|You are booked for charlie chan for Saturday at 11:15. Reference number is 77TIE1S5.
Thanks a lot. I would also like for some places to go in town, how about a museum in the same area?|We have 11 museums in the town centre. I enjoy the museum of archaelogy and anthropology. Would you like information on it?
Please! Can you also provide the address with postcode and the phone number? I'd like to jot it down in case I get lost!|The address is university of cambridge, downing street. The postcode is cb23dz and the phone number is 01223333516.  Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, that will be all. Thank you!|You are welcome.  Have a nice day.  Bye.
I'm looking for an expensive restaurant in the centre.|I have many. Could we narrow it down a bit by the type of cuisine you may be looking for?
I'd like to try Indian cuisine. I a table for three  at 15:45 on Monday.|I can't seem to find a table that is available at that time. Would you be interested in trying a different day or a different time slot?
Yes, let's try for 14:45 instead.|Booking at Curry Garden was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : 3HVUQFTT. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, that was all I needed right now. Thank you, goodbye.|You're welcome, enjoy your meal.
I am looking for an attraction called Williams Art and Antiques.|I know the place! It's located in the centre and it's free of charge.
What is their postcode?|The post code for Williams Art and Antiques is cb12lj.
Thank you, I am also looking for an Italian restaurant in the centre.|Do you have a price range in mind?
I would like an expensive restaurant.|for when and how many in your party please?
For 7 people at 11:15 on Saturday, please.|I have 4 expensive restaurants in the centre, caffe uno is a good one. Would you like me to make reservations?
Caffe Uno will be fine. Yes, I'll need to reserve a table on Saturday. It will be at 11:15 for 7 people.|Ok, that booking was successful, and the table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Great I also need to get a taxi that can get me to the restaurant by 11:15|look out for a red volvo and the contact is 07479126194
Can I have a reference number for the restaurant?|The reference number for the restaurant is MXMOHDJ7.
I also need a taxi.|Booking completed!
Booked car type	:	red volvo
Contact number	:	07479126194
Can you email or fax me the information for my personal reference? Thank you for your assistance.|Your restaurant Reference number is : MXMOHDJ7. And your taxi contact number is 07479126194. Do you have a number I should forward this information to?
Nevermind, I wrote the info down. I'll text it to everyone else, it'll be faster that way. Thanks for your help!|Glad I could help.  Have a nice day!
Hi.  I'm trying to find a restaurant that serves Danish food.|I'm afraid there are no Danish restaurants in the city. Is there another cuisine you'd like?
How about thai?|There are two restaurants serving Thai food. Is the expensive price range okay for you?
I don't care.|bangkok city is a nice thai restaurant in the expensive price range.  Would you like their location?
Centre please|Correct, Bangkok City is located in the centre part of town. Would you like the specific contact information?
Yes, I will need their address and phone number.|The address is 24 Green Street City Centre, and the phone number is 01223 354382.
thank you very much!|You are welcome!
Thank you goodbye.|you are welcome, goodbye
Hello, I am traveling to Cambridge and I'd like to find an expensive place to dine in the centre.|kymmoy is in the expensive price range in the centre of town.
Can you make a reservation for 5 people at 18:00 on wednesday for me please?|Yes, I've booked your table, they'll hold it for 15 minutes. Your reference number is 4ATJMY42. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, can you help me find some places to visit near the restaurant?|Yes, there are many places to visit near the restaurant. What kind of attraction did you have in mind?
I'm not sure. What is available?|There is architecture, boat, cinema, college, concerthall, museum, nightclub, park, swimmingpool, theatre
Its my first time in town, so I dont know which places are good.  I am open to suggestions, so I will go with your recommendation|old schools is a popular architecture attraction located on trinity lane. It is free to enter.
Great, can I get the address and postcode.|The are on trinity lane and the post code is cb21tt. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
No, you've helped me with everything! Thanks, bye!|Thank you and enjoy your stay in Cambridge!
i am looking for a restuarant in the expensive price range and should be in the centre|I have found many restaurants with the criteria you gave me offering different kinds of food. Do you have a preference for type of food?
I would prefer welsh food, please!|I don't have any Welsh restaurants that meet your criteria. Would British or European be ok, or would you like a more exotic cuisine instead?
How about italian food?|How about caffe uno?
Sure. What is their phone number and address there|Caffee Uno is located at 32 Bridge Street City Centre and the phone number is 01223448620.
That is everything, still ironing out details, so I will call them later, thanks for your help.|You are quite welcome.  Do you need any further assistance?
That was all I needed for now. Thanks|Thank you for using our services.
I'm looking for an expensive indian restaurant.|I have 14 expensive indian restaurants. What area were you looking for?
Centre is fine!|There are 6 restaurants that fit your criteria. Would you like me to book a reservation for you at the one with the highest rating?
Yes, make reservations for 4 people at 18:00 p.m. on saturday.|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Reference number is : 78SLGY2S. anything else today?
book a table for 7 people at 12:15 on thursday and get me the reference number|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.Reference number is : EOOAGZCF. anything else today?
can i book a taxi to arrive by my reservation time?|Yes. Where are you departing from?
Oh my, I got ahead of myself. First, I need a place to go in the east for a boat attraction. Can you help?|I have the camboats located in the east.
what is their phone number and address?|They are located at the plough, green end, fen ditton.  Do you need any other information?
Their phone number would be super and then I need to book a taxi for getting to and from the camboats to the restaurant on time.|camboats' phone number is 01223902112
How about that taxi?|Okay I have booked your taxi. It will be a grey Skoda whose contact number is 07277217080.
Thank for your help! That's all I need today.|Glad to help, have an awesome weekend.
I am looking for a polish restaurant that is in the moderate price range.|Sorry, there are no polish restaurants in town. Perhaps you'd like to try a different type of food?
Could you find one that serves spanish food, instead?|Sure, we have la tasca, and la raza. Can I book one for you, if so for how many people and what date?
I will try la tasca. The booking is just for me on Monday at 15:30.|You have a table and it will be held for 15 minutes.  The reference number is 42Z6AY64. Can I be of further assistance?
I also need to find a place called Byard Art.|What type of place is that?
It's an attraction in town.  Can you find it by name?  I just need their phone number and the cost.|Sure!  The cost is free and their phone number is 01223464646.
Terrific!  I also need a taxi that will get me from Byard to my restaurant by the reservation time, please.|I was able to book a grey lexus phone number is 07863299997
That's awesome. Thanks. I think that will do it for today. Goodbye.|you are welcome to use our services anytime.
I'm looking for theatres in the centre of town.|The adc theatre is a nice attraction.
Great. Can I have the address please?|ADC Theatre is located on Park Street in postcode CB58AS. Their phone number is 01223300085. Can I help you with anything else?
I would love some help finding a nice restaurant to take my wife to. Something expensive.|Are you looking for a particular type of food?
Not really, but I would prefer it to be in the Centre also, close to the theatre.|There are a few options in the Centre including Bedouin, an African restaurant, and Midsummer House Restaurant, a traditional British restaurant. Do these interest you?
Let's do the Midsummer House.  I want to book a table for 3 people at 14:45 on wednesday.|I've booked your table! It will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Could i get the reference number please?|Your reference number is PIVQLKXA. Is there anything else I can help you find today?
No that is it. Thank you.|Thank you for using the Cambridge Town Info Centre Services. I hope you enjoy your time in Cambridge!
Yes I am looking for an expensive place to eat that is located in the city center.|There are quite a few restaurants in the center.  What kind of cuisine are you interested in?
Hmm. I feel like discovering something new. Which restaurant would you recommend?|I would recommend Papadoux they are very expensive and right in the center of town
That sounds great. Could you book a table for one at 11:15 on Friday?|I'm sorry, Papadoux is not coming up. There is an expensive African restaurant called Bedouin in city centre. Would you like me to try that one instead?
Yes, or any in the same expensive range and the centre area.|I apologize the Bedouin does not have any open seats for that day and time.  Would you like me to try another restaurant?
Yes one in the same area and price range please.|Okay I was able to book you into the Kymmoy, an expensive Asian restaurant in the center of town and your reference number is YCQWEGOS.
Great! Thank you so much for your help.|You're very welcome. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No thank you for all your help.|So happy we could be of service today. Enjoy your time in Cambridge!
I'm looking for places to go in town, can you make suggestions?|What type of attraction are you interested in?
I like a park that has vendors and kids can play|We have five parks to choose from, any preference in area?
Never mind.  Do you have any theaters in the east area?|I'm sorry, there are no theatres in the east area. Can I help you find something else?
Are there any museums? Will need the address and phone number. Also looking for a restaurant that serves fusion food in the same area.|There are four. Do you have a specific one in mind? I have the Cambridge Artworks, phone 0122390216, post code cb13ef. What area do you want the food to be in?
I was hoping for something in the east.|I'm sorry but there are no fusion restaurants in the east. Could I interest you in another cuisine or a different area?
How about British food?|Grafton hotel restaurant is an expensive british restaurant in the east part of town. Do you need anymore information or would you like to book a table?
No need to book it. I would just like the price range, postcode, and address. Thanks!|Its expensive and its located at Grafton Hotel 619 Newmarket Road Fen Ditton. The postcode is cb58pa. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Thanks for all your help. That will be all for today. Goodbye|Great! I hope you have a wonderful trip.  Bye!
I am planning a trip to see the Cambridge and County Folk Museum. What can you tell me about it?|Sure. The Cambridge and County Folk Museum is one of the oldest social history museums in the UK and offers a various and unique collection of artifacts.
I would like their entrance fee and address please.|their address is 2-3 castle street and their entrance fee is 3.50 pounds.
Great, thanks!  Could you also help me find a modern European restaurant in the centre?|There are four places to choose from.  They range from cheap to expensive.  Do you have a preference on the price range?
I would prefer something in the moderate range.|de luca cucina and bar would fit your needs. they are located at 83 Regent Street, phone 01223356666, cb21aw. Would you like me to book reservations for you?
Yes, make a reservation for Tuesday please|I'd be happy to! How many people and for what time would you like to dine?
3 people at 20:00 on teusday|Okay I will work on getting this done and get back to you.
Thank you. I will also need the reference number, please.|Your table has been booked. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.  Your reference number is : 0Z5IJB27. Can I be of any further assistance?
Yes, I will need a taxi from the museum to the restaurant to arrive by 20:00 on Tuesday. Can you book that for me?|Your taxi booking was successful. You will be picked up by a white audi. The contact number is 07915378958. Anything else I can do for you today?
Thank you so much for your time today. I appreciate your help! Goodbye!|Thank you for calling. Enjoy your trip! Goodbye!
I'm looking for a place to dine in the moderate price range and in the town centre.|Great! We have a wide variety of foods to try. Are you interested in a particular type?
I would like to try gastropub. Do you have one that serves that?|There is a restaurant called the cow pizza kitchen and bar on Corn Exchange Street.  Would you like me to book a table?
No thank you. Can you tell me the postcode, address, and phone number please?|The postcode is cb23qf. The address is Corn Exchange Street. And the phone number is 01223308871. Anything else I can help you with?
I'm looking for a place to stay that has 4 stars and is a guesthouse, what is there like that?|Acorn guest house looks like it matches your criteria, would you like to try that?
Great, can I get their postcode, address, and phone number?|There phone is 01223353888, postcode cb41da and address 154 chesterton road. Would you like me to book there for you?
Yes that would be great. Thank you.|Ok, what days would you like to book your stay?
I would like to book it for 3 nights starting Friday.|How many people would you like to book this for?
Actually I'm not sure yet how many people will be with me.  Can you just give me their phone number for now?|Sure. Their phone number is 01223353888. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, I do not think so. Thank you for your help!|You are very welcome. Thank you for using Cambridge TownInfo centre!
I am looking for a train that leaves Cambridge going to Leicester arriving by 16:15|We have 77 options available. Is there a certain day you want to travel?
Yes, I'd like to leave on Monday, going to Cambridge from Leicester.|TR6723 leaves on monday from cambridge arriving in leicester at 16:06.  Would that work for you?
Could I have the travel time and price for that particular train?|The travel time is 105 minutes and the cost is 37.80 pounds.
Okay, I also need a Chinese restaurant in the centre, please.|I have 10 restaurants in the centre area that have chinese. Do you have a certain price range in mind?
I'm looking for something in the expensive price range.|I would like to recommend Ugly Duckling. Would you like me to make reservations for you?
Yes, a table for 1 at 20:30. But could you check the train again? I need to leave from Liecester, not arrive there.|I have your table for 1 booked at the Ugly Duckling, Monday at 20:30.  The reference number is YDG81NJ5.  Just a moment while I check on the train.
Okay.  Sorry for the mix-up.  Thanks for checking.|Yes I can book that for you if you would like.
Yes, that would be great. Thank you.|Now that your reservation at Ugly Duckling is taken care of, is there anything else I can assist you with today?
No you have been a great help, thanks.|It was a pleasure to help you. Thanks for using our service. Goodbye.
Hi, I'm looking to see the sights. Can you tell me about Primavera?|sure it's a museum located in the centre. would you like their phone number?
and the area and postcode too please|01223357708i is the phone, cb21sj is the postcodein the centry area
i also want a place to dine in the east|What area would you like to be on?
I already told you that, pay attention|I have 9 restaurants in the east.  Do you have a food type or price preference?
Just something expensive, if you pay enough I'm sure the food is good regardless of the cuisine.|Grafton Hotel Restaurant is an expensive British restaurant. Their address is Grafton Hotel 619 Newmarket Road Fen Ditton.
Please book it for 5 people on Wednesday at 15:15.|You are all set for the grafton hotel restaurant on wednesday at 15:15 or 5 people.  Your reference number is O1OT731L. Is there anything else I can help with today?
That is all. Thank you!|your welcome! Have a nice day!
Hello, are there any Indian restaurants in the city centre?|We have many of those, but they're either cheap or expensive - nothing in between. If price is not an issue, I recommend Saffron Brasserie.
ok book us fir 8 on friday at 15 15|Your reservation at the saffron brasserie for this friday at 15:15 for 8 people was successful.  Your Reference number is : Q3IFEX40.
I would also like to know about a fun place in the middle of town.|Is there a type of place you might prefer?
Nothing in particular, I just need to know how much the entrance fee is.|The whipple museum of the history of science is fascinating and it is free! The address is free school lane. Do you need more information?
No thanks, but I do need a taxi. Would you be able to help?|Yes, will you need it to or from the museum?
From the restaurant to the museum.|What time would you like the taxi?
Sorry from the museum to the restaurant...I just need to be there in time for our reservation.|I have booked you a grey toyota taxi. The phone number to reach them is 07598086239.
Great, thanks so much!|You're welcome. Is there anything else I can help with?
No, I'm all set, thank you.|Have a wonderful night and enjoy your trip.
I'm looking for an expensive restaurant to go to.|There are 57 expensive restaurants in the area. Do you have a food type preference or an area preference?
What's your favorite place on the south side of town?|Frankie and bennys is a good, expensive Italian restaurant in the south area. Would you like me to make a reservation for you?
That would be great. Please make the reservation for 17:45 on Monday. Just 1 person.|Okay, you're all set! Reference number is 3AP8E11K, and the table will be reserved for 15 minutes. May I help with anything else?
That will be all. Thank you so much.|You're quite welcome. Thanks for contacting the Cambridge TownInfo Centre and have a great day!
I can't wait to get to Cambridge and try some of the restaurants I've heard about. Can you tell me about one of them? I think the name is Little Seoul.|Little Seoul is a Korean restaurant in the city centre which is in the expensive price range. Would you like me to book a table for you?
Yes, please. Table for 8 at 15:00 on wednesday.|I'm so sorry, but Little Seoul was unable to accommodate that reservation. Would you like to try a different day or time?
Can we do the same day at 14:00 instead?|The booking was successful, reference number is 0F3L674U
Great I also need to get a train on thursday leaving from cambridge.|Where will you be wanting to go?
I'd like to arrive in Norwich by 13:15 if possible.|I have a train leaving cambridge at 11:36 and arriving in norwich by 12:55. Would you like me to book that for you today?
Thats is great, I need it for 8 people as well, and can I get a reference number as well please?|Sure thing. Your booking was successful. Your reference number is : WOWBP7SK.
That's all I need. Thank you!|Thank you for contacting Cambridge TownInfo centre.  I hope you have a nice trip!  Goodbye!
I am looking for an expensive restaurant in the south part of town.|There is five restaurants to your request.
I would like Italian food.|Frankie and Bennys serves Italian food in the south part of town. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, what is their phone number and where are they located at?|Their address is Cambridge Leisure Park Clifton Way Cherry Hinton and phone number is 01223 412430
Thank you goodbye.|Thank you for using our system. Good bye
I want to find a cheap Italian restaurant. Can you help me out?|sure i have 5 options for you
Okay, pick one for me please. It should be in the west.|Okay, that leaves one option, and that's the La Margherita.  Would you like for me to book a reservation for you?
Yes, please. Can you reserve a table for 1 on Sunday at 19:30 please?|Your table is booked, reference #YTAMNAAO. Can I help you with anything else today?
No thank you. Not at this time.|You are welcome.  If I can be of any other assistance, don't hesitate to ask.
Hold on. I also need a hotel. Can you help? Something in the same price range and area as the restaurant.|I found The Cambridge Belfry, would you like me to book it for you?
How many stars is it and can you give me the phone number?|the cambridge belfry has 4 stars and you can call them at 01954714600
Perfect, thanks so much for your help today, that's everything I needed.|You are welcome. Have a great day.
I'm looking for a place to dine in the moderate price range in the east.|There are 3 moderately priced restaurants on the east side. Do you prefer Indian or Italian food?
Is there one with unusual food?|No, I'm afraid Indian or Italian are the only options.
Ok, tell me whats available in Indian food.|For indian food, I have the Curry Prince restaurant and Rajmahal. They are both moderately priced and located in the east. Can I tell you more about one of those?
Yes. Give me the address and postcode for one of those, please.|The address and postcode for Curry Prince is 451 Newmarket Road Fen Ditton, cb58jj. Is there anything else I can do for you?
No, that's all the information I need. Thanks for your help!|Enjoy! Goodbye!
I need a 3 star hotel in Cambridge, that offers a guesthouse, can you book it for me ?|Yes, hamilton lodge is located on 156 chesterton road.
If this guesthouse is available please book it for me.  By the way, what is the price per night?|I do not have the prices, what day would you like to stay, for how many nights, and how many people?
Before I book, is the guesthouse located in the south part of town and at what price range?|The hotel is found in the Northern part of town and it is in the moderate price range
Great can you book that for 1 person for 3 nights starting friday?|i have your room all reserved. The reference number is R1E3QVGT. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Yes, I am also looking for a barbeque restaurant in the same area and price range as my hotel.|Unfortunately, I could not find a barbecue restaurant using your criteria.  Is there another type of restaurant you would like to consider?
Yes, are there any modern european restaurants in that area?|There are no modern European restaurants in the North but there are 2 in the town center.  Do you want to book one or change type of restaurant.
I'd like to book one for the same group of people at 11:00 on the same day as before.|Neither of the restaurants in the centre are available at that time. Would you like to try a different time?
How about 10:00 on the same day as before?|I was able to book restaurant alimentum reference number is HCY10A2Z
thank you for booking that and the reference number|Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Yes please, I need to book a taxi to the restaurant from the hotel for the dinner reservation.|Ok, a grey honda will pick you up at the hamilton lodge in time to arrive at restaurant alimentum for your 10:00 reservations.  Taxi contact number is 07242149665. Anything else?
That is it for today. Thank you so much for your help. Good bye.|Thank you for using Cambridge TownInfo centre.  Please remember us for all of your future travel needs.
I'm looking for a cheap restaurant in the west area.|You have your choice of La Margherita, which serves Italian food, or Thanh Binh, which offers vietnamese cuisine.
Let's go with La Margherita. Could you book a table for 2 people at 13:30 on Saturday?|I was unable to book that, would you like me to try something else?
Yes as long as its in the same area and price range. I need a reference number too then please|I was able to get you into Thanh Binh. Your reference number is CLIBOL1Q.
Okay that is all I need for now.|Thank you and goodbye.
I am looking for a restaurant serving spanish food, please.|La Tasca is a moderately priced Spanish restaurant in Centre.
Please provide address and postcode.|The address is 14 -16 Bridge Street and the postcode is C.B 2, 1 U.F  Is there anything else I can help you with?
That is all. Thank you, goodbye.|You're welcome.  Good bye.
What train should I take to get to Cambridge by 14:45?|Could you be more specific on where you are departing from and what day you want to travel?
Depart from london liverpool street and should leave on monday.|Any arrival time in mind?
Yes, 14:45. Could you give me a departure time that meets my criteria?|Yes, TR7040 leaves at 11:39 and arrives by 13:07. Would that work for you?
I don't know yet. Do you know how much it will cost?|Tickets are 16.60 pounds
Okay. I am also looking for a restaurant. Are there any restaurants in the centre that serve asian oriental food?|There are several choices. Do you have a specific price range?
Nah. Can you just book me a table at your favorite one? 2 people at 20:45 on Monday, please.|I was not able to book a table at 20:45. Would you like to try another time?
How about 19:45 and give me a reference number|One moment while I try to make the reservation for 19:45.
I would like the reference number if it s successful please.|The reference number is 2DNK6C4B.
Thank you very much for the help. Good bye!|Thank you. Goodbye.
Hi, I'm looking for the location of the Carolina Bed and Breakfast please?|They are located in the east side.   Can I help with any other questions?
Could you please book me a stay for one person for 5 nights starting thursday?|I have made the booking here is the information-Booking was successful.
Reference number is : LYYMC1PY. Can I help with anything else?
Thanks for booking the lodging. Would you help with a restaurant? I want to dine in the center at a cheap restaurant.|I found 5 restaurant  that cheap and in the center of the town. Do you want me to book you a table ?
I would like an Indian restaurant please.|I would recommend The Gandhi. Would you like reservations?
Is The Gandhi cheap? If so, I'd like to reserve a table for the same group of people at 14:00 on the same day, please.|I am unable to book that right at the moment. Would you like me to check on another locations availability?
How about 13:00, does the restaurant have this time available?|I was able to book a table for 13:00 the reference number is C5ADLT6M. Is there anything else you need assistance with today?
That is all I need today. Thank you for your help.|I am happy to hear we were able to help you. Have a great day.
I would like to find a certain restaurant called the Maharajah Tandoori Restaurant. Can you find it for me?|It is located at 41518 Castle Street City Centre.
Great. Can you make me a reservation for 5 people at 14:30 on Wednesday.|The booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.Your reference number is : XL60G8AI.
Thanks so much. I'm also looking for a place to stay.|We have 33 places to stay in the area. Would you like to narrow down your needs, like price range or area?
Well I would like it to be moderately priced, 4 stars and include free wifi and include free parking.|I don't have anything that fits all your specific requests in that area.  Would you like to try a different area or would you be willing to change specifics?
Surely there's got to be a moderately priced 4 star hotel in the Cambridge area that offers free parking and internet. Can you please check again?|There are none in the centre area however there are some in the north, south, or east. Which area would you like?
it doesn't matter just book a room for 3 nights I'll need the reference number then too please|I've booked your hotel for a 3 night stay for 5 people.  Your reference number is  IO1X1H8Q.  Can I help you with something else?
No thanks that's all I need for now. Thank you for your help.|Thank you for contacting us and have a nice day.
I'd like to go to a restaurant that serves Chinese food for a moderate price.|I have 4 results for moderately priced Chinese restaurants. Would you prefer north of town or centre?
North of town.|Golden Wok is located in the north that serves chinese and is at a moderate price range. Does this work?
Yes can I book a table for 8 people at 12:00 on saturday, if booking fails how about 11:00? Also can I get the reference number please.|Alright, I will schedule you for Saturday for 8 people at 12:00, at Golden Wok, which is North.  Thank you
Also, I am looking for a place to stay.|The booking for 11:00 is the only one that worked. Reference number is : M2SLL9IE. Where you looking to stay in the North also?
I would also like a place to stay.|Not a problem. Do you have any preferences for the hotel or guesthouse?
I would like a guesthouse with free parking.|There are 21 guesthouses in Cambridge that offer free parking.  Do you have an area preference or a price range?
I would like to find a guesthouse that is expensive if one is available.|I'm sorry but there are no expensive guesthouses available. Would you like me to try a different price range?
Well, try one in the moderate price range.|We have 12 available, what area would you like to stay in?
Is there one available in the north?|There are several that fit that criteria. Do you require parking or internet?
I would like to book any moderately priced guesthouse for 4 people starting on Saturday for 4 nights.|I'm sorry, but I can't book any hotels with that criteria. Would you like to modify your criteria?
can you book something starting on sunday?|We may be able to find something if you shorten your stay. Would you like to try a different number of nights?
Did we not find any hotels in the expensive or moderate price range to accomodate 8 people for 4 nights starting Saturday?|I searched for 4 people. Shall we try 8?
I need the hotel for four nights, and eight people please.|I was able to book a reservation for 8 people for 4 nights starting saturday. Your reference number is HU7TJ6XU. Is there anything else you need today?
No, that will be all, t hank you.|Thank you. Have a great day
Goodbye have  a nice day!|Thank you goodbye!
I need a place to dine on crossover food. It should be in the centre|There are no restaurants that serve crossover food. Is there a different tyoe of food we can search for?
what about african food?|There is one called Bedouin.  Would you like a reservation?
I would, thanks. I need a table for 6 on Sunday, at 15:30.|Alright, I've got your booking taken care of and your reference number is 75CDS1UP.  Is there anything else I can help you with?
Ok, could you also give me some information about the aylesbray lodge guest house?|Yes, they are a moderately priced guesthouse in the south.  They are rated 4stars and include both internet and parking.
Would you be able to book one of those for me please?|I can, what are your arrival details?
The six of us will be arriving on Thursday.|okay and how long is your stay so I can book the room for you
I will need to stay 4 nights please.|Booking was successful.
Reference number is : ZF9U0U48.
I also need a taxi that arrives at he restaurant by the booked time.|How many people will be traveling?
It's just me. Is that necessary though?|I was able to book your taxi for you. It will get you to Bedouin by 15:30. Be expecting a blue Honda. Their number is 07893602795.
You have been a great help. Thank you so much. Have a wonderful day and keep up the great work. Goodbye|You are very welcome. It has been a pleasure to assist you today. Have a wonderful day and enjoy your trip. Goodbye
I am looking for a place to dine that serves modern European food that is located in the Centre.  What is your suggestion for this type of restaurant?|I have a couple of options for you, what price range would you like?
I'd like a cheap price range please.|the river bar steakhouse and grill matches all the things you are looking for .Would you like me to make you a reservation?
Yes, that sounds great. Can you reserve me a table on Tuesday for 6 people at 18:00.|I'm sorry, but it appears there is no opening for that time. would you like to try for a different time?
Yes try 17:00 instead please|Booked! Reference number: NA0XWZAR. Your table will be held for 15 minutes.
Thanks. I'm also looking for a train that departs from cambridge and leave after 11:15.|Okay, what is your destination and what day would you like to travel?
I'll be going to Stevenage on Wednesday.|I have train TR3685 departing Friday at 13:00 would that be suitable for you?
Yes, I think that will do just fine. What's the price and length of trip, please?|The price for the trip is 12.80 pounds and its 49 mintues
Okay, thank you for that information!|You're welcome! May I help with anything else?
That will be all, goodbye.|Train TR2874 leaves the earliest at 13:31. Have a great day!
I'm looking for a place to go in the centre.|Okay! What kind of place would you like to go?
I'm wanting to see the new Reese Witherspoon movie. Would they happen to have a cinema in that area?|Yes, this is the only cinema in the area vue cinema.
Could you tell me the postcode of that cinema?|Vue cineman is located in the centre of town. Their post code is cb11ps
Great!  I also want a restaurant in the same area, something expensive, please?|There are more than two dozen expensive restaurants in that area.  What cuisine would you like?
I'm not picky. Whichever one you choose will be fine. I just need a phone number, address, and postcode please.|Alright It's called Bedouin it's an African cuisine. The information is the following; phone 01223367660, address 100 Mill Road City Centre, and the postcode is cb12bd.
Can you reserve me a taxi? I need it to take me from the restaurant to the movies.|What movie theater would you like to go to?
Going to Vue cineman|Do you have a departure time ?
I want to leave the restaurant by 11:00.|Ok, I've booked you a taxi to the cinema. It's a black volkswagen
and the contact number is	:	07722633912
I need to buy a bus.|You need a bus as well as the taxi I already booked?
i need a taxi to leave the restaurant  by 11:00|Yes, I already booked that for you. As I said before, it's a black volkswagen and the contact number is 07722633912.
Thank you for booking the car for me.|Would there be anything else ?
That is all, enjoy the rest of your day.|I am glad that I can help. Have a nice stay.
I am looking for a moderately priced restaurant in the north part of town.|The nirala is located in the north part of town and in the moderate price range.
What kind of food is that?  Also what is the address and phone number?|Indian food.  The address is 7 Milton Road Chesterton and the phone number is 01223 360966.  Is there anything else I can help you find?
Thank you that is all.|Your welcome. Goodbye.
I need a place to stay in the east part of town|Okay, I can help with that. What is your price range?
Cheap please, and it doesn't need free parking.|The allenbell, autumn house and leverton house fit your needs. Do you have a preference? I'd be happy to book a reservation.
No thank you I just need the information for the hotel please.|The allenbell located 517a coldham lane, autumn house located 710 newmarket road and leverton house located 732-734 newmarket road. May i help you with anything else.
I will need a reservation afterall.  Could you book it for 2 people starting Friday for 2 nights?|Sure, do you want me to book the allenbell then?
The Autumn House, please.|No matching records found would you like to try another ?
Once you find the restaurant you want to book a table for the same group of people at 15:30 on the same day.|I can definitely help you book a restaurant.  In what area do you prefer?
The same one as the hotel please.|I have found the Grafton Hotel Restaurant that meets your requirements.  Would you like your reservations made for there?
Yes I need a table for 2 Friday at 15:30.|Your table is booked, ref# LMTYIDSX. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
You covered everything, thank you.|Thank you and have a great time in our great city!
Hi, I need to catch a train after 14:15 on Thursday.|There is a train that departs cambridge and arrives  at london kings cross on friday.
Oh, no, I need a train that leaves from Birmingham new street and go to Cambridge.|How about TR8121? It leaves at 14:40.
What time does it arrive?|It arrives in Cambridge at 17:23.
I'll need to know the price and travel time, and I am also looking for an expensive restaurant in the south.|The cost is 75.10 pounds per ticket. The travel time is 163 minutes. As far as restaurants I have 5 available. Which type of food would you like?
British food would be my preference.|Unfortunately there are no British restaurants in the South in that price range. Would you like to try a different type of food?
Okay, how about Chinese food.|There are two with your preferences, The Good luck Chinese takeaway and Peking Restaraunt.  Both are in the South, would you like me to book one of those?
No but can you give me the address, postcode and phone number for the Peking Restaurant please?|Sure. Peking Restaurant, 10 Homerton Street, City Centre cb28nx, Phone: 01223354755. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No thanks. I have all I need now. Have a good one. Bye.|Have a good day.
Can you help me find a moderately priced place to eat located in the centre?|Certainly, there are many restaurants that fit that criteria. Do you have a food type preference?
Yes, do any serve international food?|I have 2. The varsity restaurant and bloomsberry. Both serve international food and are in the moderate price range. Do you have a preference?
Can you check to see if either has booking for 5 people at 17:15 on monday?|Neither are available at that time. Would you like to try a different time?
No, I need 17:15 on Monday.  Perhaps a different restaurant in the centre with moderate prices?  Any cuisine is fine.|I was able to book you for the yippee noodle bar, your reference number is E6ERFBKG
Thank you and goodbye|Good bye to you, let us know if you need us again.
I need a place to stay in the west of town.|I have all price ranges and some guesthouses. Any preferences?
Yes, I would like a moderate price range with a 3 star rating.  It doesn't need free internet.|my records shows nome. can  we change location?
Can you recheck the same area that has free wifi?|Sorry I missed it before, I did find a moderately priced guesthouse in the west with Internet. The Hobson house. Shall I make a reservation?
yes, if it has a three star rating|It is. On what day will you be checking in, for how many nights, and how many people?
It will be for 6 people for 5 nights starting from Thursday.Can you get me the reference number?|I have your booking for the Hobsons House. Your reference number is A4UULB11. What else can I do for you today?
I'm looking for a restaurant in the same price range as the guesthouse, one that serves corsica food.|there is no place they serve corsica food. can you change the cuisine?
Yes!, Please find a reservation of a restaurant that serves Turkish food.|I have anatolia turkish located in the centre. It is moderately priced would you like to make reservations?
Once you find the restaurant you want to book a table for the same group of people at 17:30 on the same day.|I can go ahead and book that for you now.
Yes please, can i have the reference number?|I will get that for you now.
Did you book me  at Anatolia Turkish? I need to book for 6 on Thursday at 17:30.|You are booked at the Anatolia. Your reference number is IS9T6H2A. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. May I help with something else?
Great Thanks for all your help.|Have a nice day.
Hello there.  I am traveling to Cambridge and am most looking forward to trying some of your local restaurants.  Can you help me find a good one?|I can definitely assist you.  Did you have a type of cuisine or price range in mind?
Something moderately priced.  I don't have a cuisine preference.|I have 31 moderately priced options available. Do you have a particular area you're interested in?
Yeah, preferably in the center of town.|There are 21 different options in the centre of town. If you are looking for a great recommendation, I suggest The Cow Pizza Kitchen and Bar. They serve amazing food.
Excellent that sounds great.  I'm also looking for something to do. Can you find me an attraction in the same area of The Cow Pizza Kitchen?|We have lots of attractions in the Centre. What type are you looking for?
any that you willrecomend. i also want a taxi|I recommend the Holy Trinity Church on Market Street.  Can you give me a day and time you need a taxi?  I can get one for you.
I need the taxi to commute between the restaurant and attraction. I need to leave the attraction by 04:30.|I have the taxi reserved for you.  It will be a white Honda.  The contact number is 07053284393.  Can I help with anything else today?
Thats all I need today, thank you.|Thank you for contacting the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Goodbye
Hello.  Could you help me locate a good moderate restaurant in the south of the city?|There are 2 options. Pizza hut cherry hinton serves Italian food and Restaurant alimentum serves modern European food.
Do you have anyplace that serves Chinese food?|I'm sorry, there are no Chinese restaurants located in the south that is moderately priced.
OK I will go with Italian food and pick the Pizza hut cherry hinton. Thank you for your help.|Would you like me to book that for you?
Yes, please book a table for 4 people at 19:00 on Sunday. Thank you.|Booking was unfortunately unsuccessful. Can we try another day or a differen't time slot?
How about 18:00?|Good news! Your reservation has been booked for Sunday at 18:00 for 4 people. The reference number is YJ0B5W19. Is there anything else I can help you with?
That is all! Thank you!|Have a great day!
I'm looking for a restaurant called de luca cucina and bar|No problem, I've got it right here. They are located at 83 Regent Street and their phone number is 01223356666, is there anything else?
Yes can you help me with a reservation for Monday night at 18:15?|Yes, I can. How many seats do you need?
Just two. It's for my wife and I.|I am sorry I don't have that available, perhaps you would like to try another place to dine?
Yea is there another restaurant that has the same area and price as de la cucina and bar?|Yes.  There are five restaurants in that area in price range.  Would you prefer british or asian food?
Lets try for Asian please|yippee noodle bar serves asian oriental. Would you like me to book it
Could you give me some information on getting a train to Cambridge on Thursday?|I sure can! We have several trains that meet that criteria, do you have a specific departure point in mind?
Yes, I want to leave London Liverpool Street sometime after 10:15.|I can get you on an 11:39 departure. Will that work for you?
Yes, can you book that for 2 people and give me a reference number?|Your train has been booked, reference number is EC3AFT68.
I am also looking for a expensive restaurant located in the centre.|i'd like to suggest to you bedouin
Sounds great, can you reserve us a table? Same 2 people and on the same day. We'd like to eat at 17:00.|Reservations for the same day have been booked for the bedouin. The reference number is U5H97VUV.
I'm looking for a place to stay, some place expensive and with a 2 star rating.|I found the Express by Holiday Inn Cambridge.  It offers free internet and parking and is very nice.
I need it to be in the east.|It is. would you like to make a reservation?
Sure, I would love that.|For what day and time could you like the reservation to be made?
I'm sorry, I don't actually need a reservation. But can you recommend an expensive modern european restaurant in cambridge?|in what area are you looking for?
in the east, book a table for 3 people at 11:30 on tuesday.|I'm sorry there isn't an expensive modern european restaurant in the east. Would you like to try another area?
Yes please try the north area.|The only modern European restaurant is in the center of town.
Make a reservation for 3 people at 11:30 on tuesday, a taxi to commute between the two places by the booked time. I need reference number, contact number and care type.|Ok, I have your table booked at Darrys Cookhouse and Wine Shop.  Your reference number is NX1LAVOG.  Your taxi will be a yellow Skoda, contact number 07967910816.
Thanks.  You've been very helpful.|Is there anything else you need from me?
No that will be all thank you so much.|You're most welcome. Have a good time.
Yes, I need information on the restaurant Ali Baba.|Ali Baba is a Lebanese restaurant in the center of town. Their phone number is 01462432565.
Great, thanks. Could you book me a table for 1 on Saturday at 19:00?|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : 90ESSCNA. Anything else I can do for you today?
No thank you.|Thank you, have a good day!
I want to find an expensive restaurant in the east part of town.|What is the food type you would prefer?
I don't care. I just need to know the address, phone number, and postcode of the venue please.|How about Sitar Tandoori, It's address is 43 High Street Cherry Hinton Cherry Hinton, their postcode is C.B 1, 9 H.X, and their phone number is 01223 249955.
what is the food type of that restaurant ?|They serve indian food.
Thank you, goodbye|Thank You
goodbye|Good day!
I need a place to eat that is expensive.|There are many options for expensive dining.
Specifically, I would like an Indian restaurant.|There are a number of expensive Indian options.  Is there a specific part of town you were looking for?
Not really, as long as it is open on Monday and has room for 5 people.|It appears that the Curry Garden meets your needs! Would you like me to book that for you?
Yes, please make reservations for 5 people at 16:45 on Monday.|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Reference number is : J8918H0X. anything else i can help you with?
Thanks. I also need a train from Bishops Stortford to Cambridge.|What day will you travel?
I will be traveling on Monday.|OKay, is there a certain time you need to leave?
I would like to arrive by 11:00. Could you give me the departure time and train ID?|I can suggest the TR4448 arriving by 06:07.
Is there a departure time?|That train departs at 05:29.
Thank you. That is all that I need.|Thank you for contacting us and have a nice day.
Can you help me find and expensive Thai restaurant?|Sala Thong is an expensive Thai restaurant on the west side. Would you like to book there?
That would be great. I need a table on Sunday at 15:45 for 6 people, please.|I have made your reservation.  The reference number is S2AY04JF.  Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
Thank you. I think that's all I need today, goodbye.|Thank you for calling, enjoy, goodbye!
Are there any museums in Cambridge?|There are about 23 different museums to choose from. To help narrow it down, do you have a part of town you prefer to visit?
I'd like information of cambridge museum of technology.  What is their phone number please?|The phone number is 01223368650. Anything else I can help you with?
Can I have their address?|The address is The Old Pumping Station, Cheddars Lane. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I am also looking for a place to dine in the moderate price range.|I found 110 restaurants. Please tell me what type of food you like to help narrow the search so i can best serve you.
I'm thinking british food. oh, and if it's in the west that'd be even better.|There is Saint Johns Chop House that meets your criteria, would you like me to book it?
Sounds great! I want to book a table for 7 people at 18:30 on wednesday.|Great your booking was successful and they will hold your table for 15mins your reservation number is O447NKTY. Can I help you with anything else?
I will also need to book a taxi.|I can do that! I just need your departure and arrival sites and the time you need the taxi.
I'd like to leave the museum in time to get to the restaurant on time.|Okay, you have a car that will come get you.  It will be a blue BMW.
What is their contact number?|The contact number is 07601724141. Is there anything else I can help with today?
No that's everything for me. Thanks. Bye!|You are welcome! Bye!
Is the travellers rest restaurant still open?|It appears that they are open, but their number is 01223276182 to verify. Does that help?
Can I book a table for six people on Sunday? At 12:15?|Reference number is : 7WXPZ42X. Anything else?
I also need to find a train from ely to cambridge.|Let me narrow down the choices. What day will you be traveling? And, what time do you want to arrive or depart?
I will be traveling on Sunday.|Alright I have 10 trains. Please tell me when you want to leave or arrive
I'd like to arrive by 08:15. Please select the first option that comes up and book for 6 people, then send me the reference number|The booking was successful and your reference number is CKRJK7NI.
That is all I needed, thank you!|Thank you for using our services. Have a great day!
Thank you. Goodbye.|lad we could help, call back soon!
I would like to find a cheap indian restaurant to dine at.|There are 4 cheap Indian restaurants in town. Do you prefer to go to a specific area of town?
Yes, I want to go in Cambridge and I will need the address, postcode, and area to find it.|There are 4 restaurants that meet your request.  Can you tell me what area of town you'd prefer?
I have no preference but I would like an attraction to visit in the city center.|I would recommend the Royal Spice restaurant in the north, on Victoria Ave in Chesterton, postcode cb41eh.  What area would you like your attraction to be located in?
I would prefer it to be in the centre. Could you give me the address and postcode?|Can I recommend kohinoor, it's address is 74 Mill Road City Centre,and the postcode is cb12as.
What sort of attraction is Kohinoor?|I'm not sure, Kohinoor is not listed in my database.  Are you sure you spelled that correctly?
I need a taxi between the restaurant and the hotel .|what time would you want to leave?
I would like to leave by 6:30.|Just to double check ... you want a taxi at 6:30? In the morning?
Yes, I would like to leave by 6:30 in the morning please|I see that we haven't discussed hotel reservations. Before I book a taxi, can you tell me where you are staying? Or can I help you to make a reservation?
Sorry, I misspoke. I need a taxi from the attraction to the restaurant, please, leaving by 06:30.|Ok we have a taxi booked between Kohinoor and Royal Spice, a red Toyota. Contact number is 07391598275
That's all that I need for now.  Thank you for your help.|Alright. Thank you for calling.
Have a great day now.|You, too. I hope you have a wonderful trip to Cambridge. Goodbye.
I'm looking for a place to dine that serves Vietnamese food in the East.|Sorry, there are no Vietnamese places in the East. Would you like to try a different area?
Yes, I am willing to go to a different area for Vietnamese food.|Thanh binh is in the west part of town
How about an international restaurant instead on the east?|The Missing Sock is a cheap restaurant on the east side of town that serves international food. Would you like more information on that place?
Yes please. Can I get the postcode.|Sure, the phone number is 01223812660.
Not the phone number, the postcode, please.|My apologies. The postcode is cb259aq.
Thank you very much.  I am all set.  Bye.|You are welcome.  Good bye.
hi I want a train to Ely arrived by 13:45, can you help me do that?|What time do you want to depart?
Any time is fine as long as it's on Saturday.|There is only one train that would meet your criteria closely and it leaves at 11:50 and arrives  in Ely at 12:07. may I book that for you?
Yes, please. I will need 8 tickets, and please give me the reference number once you book.|First, may I confirm that your departure site is Cambridge?
That is correct.|I have successfully booked you 8 tickets. Your reference number is 0YY5WZQ6. Is there anything else you need?
I also need a Thai restaurant in the moderate price range.|I'm sorry, but there are no restaurants that meet your criteria. Would you like to broaden your search?
What about a restaurant that serves european food? I'd like the phone no. and postcode to that, please.|There are 5 places that serve European. Did you prefer modern European, or just European food in general?
Just european food in general, please.|How about the Galleria? Their phone number is 01223362054 and the address is 33 Bridge Street, the postcode is cb21uw
Sounds lovely. Thank you so much for all of your help!|Thank you for using this system.
I am looking for a cheap restaurant that serves Cuban food.|I am sorry there are no Cuban restaurants in the cheap price range. Is there anywhere else you will like to search for?
Could you look for Chinese restaurants instead?|There are 3 in the centre and one in the south. Charlie Chan is one of the cheap Chinese restaurants in the centre.
Can I get the address and phone number of Charlie Chan, please?|Charlie Chan's phone number is 01223 361763 and the address is Regent Street City Centre. May I help you with anything else?
Thank you, that is all I need.  Goodbye!|Thank you, goodbye!
I'm headed off to college soon and want to check out one of the campuses while I'm in the area. Can you help me find one?|Definitely! What area of town are you planning to visit?
Area doesn't matter. I'll just need an entrance fee, phone number and postcode for any of them.|Well there are 18 different colleges that match your request. Unfortunately I need more information from you to do my job. Can you help by narrowing down the area?
Which one would you recommend?|I would recommend Trinity College. They're located in the centre of town at postcode cb21tq. You can reach them by phone at 01223338400 and they list a 1 pound entrance fee.
I also would like to find a restaurant serving British food that is expensive.|Would you like me to find a British restaurant in the same area as Trinity College?
Yes, that sounds good!|I recommend Fitzbillies Restaurant, would you like me to book it for you?
That's alright, I just want to know the phone number and postcode please|Fitzbillies Restaurant has a phone number of 01223352500 and a postcode of cb21rg. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Please arrange for a taxi to pick me up from the attraction at 11:30 and take me to the restaurant. Give me contact number and car type.|A grey toyota is booked for you. You can call 07178077198 to contact them. Will that be all for you?
That is all I need, thank you good bye!|You're welcome, have a safe trip.
I am looking for a restaurant serving turkish food in the centre part of town.|Anatolia is a Turkish restaurant, it is in the moderate price range, and it is in the centre part of town. Would you like the phone number?
I don't care.|Is there anything else you want?
Yes, I would like a different selection please. What other places serve Turkish food?|There is efes restaurant in the moderate price range and meze bar restaurant in the expensive range. Both of them in the centre. Do you like their information?
Thank you goodbye.|Thank you and good bye.
I want to find a moderately priced restaurant in the south part of town. What is the phone number and address?|restaurant alimentum is a moderately price restaurant in the south area of town. their phone number is 01223 413000 and their address is 152 - 154 Hills Road.
Thank you, goodbye|You're welcome and thank you for calling. Goodbye.
I'm looking for a guesthouse to stay at with free wifi included please.|Sure, is there a particular part of town you'd like to stay in?
I do not care as long as it is moderately priced and has free parking.|Arbury lodge guesthouse is in the north part of town, would you like to book there?
Yes please. It needs to be for 4 people for 4 nights starting on Monday.|Great!  I've got it booked for you, and your reference number is BDXD5TFL.  Is there anything else I can help you with?
I also need to find a place to dine. It should serve British food and be in the moderate price range.|I recommend the Oak Bistro in the center of town. Fantastic food and service!
Okay please book a table for  the same group of people at 16:45 on the same day|your all set, reference #MG7EZ1DS. Anything else today?
That would be all.|Ok great, have a wonderful day.
I'm looking for a hotel with free wifi that is cheap|There are ten opitions, that meet your needs, do you have any other preferences?
I want it to have a 4 star rating and have free parking, please.|The belfry would suit your needs. Shall I book it for you?
I need to get a reference number first. This booking is for 7 people and 3 nights starting from thursday.|Your reference number is 23U2JK9A.
Excellent. I'm also looking for a restaurant.|What kind of food would you like?
I want a restaurant that serve belgian food|I do not see any restaurants with belgian cuisine. Would you like to try something else?
How about some cheap italian located in the north?|The Da Vinci Pizzeria matches those qualifications. Would you like a reservation or more information?
Yes please. For the same amount of people on the same day at 14:15.|Your reservation at Da Vinci Pizzeria has been made for a table for 7 at 14:15. They'll hold the table 15 minutes, and your reference number is P6I1DFWJ.
Could you also help me with a taxi between the hotel and restaurant?|I have booked you a taxithat will pick you all up 13:45. the car type is  grey skoda  and the contact number is 07001660178
Thank You for all your help.|Is there anything else that I can do for you?
No, that will be all, thank you.|It was a pleasure to help you today. Have a nice afternoon. Goodbye.
I would like a moderately priced restaurant in the west part of town|There are three moderately priced restaurants in the west part of town. Do you prefer indian, italian, or british?
Can I have the address and phone number of the Italian location?|Prezzo is at 21-24 Northampton Road, and can be reached at 01799 521260. Can I be of further assistance?
That's it. Thank you, goodbye|Thank you for using our system. Good bye
You may help me by finding a Muslim restaurant for me to eat at please.|I'm sorry, but I'm not showing any Muslim restaurant listings.  Is there another type of food you would like to try?
can you book the backstreet bistro for me ?|sure when would you like to eat?
I'd like to book a table for two around 19:45 on wednesday.|I was able to book a table for two at the restaurant.  Your confirmation number is DI0KD8LZ.  The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Thanks. Next can I get some info on theatre's in the centre?|I have four places there, what would you like to know?
Can you recommend one for me please?|ADC is a good place, what would you like to know?
Could you give me their address?|The address is park street. Is there anything else I could help you with?
I would also like to know about any attractions that is in the centre of town that is a theatre type.|There is also Cambridge Arts Theatre, Mumford Theatre, and The Cambridge Corn Exchange.
Could I get the address for the Cambridge Arts Theatre?|The cambridge arts theatre is located at 6 saint edward's passage. postcode cb23pj
I would like to find a cheap restaurant in the centre.|There are quite a few options in that price range and area. What kind of food are you interested in?
How about Asian Oriental?|Hey I've found dojo noodle bar, how does that sound?
Sure, thank you! Will you please book a table for 2 people?|What day and time would you like ?
I need to reserve it on Monday at 14:00. There will be 2 people dining.|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : SBH0ATGU.  Anything else I can do for you?
Thank you so much.  Could you also get me the address for the Cambridge Museum of Technology?|The address is The Old Pumping Station, Cheddars Lane. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
That was everything I needed, thank you!|Do you need anymore information?
No, you took care of it all. You were very helpful. Have a great night! Goodbye.|I'm glad I could be of assistance.
I'm looking for a restaurant called pizza express Fen Ditton, do you have any information on it?|Yes, What would you like to know about it?
Can you tell me if they have a table for 8 available at 12:45 Monday?|Yes they certainly do. I made you a reservation for Monday and your reference number is 8V5QECRH.
Wait, I need to change the booking to friday.|No problem; I've updated your reservation to Friday. Your new reference number is RJQO3OZ0. Can I help with anything else?
Yes, I also need a train after 18:15 on Saturday.|Sure I can help you with that.  Where would you like to depart from?
I'm leaving from cambridge, and I need to go to bishops stortford.|The TR4673 leaves at 19:29, you'll arrive by 20:07. Would you like to book it?
Yes, I would like to reserve seats on that train. Same group from the restaurant.|Thank you for all your information. Enjoy your lunch at Pizza Express Fen Ditton.
Thank you very much!|enjoy your stay in Cambridge!
I am looking for a chinese restaurant in the south.|There are 3 Chinese restaurants in the south.  Two are expensive and one is cheap.  Would you like more information or to make a reservation?
Yes could you book a table for 5 at any one of them please?|You are booked at the good luck chinese food takeaway. Your reference number is ARDCXT6O
Thanks so much. That will be all for today.|Have a great time!
Hi, I'm looking for an expensive restaurant in the south part of town.|Do you have a certain type of food in mind?
I don't care|Frankie and Bennys is an expensive Italian restaurant in the south part of town. Would you like their address?
What other options are there?|In the expensive range there are two chinese restaurants and one indian in the south part of town.
What is the address and phone number of one of them?|The peking restaurant is located at 10 Homerton Street City Centre, and the phone number is 01223 354755.
That will do, thank you!|thank you and good bye
I need something to do in canbridge in the centre that has lots to do with sports|I don't see anything located in the centre of town that has to do with sports. Is there another area I can look up for you?
how about a concerthall ?|There is the man on the moon at the concerthall in the centre, would you like the phone number?
yes please find me their address and phone number|The man on the moon concerthall is located at 2 norfolk street, postcode cb12lf, phone number is 01223474144.  Can I help you with anything else today?
Thank you. I also need a german restaurant.|There are no german restaurants in cambridge.
wow! what about european food?|There are 11 European restaurants. Do you have a price range and area in mind?
I am looking for modern european food in the moderate price range. Any area is okay.|Since you are going to be in the centre of town already, how about de luca cucina and bar? It is moderately priced.
book that for 4 people at 15:15 on saturday|You booking has been confirmed, your reference number is DZZPYFOD. Can I help with anything else?
Thank you! I also ned a taxi that goes from the concert hall to the restaurant, and arrives by the time of my reservation. Can you pleas help with that?|Booking completed!
Booked car type	:	red skoda
Contact number	:	07017968837
Thank you!  That will be all today!|Thanks for using our service!
I'm looking for yu garden, can you help me find it?|Yes. Yu Garden is located at 529 Newmarket Road Fen Ditton. It's phone number is 01223248882. Do you need anything else?
Would you please book me a table for two at 14:30 on Monday?|The booking was unsuccessful, would you like to find another restaurant?
What is the area and price range for the Yu Garden, please?|Yu Garden is an expensive restaurant in the East part of town that services Chinese food.
That sounds great. Could you book it for me please, and give me the reference number|Yu Garden is not open then, shall I try another place to dine?
Yes, please try another different restaurant in the same area with same price range.|I was able to book grafton hotel restaurant reference number is PC2VLUZW.
Thank you, that is all I need. Bye.|Okay glad I could be of help.
I am looking for Nandos city centre in Cambridge, can you give me directions?|It is located at 33-34 Saint Andrews Street
Great.  Can you let me know the price range and phone number of the restaurant?|Nandos is rated in the cheap price range. Their number is 01223327908.
In which area of town is it found?|It is in the centre. I can make you a reservation if you like.
Not right now.  But could you  please also find a museum to go to in the east?|We have 4 great museums in the east, but my favorite is Cambridge Artworks, at 5 Greens Road. It's free to get in!
Great.  Thanks for all your help!|I'm glad I could help. Do you need anything else today?
No, you were of much help and I appreciate it|Thank you for contacting us today and have a nice day.
I am in center area and need a moderately priced restaurant please.|Yippee noodle bar on King Street meets your requirements if you want asian oriental cuisine.
Actually I'd like european food, please.|We have 4 options for you. Would you prefer european or modern european?
European, please. I want a table for 3 people at 13:45 on Saturday.|The galleria meets your needs.  Would you like me to book it for you?
Yes, and can I get a reference number?|Unfortunately the Galleria does not have any openings at that time. Would you like to try a different day or time?
Can you try 12:45?|I was able to book a table for three at 12:45.
Can you give me the reference number for that please?|Yes, the reference number is MU055FG9. Can I help you with anything else?
Yes, I also need a hotel. It should be moderately priced, include free wifi and be in the centre of town.|I have Cityroomz in the center that is moderately priced and offers free wifi. Would you like to book that?
Can you tell me what type of hotel this is please?|It is a moderately priced hotel in the city's centre. No stars.
Can I get it's postcode?|It's located in Postcode CB12TZ. They can be reached at 01223304050 if you have more questions. Would you like to book a room?
No that's all the info I needed I need a taxi between the hotel and restaurant though to get me there by 12:45.|I was able to book a yellow audi. The contact number is 07525058220.
Okay, thank you, that's all I need.|Thank you for using our system!
Can you help me find a college to visit?|Does location matter?
Location is not important for me|I have 18 that match. Do you have any other preferences?
pick for me and I would need the area and postcode|clare hall is in the west and the postcode is cb3al. Can I help with anything else?
Actually, yes. I am really in the mood for good indian food. Could you help me find somewhere new to try?|We have a lot of indian places in cambridge. Do you have a preference for price range or location?
I would like a moderately priced one on the east side.|Curry prince is a moderately priced Indian restaurant. Address 451 Newmarket Road Fen Ditton.
what their postcode?|Their post code is cb58jj.  Is there in any other information your needed?
Yes, could I also have their phone number please?|The phone number is 01223566388. Would you like me to make a reservation?
no reservation please, I also want to book a taxi to commute between the two places.|Please tell about your departure and destination sites.
I need to leave clair hall by 24:45 going to curry prince. I also need the contact number and car type please.|A white volvo car will pick you up at clair hall at 24:45 and the contact number is 07113259690. May i further assist you today?
no thanks , that is all for today|You're welcome, have a great day.
I would like a restaurant in the east part of town that serves british food|There is one british restaurant in the east part of town called grafton hotel restaurant. Would you like the phone number?
Yes, please along with the phone number and the post code.  Thanks.|It's located at the Grafton Hotel restaurant.  The phone number is 01223 241387, and the postal code is C.B 5, 8 P.A.
Wonderful, thank you.|No problem, have a good time. Good bye.
Hello! Are there any cheap restaurants in the centre?|There are 15! Are you looking for a particular type of cuisine?
No just one that I can book for friday would be good.|What time would you like to book and for how many people?
16:00 on Friday please for 6 people.|zizzi cambridge is an italian restaurant in the centre, shall I book?
Yes, can I also get the reference number?|Your reference number is AZ5ZZKQ0.
Thank you, I also am looking for a train that goes from cambridge to stansted airport|I can help you with that.  What is the date and time you need to travel?
I need to arrive by 09:45 Saturday.|I can get you on one at 8:40. Would you like me to book it?
Yes, please. For 6 people.|I can book you on TR5580 which will leave cambridge at 08:40 and arrive at stansted airport b 09:08.  How many shall I book it for?
I would need 6 tickets please and the reference number.|The total fee is 48.48 GBP and is payable at the station. The reference number is  J1U2HA9U.
Thank you. That'll be all!|Thank you for using Cambridge TownInfo centre. Please consider us for your future travel needs.
Yes, I'd like to know what there is to see in the center of town.|There are over 40 attractions in city centre. Do you have any ideas on what type of attraction you'd like to visit?
Some type of fancy architecture would be neat.|all saints church has some stunning architecture and is located in the centre. It's also free to visit!
Great, I like free!  Can you give me the postcode and phone number to all saints church please?|Phone number is 01223452587 and postcode is cb58bs.
Thanks! Can you also tell me about J Restaurant?|Absolutely, its an Asian Oriental restaurant, listed as cheap price range, & located in the centre area.  Would you like me to book a table for you?
Yes please, for 5 people at 13:00 on Tuesday.|The booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Reference number is : EIYUL9L9.
Can you book me a taxi to take me from the church to get me to the restaurant for my reservation?|No problem.  I've arranged for a blue Ford to pick you up at All Saints in time to reach the restaurant at 1 pm. The number is 07245127340. Anything else?
No that will do it. Thanks a lot. Goodbye.|you are welcome to use our services anytime.
I need a train to Cambridge please. I plan to leave out on Tuesday|Sure, no problem. Where are you heading in from?
I am leaving peterborough.|What time do you need to travel?
I need to leave after 14:15|TR9964 departs peterborough at 14:19, or there is also a later one that leaves at 14:48. Do either of these suit your needs?
Um, the one at 14:48 please. Could you book it for 6 people?|Your train is book it will cost 99 GBP and payable at station. Your reference number is 7ZNQOMB8. Anything else you may need?
Yes. I'm looking for a restaurant called Gourmet Burger Kitchen. Can you tell me the price range and area that's in?|I sure can. Gourmet Burger Kitchen is on the expensive side and it's located in the center area of town. Anything else today?
No, that's it. Thanks for your help. Goodbye.|Thank you for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Goodbye
I am looking for a moderately priced hotel.|Sure, there are 3.  Is there a particular part of town you prefer?
No, but I am looking for a 4 star hotel.|I see no 4 star rating hotels, there are 2 hotels with 2 star rating in that price range.  Would you like information on those?
I really am interested in a 4 star hotel and would rather not settle for a 2 star hotel.|If you would be willing to stay at a guesthouse instead, I have 11 different moderately priced 4-star guesthouses available throughout the city.  Would any of these be acceptable?
Yes, that sounds good. Can you recommend one of those?|I would recommend Acorn Guest House, moderately priced and includes free parking and internet. Would you like a reservation?
What's the postcode?|The postcode is cb41da
Great, I am also looking for a restaurant in the centre of town in the moderate price range too.|We have 21 places, I would hate to steer you toward something that wasn't a match, any food preferences?
i would really enjoy some international food.|The Varsity restaurant and Bloomsbury restaurant both offer international food. Could you like a recommendation?
Let's go with the Bloomsbury. I need a reservation for Tuesday for 7 people.|I will book that for you now.
Thanks. Can you book for 15:45?|Ok   I will book it for you
I'd like to find a French restaurant on the north side of town.|There is one french restaurant in the expensive price range called Restaurant two two, would you like a reservation?
Yes let's do one for 6 people at 16:00 on sunday.|They will hold your table for an extra 15 minutes for you.  Your reference number is 16ONTU2A. Can I help with anything else today?
I also need to find a guesthouse please, preferably one with 3 stars that is near the restaurant.|And on what day would you like to begin your stay?
I'll be starting my stay on sunday and it'll be 3 nights and 6 people|Do you need parking or wifi?
I don't need either.|Alpha-Milton guest house is the best choice. Would you like a reservation?
Yes. I already told you 2 turns ago what the specifics of my reservation are. Please complete it and give me the reference number|You are booked and your reference number is U9RGKUMM. Anything else?
Could you book a taxi between the two places?|I have completed the booking for you. The contact number is 07299510083 and your driver will be driving a white audi. Is there anything else?
That's all I needed today! Thanks for all your help! Bye!|I'm glad to be of service, and thank you for using the Cambridge TownInfo Centre!
I am looking for a moderately priced restaurant in the centre of Cambridge.|There are 21 restaurants that meet your needs. Would you like to narrow your search by type of food?
Yes, I would like to find something with south african food.|There are no restaurants in the centre of Cambridge that serves South African food. Would you like to try a different type or a different price range?
What about one in the centre of cambridge that serves spanish food?|There is La Tasca located at 14-16 bridge street. Would you like me to book a table for you?
Yes please, make a reservation for 8 people at 13:00 on friday.|I'm sorry, but it looks like they have no openings at that time. Would you like to try a different day or time?
Yes please try 12:00 with the reservation for 8 and once made, send me the reference number.|Ok. I have booked a table for 8 at 12:00. Your reference number is 797L5BG6. Can I help you with anything else today?
Yes I'm also looking for a place to stay|I can help with that. Do you have any specifications?
The hotel should include free wifi and doesn't need to have free parking.|We have 32 places for such criteria. Do you have an area in mind?
I need it in the same area as the restaurant.|I have 5 different options available to you. Is there a price range that you prefer to stay within?
I want the hotel to also be in the centre and moderate price.|okay then cityroomz is your only option. do you want me to book it for you?
Can they handle 8 people? And we'll need it for 3 nights starting the same day as the restaurant reservation.|Ok I have booked your reservation for 8 people on friday. Your reference number is LS1TUGN7. Is there anything else I can help you with.
Yes, I would also like  to book a taxi to the restaurant.|I have booked a taxi to take you to La Tasca for your reservation.
Can I get the contact number? And what type of car is it?|A blue toyota will be picking you up. Their contact number is 07880874608.  Just to confirm you wanted to arrive by 12:00, correct?
Yes that is correct. Thank you!|Is there anything else I can help you with?
Nothing else, thank you very much.|You are very welcome.
I need to book a train from Norwich to Cambridge.|There are several what day and time would you like to leave?
I need to leave on Monday and arrive by 17:45.|Of course! I'd recommend the TR0192 train, which arrives by 17:35. Would that work for you?
Could I please get the price and the train ID?|The train id is TR0192  and the cost is 17.60
I also need a restaurant. Can you do that?|Yes. What type of resturant do you need?
fusion food would be ideal.|I'm sorry, there are no fusion restaurants in Cambridge.  Can I find a different type of cuisine for you?
Try chinese food instead.|We've got 17 Chinese restaurants. Is there a part of the city or a price range you had in mind?
Can we get a restaurant in the cheap price range. It will be for 5 people at 20:30, on the same day|I have 3 cheap Chinese restaurants in the centre and 1 in the south, which would you like me to try to book?
Pick your favorite and book it. We are a party of 5 and we'd like to eat late, like 20:30, on the same day as that train you found for me.|I was not able to book any of those 4 at 20:30, would you like to try an earlier time?
Could you try for 19:30 please?|That was successful. Your reference number is WM46ALL4
Thanks for all your help|Thank you for using our system!
I need a taxi to take me to the hotel from the airport now, can you give me the number to call?|What specific time do you want to leave?
Never mind. I'm looking for a guesthouse to stay at. It must be in the north and 4 stars.|The Acorn Guest House is in the north and is rated 4 stars.
Okay great. Could I have their postcode and phone number?|The phone number for Acorn Guest House is 01223353888. The postal code is cb41da. Is there anything else I may help you with?
Yes I am looking for information on the Sesame Restaurant and Bar.|The sesame restaurant and bar serves Chinese food, located in the centre area at Hills Road City Centre, postal code cb21nw17. You can contact them at this phone number, 01223358899.
I need a taxi to commute between the two places. I want to leave the Restaurant at 15:45. Can I get the phone number and type of car?|A red volkswagen will take you from the acorn guest house to the sesame restaurant and bar. The contact number is 07193707133
Ok, great. Thank you very much for your help.|Do you need any further assistance today?
No, that is all. Thank you.|Outstanding. Have a good rest of your day!
I would like to stay at Rosa's bed and breakfast in cambridge. can you give tell me their contact information and location?|Rosa's Bed and Breakfast is a charming guesthouse located at 543 Roseford Road. Their phone number is 01 223 512 596. Shall I get a reservation set up for you?
No, I just need information today thanks.  So, it is a bed and breakfast right?  I don't want a hotel.  Any parking or internet available?|Yes it is a bed and breakfast, they do offer internet and parking.  Is there any other information that you need?
looking for a place to dine in moderate price and in the south|I have to places. Is there a specific type of food you would like?
Yes chinese please.|would you prefer another type of cuisine? i do not have a chinese restaurant that meets your criteria.
How about checking Modern European food?|I recommend Restaurant Alimentum at 152-154 Hills Road.  Great food.
That's a wonderful suggestion. May I have the phone number and postcode, please?|The phone number is 01223413000. The postcode is cb28pb. May I help with anything else?
No that will be all for today. Thank you for your help. Goodbye|goodbye and enjoy your meal.
I'm looking for a restaurant that serves belgian food|There aren't any belgian restaurants in the area. Would you like to search for something else?
Portuguese, please.|For portuguese food, there is Nandos in the south part of town or Nandos City Centre. Would you like the contact information for either of those?
Yes, please.  I will take the phone number and address for Nandos in the south area.|Absolutely, nandos is located at cambridge leisure park clifton way. Its phone number is 01223327908. Would you like anything else?
Thank you goodbye.|Thank you for choosing our system. Good bye
Can I have the contact information for the Fitzbillies Restaurant.|Contact information for Fitzbillies Resaurant is telephone number 01223352500
thank you get for that. i will give them a call.|Can I help you with anything else?
Yes, thanks, I am also looking for a train. I'd like to leave on monday, heading to cambridge.|There are over 202 trains that arrive in cambridge on monday. Might I help find the best train by asking where you wish to depart from?
I would like to depart from ely.|There are 10 trains going to Cambridge from Ely on Monday.  Is there a certain time you would like to depart by?
Yes, I'd like to depart any time after 21:45. Do any trains fit that time frame? If so, could I have the train ID, travel time, and when it will arrive?|There is one train leaving after 21:45 on monday. It is TR4724, leaving at 23:52 for a duration of 17 minutes, arriving at 23:52.
What would the price be for that train?|Correction I apologize TR4724 leaves at 23:35 and arrives by 23:52. It's price is 4.40 pounds by the way. Let's find one leaving after 21:45.
Train TR4724 is fine. What is the travel time?|The travel time is 17 minutes. Will that be okay?
So TR4724 leaves at 23:35 and arrives at 23:52 correct? If so that would be fine.|That is correct. How many tickets will you need?
I can go ahead and book on my own, thanks. Thank you for the info. That was all I needed for today.|You're welcome. Good-bye.
i would like an expensive restaurant that serves irish food|there are no matches for that search
How about modern european food?|There's darrys cookhouse and wine shop, located in the centre of town. Would you like their information?
Yes please, I would like the address and the phone number.|Darrys Cookhouse and Wine Shop is located at 40270 King Street City Centre. Their phone number is 01223 505015.
Thank you.  Goodbye!|you are welcome is there anything else i can help you with?
No, thank you. Goodbye.|Have a nice day!
Is there any place serving cheap indian food?|I found three in the centre part of town and one in the north. Which area do you prefer?
I don't care.|Kohinoor is an indian restaurant, in the cheap price range and in the centre. Do you want the address and phone number?
Of course!|Kohinoor's address is 74 Mill Road City Centre and the phone number is 01223 323639. May I help you with anything else?
no thank you . that's all I need. good bye|You're welcome. Goodbye.
I'm looking for a train that will depart from bishops stortford and that will arrive by 11:45. I'm looking forward to a good lunch in Cambridge!|There is a train everday that arrives at 10:07
ok thank you, lets book that one|How many seats would you like to book on TR9178?
I would need seats for 5 people please.|I have you booked on TR2083 arriving in Cambridge at 10:07.  It will cost 50.5 payable at the station.  Reference EEBGS9FF.
Thank you. Can you also help me find a good Italian eatery? I'd like it to be moderately priced, please.|Sure, I can help you with that.  What section of town were you looking for?
The area doesn't matter. Please recommend a good place if you could. I need a table booked for 5 people at 16:45 on Tuesday.|My all time favorite italian food place is Prezzo. It is located in the west. Would you like me to reserve you a table?
yes, it'll be for the same group of people.|For what day and time is the reservation for 5?
Same day tuesday, lets try for 16:45, get a little ahead of the dinner crowd.|Your reference number for your reservation is 7E1MPES0 and they will hold the table for 15 minutes. Is there anything else that I may assist you?
That is all, thank you very much|You're welcome, have a great day!
i am visiting cambridge and want to go to a theater in the east side.|I'm sorry, there aren't any theatres on the east side, but there are several in the centre and one on the south side.
Maybe a museum then?|We have four options, but i recommend the gallery at twelve a high street, would you like more information?
Yes, can I get the postcode?|Certainly. They are in postcode cb15dh. Can I assist you with something else?
Thanks. Can you help me find a restaurant called pizza hut city centre? I want to book it for 2 people this wednesday at 18:00. And I'll need a reference number|Booked. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number: 3BOBENIO.
Great, thank you that was all I needed today!|Thanks for letting Cambridge TownInfo centre assist with your trip! Have a great one.
I need to find a train leaving Cambridge on Wednesday.|I'd be happy to help you find a train. What is your destination?
I am looking to go to norwich.|I have many trains for you. Did you have a departure or arrival time in mind?
The train should arrive by 21:30|TR7855 will arrive at 20:55 if that works for you
That sounds goo. Can you book for 4 people?|Your booking was successful. The total fee will be 70.4 GBP and your reference number is K82OYK3I. Can I help you with anything else?
I am also looking for a restaurant on the east side of town.|There are several to choose from. The Grafton Hotel Restaurant serves classic British fare, but is on the expensive side. Does that sound good or were you looking for something else?
Yes it sound good, can you book table for 4 people at 16:30 on Wednesday?|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Your reference number is: 57035G2J. Is there anything else I can help you with?
That's it. Thank you for your help.|Enjoy your train ride and dinner!
I am looking for a mexican restaurant in south cambridge|There is a restaurant called Chiquito Restaurant Bar that is in the expensive price range. Do you want the address?
Yes. Actually can you make a booking for me?|What day,number guests and time of day you would like to dine?
Actually, can you just send me the address?|Their address is 2G Cambridge Leisure Park Cherry Hinton Road Cherry Hinton
I am needing a place to stay with a star of 3 and free wifi please.|There are several options that meet your criteria, what is your price range and what area are you looking for?
i need something cheap|I don't have anything meeting that criteria. Can I try something else?
Do you have an expensive hotel that meets my other criteria?|Sure. There are two. The Gonville Hotel, and The Lensfield Hotel. Would you like me to book one of those for you?
Either of those sounds great. There will be 8 of us for 5 nights starting on Sunday. Can you book that, please?|I am unable to book either of those options. Is there anything else I can do for you?
Darn. Why don't we try booking it for tuesday instead then?|I think the system is down, I am unable to make any bookings.
Is the system back up now?|I can try to book it again.
That would be great, thank you.|I booked you at the gonville, your reference number is J782KUH9, anything else today?
Nope, that's all I needed. Thanks for your help. Goodbye!|Have a great day.
Hello, I'm planning a trip to Cambridge and looking to make a reservation at a restaurant called the "Royal Standard". Can you get me the information for that restaurant please?|Royal Standard's phone number is 01223247877. They are located at 290 Mill Road City Centre.
What is the food type and price range?|They serve gastropub cuisine and are in the expensive range. Can I book that for you?
No thank you. I'm also looking for a 4 star guesthouse.|I am showing 5 types of guesthouses. Four of them have free wifi and parking. How long were you planning on staying?
I'm not sure yet. I'll take a place with free wifi.|Is there a particular area in which you'd like to stay?
I don't have a location preference but can you give me the phone number, postal code and price range?|Of course. I would recommend the allenbell. It is a cheaper hotel. It's postcode is cb13js. The number is 01223210353.
Ok. I will take it.|Great! Would you like me to book a room for you?
No thanks.  Is there another with free wifi?|the alexander bed and breakfast has free wifi.
Alright, thanks for the information. That was all I needed for today.|You're very welcome, have a lovely day.
I am looking for places to go in the centre of town.|What types of attractions are you interested in going to?
I don't know.  Can you make some suggestions?|There are many churches in the area to check out.
A church sounds great.  It doesn't matter what type church it is.  Will you pick one and send me the address including the postcode?|The address to all saints church is 	jesus lane.
Can you also find me a restaurant?|What type of food would you like?
Reservation for 3 at 13:00 on Saturday at the Ugly Duckling. Please provide reference number. Book a taxi to arrive before the booked time. Phone number and car type.|I have booked a table for 1300, for 3 people at the Ugly Duckling, reference #JBZ7ORDO. Where do you need the taxi to meet you?
At the church  going to the restaurant, would like to get there before the reserved time of 13:00|I've arranged for the taxi to get you to the restaurant by 12:45. You'll be picked up in a Black Honda. The contact number is 07690050237.
Alright thank you very much.|I hope you have a pleasant stay!
I was wondering if you can help me find an expensive restaurant in the centre?|fitzbillies restaurant is the centre of town, serves british food and is in the expensive price range.
Okay I would like to book a table for 7 people at 15:30 on Friday. Can I get the reference number please?|Your booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Your reference number is : RD9D3ZLR.  Is there anything else I can do to assist you?
Yes please, I am also looking for a train that will take me to Peterborough from Cambridge.  Is there anything available?|What day and time are you planning on traveling?
I'm looking to leave after 12:00 on Saturday.|TR5711 will leave at 12:06 and arrive by 12:56. It will cost 13.20 pounds. Would you like to reserve seats?
Can you book it for me and get a reference number ?|I need to know how many tickets you will need please.
all seven in my party please.|Your booking on the TR5711 was successful. The reference number is 1DQZ1SD7. The total fee of 92.4 is payable at the station.
What is the travel time for that trip?|it is 50 mins travel times
that's perfect. I think this is all i need for now.|Okay, have a great day!
I'm looking to find a place to stay in Cambridge, if you could help me?|Sure! I can help you with that. Are there any particular amenities you are looking for in a hotel?
I'm looking for a place that has free wifi, in the expensive price range, and it should be a hotel with a 4 star rating.|There is huntingdon marriot hotel in the west and university arms hotel in the centre, do you want me to book you for one of them?
Can I get the phone numbers please?|Huntingdon marriott hotel's number is 	01480446000. University Arms Hotel's number is 01223351241. Is there anything else I can help with?
I also need a place to eat that serves indian food and should be in the south|I have the Taj Tandoori that is in the expensive price range. This is the only option I have. Would you like a reservation?
No thank you.  This is all the information I need at this time.|Ok.  Have a nice day!
i am looking for attractions in the centre part of town.|There are lots of attractions in the centre! Do you have a specific type in mind?
Not really. Would you be able to recommend one?|All Saints Church has great architecture and is free.
Sounds great. Can I get their address and phone number please?|All Saints is on jesus lane, phone is 01223452587
I am also looking for an Indian restaurant in the same area.|There are several, do you have a particular price range in mind?
No. As long as its in the same area, please book me a table for 2 at 15:00 for monday.|Great!  How about the golden curry, expensive price range restaurant in city centre.  I have made reservations as requested. Your reference #aycp806a.  Will this work?
Yes, thanks! Can I also get a taxi from All Saints to the Golden Curry? I need to make sure I make it there by the reservation time.|You're all set!  You'll be picked up by a blue Volvo; the contact number is 07138116280.  Can I help you with anything else?
No, thank you. I think I have everything I need at this time.|Thank you for using our services. Have a wonderful day!
I would like to eat in the Center of town at a expensive place.|For Town Centre, there are African, Asian Oriental, and British options. Which of these would you prefer?
How about African? I'd like to book a table for 7 at 16:15 on Tuesday.|I have booked a table at bedouin African restaurant for 7 people at 16:15 tuesday. Your reference number is VAZCWIS6. May I help with anything else?
Nope that's all I needed! Thanks!|Okay great. Enjoy your dining experience.
I am looking for a restaurant in the north part of town serving persian food.|There aren't any restaurants serving Persian food in the north part of town. Would you like me to look in a different area?
Are there chinese restaurants in the north part of town?|There are three Chinese restaurants in the north part of town. What price range would you like?
Any price range would be fine.|There are three restaurants that serve Chinese food in the north part of town. Would you like me to list them?
Please provide a phone number for one of the restaurants.|Golden Wok is a chinese restaurant located in the north part of town, and the phone number is 01223 350688.
Can i have the phone number to one more restarant please?|The Hakka also serves Chinese food and is on the north side of town. Their phone number is 01223 568988. Is there anything else I can help you with.
No, thank you.  That is good.  Good bye.|Thank you for using our system. Good bye
Can you provide information about Clare Hall?|it is a college situated in the west, do you need the address?
I just need the area it is located in and the phone number please.|It's located in the west and the phone number is 01223332360. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
I am also looking for a restaurant in the centre in the expensive price range.|I have many restaurants. Is there a type of food you would enjoy?
I really love mexican. Do you have one that serves that?|unfortunately, i do not. are there other cuisines that you like?
okay, how about indian food.|Curry Garden is a nice indian restaurant in the Centre. Should I book you any tables?
That sounds nice, can I get their phone number please?|Sure, the phone number  is 01223302330.  Is there something else I can help you with today?
Can you also book a cab to get me to the restaurant in time for my reservation?|No, problem, I just need to know what time you wish to get there and where you'll be arriving from.
I want to leave the restaurant by 11:45. Going to Clare Hall.|Okay, you'll be picked by a black lexus. Their contact number is 07229815705
Wonderful, you made me excited for this trip now can't wait!,  That is everything, thank you.|You are very welcome. Goodbye.
I'm looking for some boats in the East, actually.|The camboats are located in the east, how's that?
That might be good. What is the entrance fee?|I do not have information on the fee.
Ok, thank you. I'm also looking for a restaurant called don pasquale pizzeria.|Don Pasquale is in the centre. Would you like me to make a reservation?
Yes, please. For 5 people at 14:00 on monday.|Your booking was successful with reference number 1RF57JD7.  Oh, by the way, your table will be reserved for 15 minutes.  Enjoy!
Thank you for the reference number. Goodbye!|Have a lovely stay in Cambridge!
I am looking for a hotel in Cambridge.|There are over 30 places of lodging in the city. Would you prefer a certain part of town, or a particular type of lodging such as a guest house or hotel?
Just a 4 star guesthouse that has free parking please.|What area would you like the guesthouse to be in?
Do not care what area,it will be for 2 people and for 4 nights starting Wednesday.|Would you like me to book you at the acorn guest house? It has free parking and it's a 4-star hotel.
Can we book it for 2 people for 4 nights?|I am sorry I couldn't get that booked for you perhaps another day or a shorter day possibly?
Could you try it for one night only?|Yes booking is available for one night,would you like me to place it?
Yes please, and I'll need the reference number.|Ok I have made that reservation for you the reference number is OXWO0RWD.
I am also looking for an expensive mediterranean restaurant in the west.|I'm sorry there are no matches for what you are looking for. Would you like something else?
Yes, how about a restaurant that serves Indian food?|There are 5 Expensive Indian restaurants in the west. I recommend Cocum. Would you like me to make a reservation?
Cocum sound fine, but I just need the postcode, please.  No reservation.|Of course.  The postcode for the Cocum is cb30ah.  Is there anything else I can help you with?
Thank you! That's all I need. Goodbye!|Enjoy your meal!
I need help locating a moderately priced Italian restaurant.|There are 5 results. What area would you like?
I don't care which area, as long as I can make a reservation.|I recommend pizza express Fen Ditton, The restaurant's address is Jesus Lane Fen Ditton.
Please reserve a spot for me and two other friends (3 total) on Friday at 17:15.|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Reference number is : 1MYWH06H.
I'd also like a place to stay with free wifi in the west.|There are four places to pick from any other preferences?
How about a 4 star rating hotel?|Okay, I found two options for you:  The Huntingdon Marriott Hotel and The Cambridge Belfry.  Do either of those interest you?
I would like it to be in the west.|The Huntingdon Marriott Hotel is a fine 4-star hotel in the west. How many rooms would you and your friends require and I'll make the reservation on your behalf.
Do they have free parking?|Yes they have free parking and free internet. Would you like a reservation?
No, thank you. I would just like the hotel's phone number.|their phone number is 01480446000.
Great, thanks.  I'm also going to need to get a taxi to the restaurant from the hotel for our reservation time.|I have you a taxi. A Yellow Ford. You can contact them at: 07153648167
Thank you very much today. That is all.|You're very welcome! Bye now!
I'm looking for a moderately priced steakhouse.|I'm sorry there are no moderate priced steakhouses, would you like to try another price range?
I'm sorry. Can you check the south and see if there is one?|I'm sorry there are still no matches. Would you like me to check for a different type of food?
Sure, are there any moderately priced Italain restaurants in the south?|Yes, I have a match. There is a Pizza Hut Cherry Hilton. Would you like the address and phone number?
I think I can find it.  Could you book a table for 8 on Friday for 16:45?|You're all set. Your reference number is UTUFXTA1.
Great! Thank you!|You're welcome they will hold the table for 15 minutes. Would you like anything else today?
I am also looking for an attraction in the same are.|I have eight attractions in that area.  What type of attraction would you prefer?
I don't have a preference can you make a suggestion?|I would recommend tenpin it is entertainment.
That sounds good can I get the postcode and phone number?|Their postcode is cb17dy and their phone number is 08715501010.
I'll a taxi to get between the 2 places.|I can help with that.  What time do you want to depart?
it will be late at night around 22:00|I have booked your taxi. Be expecting a yellow Toyota. Please call 07036604181 should you need to reach them.
Thank you so much, Have a great Day!|You're welcome! Likewise!
Hello, I am looking for a moderately priced restaurant that serves european food.|Would the centre part of town be convenient for you?
I don't care.|May I suggest the Hotel du Vin and Bistro?
Can you please give me the address and phone number?|Their address is 15 - 19 Trumpington Street and phone number is 01223 227330.
Thank you!|Thank you, goodbye.
Hello, can you give me information on williams art and antiques? I need their address, phone, and postcode please. Is there an admission fee? Will I need taxi from Cambridge?|That museum is located in the centre and is free admission.
what is their postcode?|The address for Williams art is gwydir street, no. 5 dale's brewery with postcode cb12lj
Thank you, I need to find an Indian restaurant in the south that is expensive.|The Taj Tandoori meets all your requirements, should I go ahead and book it for you?
Yes, book it please and can I have the address. Thank you|The address is 64 Cherry Hinton Road Cherry Hinton.
Thanks, I'm all set now. Take care!|Thanks for using Cambridge TownInfo centre. Have a wonderful trip!
I'm looking for architecture in the centre of town. Can you help me with this?|Certainly. There are four churches and a school you could visit.
What is the entrance fee for the school?|For the school it is free.
Could I also get the phone number for the school?|the phone number for old schools is 01223332320
Can i get the post code too please?|Yes the postal code is cb21tt.
Ok, I'm also looking for a cheap place to grab some food. Maybe carribean?|We do not have any Caribbean options here, can I lookup another cuisine type or narrow it down by anything else?
Hmmm how about Italian then|There are 15 Italian restaurants in the city, could you give me a preferred location, so I can narrow the options down?
I just want a cheap italian place. Choose one you recommend for me. Then I need help reserving it.|I recommend dining at ask. How many people for your reservation, and what day and time?
6 on Thursday at 16:45 please|You are booked and your booking reference number is I3JNKDOD.
I will also need a taxi.|Okay, when and where are you going?
Old schools to the restaurant.|What time would you like the taxi?
I would like to make sure the taxi arrives at the restaurant by my 16:45 reservation.|Your all set, a yellow lexus will be picking you up in time for your reservation the contact number is 07323746090, is there anything else?
Thank you for your help today, I do not need anything else.|You are welcome enjoy
I want to find an expensive restaurant in the east part of town. What is the phone number and type of food?|grafton hotel restaurant serves british food, is in the east part of town and in the expensive price range.  Their phone number is 01223 241387
Ok, thank you.|You're welcome.
Yes, please help me find a restaurant in the center of town.|There are 69 restaurants in the centre of town.  You can narrow it down further by price range or cuisine type.
It should be in the moderate price range.|I have 4 that serve british food and 1 that serves asian.
I would like to book the asian one for tuesday.|What time and for how many people would you like to book?
19:00, for 6 people.|The booking was unsuccessful, would you like to try a different location?
As long as its in the same area and price range that will be fine I also need the reference number too|I was able to get you a booking at restaurant one seven.  It is british. Will that one be good?
Yes can, I please get the reference number?|Okay your reference number is 9RXQYEIO.
Thank you for all your help.|You are welcome. Have a great day!
I am looking for a restaurant that serves asian oriental food in the centre of town.|Do you have a price range preference? There are two cheap, 1 moderate, and 1 expensive.
I'm interested in a cheap place. What can you tell me about those?|We have dojo noodle bar, and j restaurant which are both cheap restaurants in the centre of town. Would you like to book one of those?
Yes, get me a table for two at Dojo noodle bar on Wednesday at 16:00|There are no tables available at the time requested.  Would you like to try another time or day?
Hmm.. can you try at 15:00 instead?|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : H6OB1O8J. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, that will be all.  Thanks!|Thank you, goodbye.
I need to find a train leaving after 21:30 from Cambridge.|I can look that up for you! What day will you be traveling on and where is your destination point?
I am leaving on Saturday and going to Birmingham New Street.|The first train after 21:30 on Saturday is the TR5413, leaving Cambridge at 22:01. Would you like to reserve a seat on this train?
That'll work. How much does that cost and how long does it take to get into Birmingham new street?|It takes about 163 minutes and it costs 60.08 pounds. I can help you book a seat on the train whenever you're ready
No, I will just buy my ticket at the station.  Thanks.  Can you help me find a restaurant?|There are a lot to choose from. Can you give me more information to find the perfect place?
Is there anything in the city Centre that sells Afghan food?|I'm sorry but I am not finding any. Would you like me check for a different type of food?
Yeah, how about modern european?|There are 4 restaurants to choose from that serve modern european food. What price range would you rather: expensive, moderate or cheap?
Moderate would be fine, but any of them will do, as long as I can get in today, at 17:45.|I have de luca cucina and bar or riverside brasserie. Would you like reservations at one of these?
Sure, let's try de luca cucina. I want to reserve a table for 1 person on saturday at 17:45. I will need you to give me a reference number|Your reservation for a table for one at De Luca Cucina and Bar is all set for Saturday at 17:45. Reference# is 1W5J6F3G. Is there anything else I can help with?
That is all I needed, thank you. Good bye!|Your welcome. Keep us in mind if you need assistance in the future.
Hi! Can you give me some information on the Golden Curry restaurant?|The golden curry is an expensive indian restaurant located in the centre of town. Is there anything else you would like to know?
That sounds great. I would like a table for 5 people at 19:00 on tuesday.|Unfortunately, that day/time are unavailable. Would you like me to try a different time or day?
Okay try 18:00 instead.|That time is available, so I've made your reservation. The reference number is OSHZUPSD. What else can I do for you?
That's all that I needed today, thanks!|Great. Glad I could help. Enjoy your meal.
Thanks, I will. Bye!|Thanks for contacting Cambridge TownInfo centre. Bye!
I need to leave london kings cross and arrive at cambridge by 11:00.|Do you have a day you want to travel on ?
I want to travel by train on Friday.|The TR5686 will have you in Cambridge at 10:08.
Great I need 6 tickets and the reference number.|Your reservation on the TR5686 train for 6 was successful. Your Reference number is : FD35AIJM.
Great. Can you also tell me about the bedouin restaurant?|Sure, the Bedouin restaurant is located in the centre of town at 100 Mill Road City Centre. Their phone number is 01223367660. They serve african food. Is there anything else?
Yes, what is there postcode?|their post code is cb12bd.
Great, that is everything I need.  May your day be filled with awesomeness.|thanks have a great day
Hi, I'd like a 3 star hotel please. And also internet!|I have some moderately priced guesthouses and some expensive hotels that meet your needs. Do you have a preference?
Actually, I don't have a lot to spend. Do you have anything in a cheap price range?|Sorry, but I don't have any cheap 3-star places in town.
Okay, why don't we splurge a little. How about telling me what you've got that's expensive?|The Gonville Hotel in the centre and The Lensfield Hotel in the south are both 3 stars and expensive. Would you like to book one of them?
I'd like to book a room at the Gonville for 5 people. We'll arrive on Saturday and will stay for 4 nights, please.|Perfect!  Your booking was successful.  Is there anything else that I can help you with?
May I have the reference number for my reservation please?|324XPFHG. is your  reference number, anything else?
I am also looking to eating Italian, in the East part of town.|We have the pizza hut fen ditton, would you like me to make reservations?
Could I get the address and price range first?|Sure, the address is Cambridge Retail Park Newmarket Road in Fen Ditton and the price range is moderate.
Thank you that's all I needed today.|You're very welcome, enjoy your time in Cambridge!
i'm looking for rosa's bed and breakfast|Rosa's Bed and Breakfast is a cheap 4 star guesthouse in the South area of town. Would you like any more information?
No, that's great, thank you. Could you reserve rooms there for 3 people for 3 nights starting Thursday?|Let me look and see if I can find you a room for three people for three nights starting on Thursday.
If that doesn't work, please try for Sunday.|You are all booked. Reference number is 69V5E4KX.
Are you aware of any Scottish restaurants in the south?|No I am sorry there no Scottish restaurants available in the South.  Would like to try another area?
No, what type of cheap restaurants are there?|In the south there are 2 cheap restaurants. One is Chinese and the othe is Portuguese.
I prefer the portuguese restaurant.|Nandos is a very popular restaurant serving portuguese food in the south area of town in the cheap price range. Would you like more information or to book?
Can you book for the same group of people at 12:00 the same day?|You're all booked. Your table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Thank you! What is the reference number please?|Reference number is : 8T2T8N3Q.
Thank you. That is all for today.|You're welcome, have a great day!
I am looking for an attraction called great saint mary's church.|great saint mary's church is at Market Square, their phone number is 01223350914, and their postcode is cb23pq. Do you need any more information?
Is there price for admission? what type of attraction is it?|It's the architecture type and there is a 2 pound entrance fee.
OK thank you.   I also need a place to dine that serves austrian and that is cheap.|Unfortunately there is not a cheap Austrian restaurant in the area, is there another type of food you would like?
What about Chinese food?|As for chinese food, I have 4 different restaurants. There are several in the centre of town and 1 in the south. Do you have a preference?
The one in the south will do. Could you give me their postcode and phone number please?|Sure, it's the lucky star Phone number is 01223244277, and postcode is cb17dy. Can I book a table for you?
I can book it myself, thanks. However, I will need a taxi from great saint mary's church to the lucky star.|I can help with that. Do you have a departure or arrival time in mind?
I would like to leave the church by 24:30.|Is there a time you would like to arrive by?
Nope, I just need to get there eventually! Please send me the contact number and car type when you get the chance, thanks!|The car type is a Black Lexus and you can contact the driver at 07315214015. Anything more today?
No, I think you covered it. Thanks!|You're welcome! Have a great day!
I'd like to find a north american restaurant in any area. I'd  like the address, phone, and price range.|Gourmet Burger Kitchen is a restaurant serving North American food and in the Expensive price range. The phone number is 01223 312598 and the address is Regent Street City Centre.
Thank you, goodbye.|You're welcome. Good bye.
Good bye.|Thank you.  Goodbye!
I am looking for a restaurant. The restaurant should be in the south and should be in the cheap price range|How about nandos, I've heard great things!
Is that restaurant in the south? I"d like to book for 4 people at 1330 on saturday please|Nandos is indeed in the south. The booking is successful with the reference number PCFFZ610. Do you need more help?
Thanks, that's all. Good bye.|You are more than welcome!
In the west part of town, are there any upscale pricey restaurants?|Yes, there are 9. What cuisine would you like?
I'm not picky; do you have a favorite? I'd appreciate it if you would choose one for me and give me the address. Thanks!|I would suggest Graffiti, it is british food. Would you like me to book a table for you?
No, I just need the address.|Here is the address you are looking for, Hotel Felix Whitehouse Lane Huntingdon Road.
Great, I think that's everything I need. Thank you for helping me.|You're very welcome, I hope you have a great dinner. Is there anything else at all that I can assist you with?
Nope, as I said, that's all I need.|Thank you for using our services.
I'm trying to see if they serve drinks on the Riverboat Georgina|Unfortunately, I do not know if they serve drinks on the Riverboat Georgina. Would you like their phone number?
Actually, that's ok. I can find out later. But can you tell me what attraction type they are?|Riverboat georgina is a boat.
Can you tell me what area they are in and what their postcode is please?|They are in the north and their postcode is cb43ax
I bet I'll be hungry after visiting the Georgina so can you please find me a  chinese restaurant in the centre?|sure! i have 10 options for you in that area.
Thank you, the restaurant should be in the expensive price range.|I have 4 listings that meet your criteria. Ugly Duckling, Tang Chinese, HK Fusion, and Sesame Restaurant and Bar. Would you like more information on one of these?
Yes, give me the address and phone number to the ugly duckling plox|The ugly duckling is at 12 St. Johns Street City Centre, cb21tw. I'm afraid I don't have a phone.
Can you book me a taxi to go from the restaurant to riverboat? I want to leave the restaurant by 22:45.|I can book that taxi. I need the departure site, the arrival location and travel time.
I'd like to leave the restaurant by 22:45, please. I don't care about the arrival time.|Could you tell me where you would like to go after the ugly duckling?
I'm going to riverboat georgina.|Your taxi has been booked. You will be picked up in a yellow Ford. The contact number is 07130797205. Can I be of further assistance, today?
No thank you. That is all.|Okay!  If there's anything else you need, please just call us back.  Goodbye.
Hello there. Any suggestions on a good seafood restaurant located in the centre of town?|loch fyne is a seafood restaurant in the centre of town. It is in the expensive price range. Would that work?
Yes, that will be fine. Could you make a reservation for 3 at 12:30 on Saturday?|Your table is reserved for 12:30 on Saturday. Your reference number is 3L2HYBCY.
Thank you so much. That was all I needed today. Have a good afternoon.|You're welcome. Thanks for contacting Cambridge TownInfo centre!
Could you help me find an expensive restaurant in the centre?|There are 33 in that area. Please choose a food type. African, Asian, British, Chinese, European, French, Gastropub, Indian, Japanese, Korean, Mediterranean, North American, Modern European, Seafood, Thai, or Turkish.
I want to try Seafood. Can you book for 4 people at 17:45 on Thursday?|I'm sorry, it doesn't look like Loch Fyne has tables at that time, and they're the only one that focuses on seafood. Would you like to try somewhere else?
Please try booking any different restaurant in the same area and price range as Loch Fyne.|Ok, I can book at Bedouin if you would like? They serve african food.
Yes,and book it for 4 people on Thursday at 7:45,thank you.|Ok I have booked a table for 4 at Bedouin on Thursday at 7:45.
Could you please give me the reference number?|Your booking was successful. Your reference number is BTY06386. May I help you with anything else today?
No thank you that is all I needed.  Goodbye.|You are welcome.  Enjoy your dinner.  Bye.
What can you tell me about the El Shaddai?|El Shaddai is a 0 star guesthouse in centre. It is cheap in price and offers free parking and wifi. Would you like more information?
I need to book 8 people for 4 nights starting on Friday.|Booking was successful. Your reference number is BM7GDJZQ. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, could you help me find a steakhouse that is cheap.|I was unable to find a steakhouse in that price range.Would you like me to try moderate range or did you have a certain area you'd like me to check?
Yes can you find me a restaurant that serves Italian food?|I see 5 cheap italian restaurants in town. Do you have an area preference?
I want the restaurant to be in the north|There is one cheap italian place in the north. It is da vinci pizzeria. Do you need any further help?
Yes, I want to book the restaurant please. For 8 people at 11:45|Could you give me the  day you are wanting the reservation for?
Friday the same day please|Okay, you are booked with reference number GE3PDYJ8. Anything else for you today?
No that will be all. Thanks!|Okay, I hope you have a great time in town!
I need to find a train headed to Cambridge that leaves after 10:00 AM. Can you help?|Sure! Where are you departing from and what day do you want to travel?
I'm departing from Leicester and leaving on Monday.|I think the train that you need is TR0032.  It leaves at 10:09 on Monday morning.  Do you have any more questions?
I need to make a booking for two. How can I do that?|Booking was successful, the total fee is 75.59 GBP payable at the station .
Reference number is : VXQS41EF. anything else today?
I need a moderate priced Jamican restaurant.|i recommend cotto..phone-01223302010
Do they serve Jamaican food and is it in the Centre?|no they serve british food and they are at the centre
How about Italian food?|i have 9 places that serve italian food in the centre. i highly recommend zizzi cambridge. they are cheap but the food is great.
I only need their postcode please.|Their postcode is cb21ab. Anything else I can do for you?
No. That's all I need. Thank you.|your welcome, have a great day!
Can you tell me a little about the clare college?|Clare College is, obviously, a college located on the west side. Address is trinity lane, postcode cb21tl. Phone is 01223333200. There is an entrance fee of 2.50 pounds for events there.
Thank you so much!|You're welcome. Can I help you with anything else today?
Yes what restaurants are in the west area in the expensive price range?|There are many to choose from. What sounds good? British, European, Indian or Thai?
Don't care as long as it's expensive and in the west side.|I suggest the graffiti that serves british food. Would you like me to make a reservation for you?
No, but I'd like their number and address please.|Sure, the phone number is 01223277977 and their address is Hotel Felix Whitehouse Lane Huntingdon Road.
Thank you for all your help today! Goodbye|My pleasure! Have a wonderful day and thank you for contacting Cambridge TownInfo centre.
I am looking for a cheap restaurant in the east part of town.|The missing sock is located in the east part of town and in the cheap price range.
could i have the phone number and address please?|The phone number is 01223 812660 and the address is Finders Corner Newmarket Road.
Thank you, goodbye|Glad to help.  Goodbye.
I need a hotel to stay in the north part of the town.|Sure, there are 2 of them.  I would recommend the Lovell Lodge at 365 Milton Road.  Can I book it for you?
Does it offer free parking?|Yes, and free wifi.
Perfect. I need to book it for 7 people staying 5 nights. We will be arriving on Saturday.|Your room is booked!  Please don't lose your reference number: XR73PKHC  Is there anything else I can help with?  Perhaps a restaurant reservation?
Thanks! I'm also looking for an expensive place to dine. I'd like to eat hungarian food.|Unfortunately, I don't have any expensive Hungarian restaurants listed. Is there a different price range or food type that I can find for you?
How about british food then. expensive british food.|There are 6 great restaurants to choose from. Are you looking for a particular area of town?
No,but Im need British food for the same group of people at 17:45 on the same day|Well I have many. Shall I choose one for you?
Yes, please pick one for me.|I have booked you a reservation on saturday at the cambridge chop house. Your reservation number is 28XENSML. Can I help you with anything else?
I need a taxi to make sure it arrives the restaurant by the booked time.|Your booking is completed. Car type, yellow BMW and contact number 07980498702. Will there be anything else I can assist you with today?
Thank you. That is all that I need today.|I hope you have a wonderful time.
wonderful time too|Great let us know if you need anything else. Bye!
Howdy, I was wondering if the alpha-milton guest house still does business?|The Alpha-Milton guest house still does business. It is located at 63 Milton Road in the North side of town.
I would like to stay at the alpha-Milton guest house.|When would you like to stay there and for how many nights?
I need it for 2 people for 2 nights starting on a Sunday.|Booking was successful.
Reference number is : IH9GBUZF is there anything else i can help you with today?
im also looking for a cheap restaurant in the centre and tell me the food type|I have several cheap restaurants for you. Would you like to try a Chinese one?
That is fine. I also want to book a taxi to commute between the two places.|The Rice House is very good and close to the hotel. Do you want me to book it for you?
No I don't need the restaurant booked but I do need a taxi.|Ok, where will you be leaving from?
Leaving The Rice House to go to the hotel|And what time do you wish to arrive by?
i want to leave the restaurant by 02:15.|Booking completed! Lookout for a blue Toyota, contact number 07897851173. Can I help with anything else?
No thank you, I appreciate all your help. Have a good day!|Have yourself a good day as well. Bye.
Greetings, got any British food places in town?|Yes what price range would you like?
Moderate please.|What area would you like to dine in?
I would like to eat in the Centre.|I recommend the the oak bistro.  Would you like me to book you a table?
Yes, please. Can you make a reservation for Tuesday for 4 at 15:30?|I was able to book it, reference number is WA7QCIIZ
Thank you! I'm also looking for a place to stay. I'd like it to be in the same price range and area as the restaurant.|The only moderately-priced accommodation in the center is the Cityroomz hotel. Would you like to book a room there?
Sounds good. I'd like to book for 2 nights starting tuesday|How many people should I book the room for?
I would like it booked for 4 people, please.|Your room has been booked. Your reference number is 2QE9RSSH.
That will be all.  I appreciate your time.  Have a good day!|Thank you for contacting us and have a nice day.
I am looking for a portuguese place to dine in the south.|I'd recommend nandos. Would you like to make a reservation?
Is this in the cheap price range?|Yes, Nando's is a cheaper restaurant. Would you like me to reserve a table for you?
Yes please. I need it for tuesday.|I can do that. How many people should I list on the reservation and what time do you want to dine?
For 5 people at 16:00, please.|Reference number is : XIVIWPP2. Anything else?
I would like to go to a nightclub in the same area as the restaurant.|I found the place located at 22 sidney street.
Great, thanks! Thats all I need. Goodbye.|You're welcome. Thank you for using our service.
Hi, I am interested in finding attractions on the west side of town.|How about Magdalene College and Cafe Jello Gallery (13 Magdalene St), both free and on Magdalene St?
That's great. What time does each attraction open?|Sorry, I don't have that information. You can call them to find out. 01223332138 and 01223312112 are the phone numbers.
Can you tell me what type of attraction Cafe Jello Gallery is please?  I also want to find an indian restaurant.|Cafe Jello Gallery is a museum. There are 22 Indian restaurants in Cambridge, do you have a preferred price range or area?
Great thank you, I am also looking for an expensive Indian place to eat|I've got 14 expensive Indian restaurants. Is there a particular part of town you'd like to eat in?
I would prefer to eat in the same area as Cafe Jello Gallery.|Okay, how about the Tandoori Palace?  It's in the same area.
Sounds great! Could I book a reservation for 6 people at 13:30 on wednesday?|I'm sorry, but you'll have to book at another time slot. What other time slot would you like to book at?
Let's try 12:30 then.|No problem.  Your table is booked at 12:30 on Wednesday.
What is the reference number for the reservation?|Your reference number is SRC2I813, your table will be held for 15 mins.  Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Yes.  I need a taxi to take me from the museum to the restaurant.|Could you please tell me what time you want to leave or what time you want to arrive so I can book the taxi for you?
I will need to arrive at Tandoori Palace by 12:30 please.|I have confirmed your booking a white audi will be picking you up.  Their contact number is 07621830686.  Do you need help with anything else?
.
No, I think that's everything.  Thank you so much.|Okay great. Glad i could be of help.
I need to find a train that will arrive cambridge by 13:45 on friday|sure, where are you departing from?
I'm departing from cambridge and want to go to birmingham new street|the tr7195 will get you there by 12:08 how many tickets please?
Well, first, what is the departure time, price and travel time?  It sounds like it will work.|Sorry, that was the TR6668, not TR7195, arrives by 12:44, duration of the trip is 163 minutes and the price is 75.10 pounds.
Thank you. Are there any expensive restaurants in the town centre?|There are a variety of options in that area. Is there a particular type of food that you would like?
Not really. Can I just have the postcode and phone number for your favorite place?|kymmoy is the best! their phone number is  01223311911 and postcode is cb12as
Great.  Thanks.  That is all.|Okay.  I hope you enjoy your stay!  Let us know if we can be of further help.
I need an expensive place to stay.|There are several options. Which part of town would you like?
Please look in the centre of town.|What star rating would you like?
I don't have a star rating preference but it needs to have free wifi.|I have Gonville Hotel at Gonville Place.  Would you like to book a room there?
Yes can you please book four nights starting thursday|I will be happy to book a room for you for four nights starting Thursday. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I will need you to make that reservation and provide a reference number.|And how many people do you need the reservation for?
Actually I changed my mind just 2 nights for 5 people|Booking was successful. Reference number is : UJUMJ5OS. Anything else you need?
Yes, I need the postcode for Bangkok city restaurant please.|The postcode is cb23jx. Would you like me to reserve a table for you?
No, thanks, but I will be needing a taxi.|I can book a taxi I just need the following information the travel time, departure site and the arrival destination.
Nee to go from the hotel and the restaurant. I should leave by 2:15.|I have booked you a taxi at 2:15. The car is a white skoda and the contact number is 07572703155. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Thank you so much. That's all I need today.|Have a lovely day, goodbye.
Hi. I am looking for a place to stay.|I can narrow your results if you would like to be more specific. Otherwise Allenbell on Coldham Lane gets 4 stars.
I'm looking for a cheap 4 star hotel in the east that has free wifi.|OK, there are 3 to choose from.
Please recommend the best one, I need to book a stay for 7 people starting Thursday for 2 nights.|Booking was successful.
Reference number is : Q884IOVI.
Thanks! Are there any cheap Indian restaurants near the hotel?|I'm sorry, there is not an Indian restaurant in the east that is cheap. Would you prefer one that is moderately priced or expensive instead?
How about Indian restaurant with moderate price range and do not care about location|There are four that meet your criteria. Two in the east, one in the north, and one in the west. Which one would you like more information on?
I would prefer one that is located in the east.|Curry price is located in the east and moderately priced, would you like a reservation?
Yes, I will need to book it for the same day.|I need a time and for how many people please.
There will be 7 of us.|What time should I reserve it for?
I would like the table at 16:45, please.|You are booked. the reference number is 6SOS8UJ4
Great.  I have all that I need.  Thank you very much!|Let me add that you were booked into the Autumn House. If that is all, have a wonderful stay in Cambridge. Goodbye.
Can you tell me more about gourmet burger kitchen? Where is it?|They are in the towns centre. Expensive but worth every penny. Would you like to book a table?
Yes please, a table for 6 people at 13:15 on Tuesday would be amazing.|I have that table reserved. Your reference number is K94DWSQN. Can I help you with a taxi or hotel room?
What can you tell me about attractions in the south part of town?|We have 8 attractions in the south part of town. Do you have a preference of type?
no, not really.  What are entrance fees on the 8 attractions?|Unfortunately, we do not have information on several of them. But, Byard Art, Wandlebury Country Park, and Sheep's Green and Lammas Land Park are all free admission attractions.
How about the postcode and attraction type for Byard Art?|Postcode, cb21sj, and the type is museum. Is there anything else I may help you with?
I need a taxi from Byard Art that will get us to the restaurant on time.|I have booked you a taxi that will get you there by 13:15. The car type is a blue Tesla and the contact number 07664553144. Can I do anything else?
No, that's all I need for now. you've been very helpful. Thanks.|You're welcome. Have a great day!
Thanks, I'm all done here.|Enjoy yourself.You can call us if you need anything else
I'm looking for an expensive restaurant in the east part of town.|there are 5 expensive restaurants in the east, what food type do you want ?
I don't care.|How about the Royal Standard at 290 Mill Road City Centre?
What is the phone number?|Their phone number is 01223 247877.
Hello, I'm trying to find an expensive asian oriental restaurant. Can you help me find one?|Saigon city is in the north of town and Kymmoy is in the center.
Could you book one of them for Thursday at 13:15 for 5 people? Thanks|I have booked you a table for 5 at Kymmoy at 52 Mill Road City.  Reference number 1BBUM6YN.  Can I help you with anything else today?
No, thank you.|You are welcome. Have a nice day.
Thank you, you too|Thank you for using Cambridge TownInfo centre! Goodbye!
I'm looking for a seafood restaurant in the centre.|Sure thing! There is the Loch Fyne restaurant in that area that you may enjoy.  Would you like more information?
That sounds great. Can you book me a table there for 3 people?|They seem to be booked solid for the next week, which is all I can book for. Their phone number is 01223362433, if you would like to call for a reservation.
Is there any other restaurant that you could try for me before I call myself?|Is there a different cuisine you would be willing to try? Asian or Italian maybe?
As long as the seafood restaurant is in the centre I am fine with 18:00 and I need the reference number. I need a train arriving at Cambridge by 08:00.|What day will you be wanting to dine?
I'm dining on Saturday.|Loch fyne is a great seafood place. I have booked a table for you  and your reservation number is NDSUGZK9. Anything else?
I need to find a train leaving london kings cross on Saturday as well.|I can help you with that.  First, I need to confirm that the destination is Cambridge, and can you provide the desired timeframe for travel?
I would like to be in Cambridge by 08:00|I have found train TR2687, it will depart at 05:17 at arrive by 06:08. Would you like me to book this for you?
No thank you. What is the price for that train?|The price is 18.88 pounds. Is there anything else I can help you with?
THe train booking is for the same day as my dinner reservation correct?|Yes of course. Anything else?
No thanks.  I may be back in touch though!|Feel free to get in touch if you need anything else. Enjoy your evening.
Thank you, good bye|Goodbye. Thanks for using Cambridge TownInfo centre.
I am looking for a Thursday departure for a train going to Cambridge.|To help you better with your travel plans, where are you planning on departing from?
I am looking to depart from Birmingham new street after 12:45|There is a train leaving Birmingham New Street heading to Cambridge at 13.40.
Great can I get the train ID, price, and arrival time for that one?|Sure! The Train ID is TR7509.  The price is 75.10 poinds.  It arrives by 16.23.  Would you like for me to book it for you?
I don't need train booking. I do need to find a cheap Spanish restaurant, though.|La Raza is a cheap Spanish restaurant in the center of town. Do you need their address or perhaps I could make a reservation for you?
That's all I needed, thank you!|What day and time would like for me to book?
I'd like to book a table for 3 at 18:15 on Thursday. And if possible, I'd like a reference number.|I have booked that for you with the reference number D3QVNLWT. Is there anything else I can help you with?
That is all, thank you very much.|Your welcome.  Please let us know if we can assist you in the future.
I'm looking for an Italian restaurant in Cambridge in the west.|Wonderful, may I suggest prezzo? They are a well~known establishment and is moderately priced.
Ok sounds Great I want to book a table on wednesday for 6 people at 16:15 and i would like the reference number|Sure. Your reference number is 4GSTQC42 and the table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Will that be all?
I am also looking for a hotel. I would like it to be expensive and in the same area as the restaurant.|The only expensive place in the west is the Huntingdon Marriott. Would you like a room there?
Do they have free parking and free wifi?|Yes they do have both.
Perfect. Can you reserve me rooms for the same 6 people for 4 nights, and we'd like to check in the same day, too.|The booking wasn't successful. Can you do another day or a shorter stay?
Sure. Let's try just one night then.|I was able to successfully book you for 1 night. Your reference number is BWXLI8K3. Is there anything more I can help you with?
I also need a taxi to get from the restaurant to the hotel.|What time would you like the leave the first place?
I want to arrive at the restaurant by the booked time|I have you in a Blue Honda, the number to contact the is 07758846096. May I help you with any thing else?
Actually, that was all I needed. Thanks so much. Goodbye.|No problem. Please have a pleasant trip.
I'm looking for a hotel with a 3 star rating in the north.|I have two guesthouses that are moderately priced in that area with 3 stars. Would you like to book one of them?
That will be fine. I have a party of 2 adults and 3 children ages 4,5, and 6.|I would suggest the Hamilton Lodge if you have children.  When will you be arriving and how long will your stay be?
I'll be arriving on a Saturday and staying for 5 days.|Your booking was successful here is your reference number, 16MQQFCD.
Sorry about that, I don't need a booking. Could you just give me the price range, postcode, and address instead? Sorry for the confusion|Certainly, the price is moderate. The postcode is cb41da and the address is 156 chesterton road. Anything else today?
Yeah, can you help me find a moderately priced restaurant in the north?|I have found two that meet your requirements, Golden Wok serves Chinese food and The Nirala serves Indian food. Would you like me to book one for you?
The Golden Wok sounds good. Can I get reservations at 17:45?|I can certainly book that for you. I just need to know for what day and how many people are in your party?
It will just be one in the party. But I want to make sure I am out of the restaurant by 17:45 so can you make my reservation earlier?|I made that reservation for Saturday at 17:45. Your reference number is ZCM3EBE1. Remember the table will be held for 15 minutes only.
I also need a taxi leaving the restaurant at 17:45.|What will your destination be in the taxi?
I need to be picked up at the hotel and arrive to the restaurant by 17:45.|I have booked you with a blue bmw. The phone to reach them is 07067332345. Is there anything else I can help with today?
that is it thanks for your help|It was my pleasure. Enjoy your trip. Have a great day.
Hello, I am looking for a train to leave on Monday after 12:45.|Can we narrow it down by choosing where you want to depart and arrive?
i need to leave after 12:45 on Monday|How about TR6110 that leaves at 13:00
That sounds great. Thank you so much for your help.|How many people should I book for?
I don't need anything to be booked but I do need the train ID and the travel time.|TR6110 has a total travel time of 51 minutes. Can I help you with anything else today?
Yes, can you tell me about the Hotpot Restaurant?|It is a chinese restaurant in the north part of town located at 66 Chesterton Road Chesterton
Can you please book me a table at the restaurant for 2 people?|I'd be happy to help with your request, first I will need to know what day/time you'd like the reservation for.
Thanks! For 17:45 on Monday, please.|Reference number is : VQFAZJU3. What else may I help with?
That will be all. Thank you for your help. Goodbye.|You're welcome, have a great day!
I need a restaurant that serves european food please|What area are you looking for?
Anything in the area would be fine|Galleria is a nice restaurant serving European food, is in the centre of town and is moderately priced.
I am looking for something in the expensive price range.|I'm sorry there is no one serving european food in the expensive price range
I want a cheap restaurant in the west part of town. I need its address and phone number please|La Margherita serves cheap italian in the west area.  It is located at 15 Magdalene Street City Centre, phone 01223 315232
Thank you goodbye.|Thank you.
Can you help me find a cheap restaurant in the centre of town?|There are a total of 15 different cheap restaurants located in the centre of town. Is there a particular type of food you are wanting?
Surprise me.  What food type can you recommend?|I have a great portuguese restaurant if you care to try it. It's called Nando's City Centre. Or if you prefer, I have anything from italian to spanish as well.
What's the post code for Nando City?|It is cb23ar.  Is there anything else I could help you with?
No, that's all I needed. Thanks!|You're welcome, enjoy your meal!
Please suggest me a venetian restaurant in the moderate price range .|I'm sorry. There is not a restaurant meeting those criteria.  Would you like to try something else?
Ok, how about a restaurant that serves gastropub type of food?|There is one moderately priced gastropub in the town centre called The Cow Pizza Kitchen And Bar.
Great! can you please give me the address and phone number?|the phone and address are 01223 308871 Corn Exchange Street
Thank you, goodbye.|Have a nice day!  Thank you, goodbye.
I need help finding a 4 star hotel|I have several listed is there a particular area you would like?
no, but I need free parking and wifi.|I have 19 hotels in Cambridge that fit those requirements. Do you have a price range in mind?
nah, I just need it for 4 nights starting from wednesday. maybe look at moderately priced hotels?|How many of you will be staying there?
1 person, plese.|I have you booked at the Acorns Guesthouse the reference number is QQ2N4M7W. Can I help you with anything else today?
Yes, please. I'm looking for a jamaican restaurant that is moderately priced.|Sorry, I couldn't find any restaurants that fit that criteria.
Is there one in the centre of town maybe?|Sorry to tell you this but we actually have no Jamaican restaurants in cambridge. Maybe you would prefer another type of food
Are there any Spanish restaurants available?|There are two spanish restaurants. Would you like more information?
Yes, please. I would like its address and postal code.|La Tasca is at 14 - 16 Bridge Street, CB21UF. La Raza is at 4 - 6 Rose Crescent, CB23LL. Would you like a reservation at one of them?
La Tasca sounds interesting, can you book a table for my group at 12:30?|How many people are in your group?
I'm sorry, I forgot some of my friends couldn't make it.  It will just be myself, and I need the reservation for Wednesday.|Okay, you're all set with a reservation at La Tasca on Wednesday at 12:30! The reference number is F8VGULKB.
i also need a taxi to commute between the two places|What time would you like to leave or arrive?
I would want to be able to arrive to the restaurant by the time booked, 12:30!|O booked you at 12:15 to give you extra time, look for a red tesla, they cbr at 	07079296786, any other questions?
That is all I need, thank you, goodbye!|Goodbye and thank you for using our service!
Can you help me find a restaurant with a moderate price range that serves turkish food?|There are two restaurants: antolia and efes restaurant. Need a reservation?
Sure. I'd like a table for 2 at antolia on thursday at 13:45.|Here is your booking information:Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Reference number is : 0TAI4M3W.
I am also looking for a moderate priced guesthouse to stay in that includes free parking|Thanks a lot welcome again
I need a boat trip in the east please.|I have one place. What would you like to know about it?
Yes, please tell me about it. I would like to know the postcode and area for it?|It is located in the east area and the postcode is cb58sx. The name of the place is Camboats.
Perfect. I'm looking for a Thai place to eat, too. Can you help?|There is sala thong in the west of town and bangkok city located in the centre of town. Would you like me to book one for you?
Yes, Bangkok City. What is the price range, address and phone number?|24 Green Street City Centre. It is an expensive place.
Could you also give me the phone number?|The phone number is 01223354382. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, I'm sorry, but I actually need an architecture attraction, not boats. Can you give me the postcode and area for the best one in town?|I'm sorry we don't have any architectural attractions in the east.  Perhaps another area?
Could you look for an architectural attract in other parts of the city then?|All architecture attractions are located in the centre of town. Would you like me to recommend one?
Yes please do and I need the postcode and area.|I recommend great saint Mary's church. it is in the center. postcode is cb23pq.
Can I also book a taxi to leave the restaurant at 12:45?|I'd love to help! Where are you going?
I'm going from the restaurant to the architecture.|It will be a yellow bmw picking you up. Their contact number is 07385615231. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Thank you. That is all I need.|You're welcome. Have a great day.
I'm looking for a hotel called avalon.|Ok I have found the hotel. Would you like to book a room?
Great, yes please.  There will be 7 of us arriving on Wednesday.  We'd like to stay for 4 nights.|You reservation was booked.  The reference number is KB5QHVIU.  Do you need help with anything else?
Hi there! I'm searching for a relatively cheap Portuguese restaurant here in Cambridge, do you have any recommendations?|The Nandos City Centre has some excellent food and is located in the centre of town if you are interested. Would you like me to book a reservation for you?
No, I would like a place that's in the south part of town. Is there one of those?|There is another Portuguese restaurant in the south part of town called Nandos, would you like a reservation there?
May I have the address and postcode of Nandos, please?|Certainly, Nando's address is Cambridge Leisure Park Clifton Way cb17dy. Can I book this for you, and if so how many people will be dining?
Can you help me find a train out of Cambridge?|Sure, could you provide what destination you're looking for and which day you'd like to depart on?
I would like to depart on Monday and head to Birmingham.|I'm sorry, but my system is experiencing an error. Can you please restate your train requirements? Thanks.
Actually, I need to leave from Cambridge Saturday after 09:45 and go to Birmingham New Street. May I have the arrival time, train ID, and price, please?|We have 14 entries that match your criteria. Do you have a preference there?
Could I have the arrival time, train ID and price for a train leaving as close to 0945 as possible|The TR7683 train leaves cambridge at 10:01 on saturday. It arrives at birmingham new street at 12:44 and the price is 60.08 pounds.
Okay thank you! That's all I need today.|Thank you for using our service. Have a wonderful day!
I am looking for a museum in the south please.|I'm sorry, but I'm getting an error trying to process your request. Could you please restate what you're looking for?
I am looking to visit a college in Cambridge and I will need to know the area, entrance fee, and phone number.|Well I have Christ's College which is quite famous and is free to enter in the center of town. Their telephone number is 01223334900. Does this interest you?
Yes, that's perfect! Thank you! I'm also looking for a restaurant in the centre of town. It needs to be expensive, as well.|There are many expensive restaurants in the centre of town. Is there a particular cuisine type you would prefer?
I'd prefer turkish food, if at all possible.|I have the meze bar restaurant in centre on	196 Mill Road City, cb13nf. would you like me to book this location?
Yes, thank you very much! We'd like a dinner reservation for two, at 6 or 630 please.|Sure, and what day would you like to dine?
Today, if possible, but it doesn't matter.|Great! You have a reservation at 6:00 tonight at the Meze Bar Restaurant for two people. Is there anything else I can do for you?
There is not. Thank you so much for all of your help.|Great. Thank you for contacting Cambridge Towninfo Centre. Have a great day.
I am looking for a restaurant. The restaurant should serve italian food and should be in the moderate price range|There are five Italian restaurants in the moderate price range. Four have pizza in their names and then there is Prezzo.
Could I book through you a table at the Prezzo for 8 on 17:15 this Friday, as well as get the reference number for the Prezzo?|I have booked that for you and your reference number is S6VDPMW3. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Nothing else. Thanks for your great help. Goodbye.|You're welcome. Goodbye.
I need a train that is leaving on wednesday.|Do you have a destination in mind?
Yes, I need to get to Cambridge by 17:15.  From the Kings Lane station.|Do you mean Kings Lynn station for your departure site?
Yes. I need to book tickets for 8 people.|Okay I successfully booked it. Reference number is : MGYR3882.
Thanks.  I am also looking for some Korean food in the north part of town.|What is your price preference?
I don't have a preference.  Pick one that you like?|unfortunately, there aren't any korean restaurants in that area.
Then can I do a search for one that serves Italian food instead?|how about da vinci pizzria?
That works, can I get an address?|Yes, it's located at 20 Milton Road Chesterton. Do you need to book a table?
No thank you.  That was all I needed to know.  Thanks and goodbye.|Goodbye to you as well and have a nice stay!
I am looking for a moderately priced restaurant in the south part of town. Any kind of food is good with me; I would just like to know the phone number of the venue you find.|Restaurant Alimentum's phone number is 01223 413000.
Can you tell me what type of food they serve?|Restaurant Alimentum serves modern European food.
Thank you, goodbye.|You're very welcome. Have a good evening.
I am looking for an indian restaurant.  I want this to be a special experience so expensive is preferred.|I have expensive Indian restaurants in almost every area of town. Where would you like to dine?
Any area of town is fine. I need to make my reservation for Tuesday so hopefully something is available.|How many people will be attending?
There will be 4 people attending.|And what time would you like to arrive?
I'd like to dine around 18:30 if that's possible.|I can book the curry garden in the centre area, is that ok?
Yes, please book. May I have the reference number?|You are booked for Tuesday at 18:30 for 4 people at Curry garden.  The Reference number is 99h18L81. Is there anything else i can do for you?
i also want to use a taxi|Ok, what what you like a taxi for?
To commute between the two places.|Sure! And what time preference do you have?
I need to arrive to the restaurant by 18:30.|Where will you be departing from?
I'll be going from the hotel to the restaurant please. Could I get the contact number and car type please?|How man passengers?
I will be with 4 people.|Would you like me to book it for you?
No, I asked for a taxi please. I need to arrive at the restaurant by my booked time.|I can not book without a departure site. Which hotel are you departing from?  You currently do not have one book and have not mention one.
Hello, I'm looking for a guesthouse to stay in during my visit. I don't want to stay anywhere cheap, more like the moderate price range please.|Do you have a preference for a location?
No, but I would like it to have a 4 star rating.|i recommend avalon. it is a wonderful  place located in 62 gilbert road, cb43pb. you want the phone  number?
Do they have free parking?|No, they don't have free parking but they have free wifi.  Can I book that room for you?
Not at the moment but thank you. Could you recommend a good restaurant on the west side of town, preferably in the moderate price range.|Prezzo is a great Italian restaurant in the west in the moderate price range. Would you like to make a reservation?
I am looking for Indian food.|In that case, I recommend Meghna. It serves Indian cuisine at a moderate price, and is in the west part of town.
Sounds great! Can you please book me a table for 1 on Saturday at 15:30?|Your booking was successful. The table will be reserved for fifteen minutes and your reference number is 4MLSPE1H.
Great!  That is all I needed.|Great, I hope you enjoy your stay!
i am looking for a place to dine. The restaurant should serve Chinese food and should be in the center.|How does the Rice House sound? It is a personal favorite.
Is it expensive? I would like an expensive restaurant.|No, the Rice House is in the cheap price range. Would you like to try the Ugly Duckling instead?
Sure.  Can you make a reservation for me?  There will be 8 of us, at 12:30 on Saturday.|Your table is booked, the reference number is NEFPTQ46. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, that is it for today, thank you and goodbye.|You're welcome and thanks for using our help desk. Goodbye.
Looking for a place to eat in the city center.|There are many options to choose from. Do you have a type of food in mind?
I'd like to have some Chinese food.|That narrows down the restaurant choices to 10. Is there a price range you would like to stay in?
I am looking for a moderately priced place to eat, I am also looking to book a room in the bridge guest house hotel.|Which dates will you be staying at the Bridge Guest Room house?
Before I commit I have a few questions. What area is the hotel located in?|The hotel is in the south area.
Does it provide free parking?|Yes, free parking and free wifi!
OK, 2 questions. 1 - What are the moderately priced restaurants in the center of town; and 2 - how many stars does the Bridge Guest House have? Thanks!|The Bridge Guest House is a 3 star lodging.
That was all the questions I had. Thank you very much for helping me.|I'm happy I could help you today. Have a wonderful day!
I would like to book a reservation at the cambridge lodge restaurant|I can assist you with that. What day and time are you interested in reserving?
I'm sorry, I'm just looking for information. Could you tell me the area, food type, and post code for that restaurant?|It is a european place on the west side the postcode is cb30dq.
I alkso need a place to stay,what would you offer in cheap price range?|I have two cheap places on the west side near the restaurant. One is a guesthouse and the other is a hotel. Would you like to book one of them?
I would like the guesthouse.|How many people and the number of days needed?
I need it for 3 days for 2 people.|Also what day are you staying?
I do not have a specific day at this time.|Well, the name of the guesthouse is Finches Bed and Breakfast. The phone is 01223276653. Do you need anything else?
Could you please give me the address and postcode?|Yes phone is 012233276653   and postcode is cb30nd
Hello! I'm looking for information on Restaurant One Seven.|Sure, restaurant one seven serves british food in the centre area and is moderately priced. Would you like a reservation?
Yes please, could you book me a table for 3 people on Tuesday at 14:15.|Unfortunately there is nothing available for Tuesday at 14:15. Would another time or day work for you?
Can we try the same day for 13:15?|Your booking was successful. Your Reference number is 98OLERPX. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, that's all I needed. Thanks for your help!|You're very welcome. Enjoy your meal. Goodbye!
I need to find an expensive restaurant in the west.|We have quite a few spots. Do you have a specific type of food you'd like to eat?
No, I don't really care.  Can you suggest one?|Tandoori Palace is an Indian restaurant. Their food is lovely.
That sounds yummy! What is their postcode and phone number, please?|Their phone is 01223506055 and the postcode is cb43le. Would you like me to make a booking?
No, that is all I need today. Thank you!|Thank you for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Have a great day!
A moderate priced irish food restaurant.|there are no irish restaurants. Would you like to choose another type of food?
Yes, could you please check whether there is a gastropub?|There are three gastropub restaurants listed. One is in the east part of town and the rest are in the centre.
I would like the address and phone number of the one in the east part of town.|I'm sorry, it appears there are no results for the east part of town. Our system is having difficulty of some sort.
Can I have the address and phone number of a gastropub in the centre of town?|the cow pizza kitchen and bar is a moderately priced gastropub in the centre of town. It's located on Corn Exchange Street, and the phone number is 01223 308871.
Thank you goodbye.|thank you and good bye
I'm looking for a decent place to dine in Cambridge please.|What type of cuisine are you interested in?
how about canapes food?|Sorry, we don't have any places serving canapes food. Would you like to search for something else?
Could you please try for Italian ?|We have 15 italian places Cambridge, do you have and needs as far as area and pricing?
Lets try for a moderately priced place in the centre.|We have a great place on Regent Street City Centre called Pizza Express that you are sure to love.  Would you like me to make reservations for you?
No thanks. I just need the address, postcode, and phone number for this restaurant please.|Their phone number is 01223324033 and address is Regent Street City Centre.  Was there anyting else I could help you with?
I would like to book a train to ely, from cambridge.|Which day would you like to leave?
i want to leave on friday|There are 10 trains that meet your criteria. Do you have a departure time or arrival time in mind?
The train should leave after 11:15. Thanks|Train TR0767 leaves Cambridge at 11:50 and arrives at ely at 12:07. The fare is 4.40 pounds. The travel time is 17 minutes. Do you want me to book this?
no thats all the information i needed. thanks|Have a lovely day, goodbye!
I need some help finding a place in Centre to eat, can you look it up for me?|There are a variety of restaurants to chose from.  Would you like Indian, Chinese, British, International fare or a Gastropub?
We would like to try a Portuguese place. Is there one available?|Oh you're in luck. I have one in the center called Nandos City Center. Would you like me to make a reservation for you?
Yes. Please reserve for 2 people on Tuesday at 15:15.|That booking was successful and your reference number is JM0RL39I.
Thank you.  I would also like a train leaving on Saturday going to Kings Lynn.|Okay, where are you departing from?
I am departing from Cambridge.|Well, I have great news. There are several trains leaving from Cambridge on Saturday. Would you like to book tickets for you and how many?
Yes please book 2 tickets.|Let's try and narrow this down some. What time do you want to depart or what time do you want to arrive by?
I would like to leave after 20:45|For how many people?
There will be 2 people.|Would train TR6633 arrving at 21:58 work?
Yes. I'd like to book that for two. Could I get the reference number please?|It has been booked. Your reference number is 1J07UJKY.
Thank for the help, goodbye!|Have a safe trip.
I am looking to book an expensive restaurant in the west part of town. What is available?|I have 9 restaurants in the west that are upscale. Are you looking for a particular type of cuisine? There is british, european, indian and thai to choose from.
How about some Thai food?|Sala Thong is an expensive Thai restaurant in the west end. Would you like a reservation there?
Yes please. Can reserve for 6 people at 15:00 on Wednesday?|So sorry, that was unsuccessful.  Would another day or time work?
Could we try for 14:00 instead?|Congratulations! That was successful Your reference number is OP06YQUU.
Alright, awesome! Could you also try to find a specific college I'm looking for? It's called Saint John's College.|Saint John's College is a College located in the centre of town. The phone number is 01223338600. Do you need any other information?
Can you book me a taxi to go from the college to the restaurant by 14:00? Please include the contact number and car type.|I'm happy to say I've successfully completed your booking! The vehicle will be a blue Tesla. Their contact number is 07945015073. How else may I assist you?
I want to make sure that it will be arriving by 14:00. Can you confirm?|Yes that it correct.
Okay, thank you. That's all I need today.|You're welcome. Have a great day!
I would like a cheap restaurant which serves italian food|Da vinci pizzeria serves cheap italian food. Would you like their address or phone number?
What is their address and what part of town are they in?|Da Vinci Pizzeria is in the north part of town. The address is 20 Milton Road Chesterton.
Sorry what type of food do they serve?|They serve italian food.
Thank you. Goodbye.|Good bye. Please call again if you have further questions.
thank you, goodbye!|Good bye.
I need you to help me find an expensive restaurant to dine in, I'd like it to be chinese food.|Are you looking to dine in a particular area?
I am looking for a restaurant in the centre of town, please.|I have tang chinese that meets your criteria, would you like me to make a reservation for you?
No, I just need the address, postcode and phone number. Thanks!|Tang chinese is located at napier street city center, phone number is 01223357187, and the postcode is cb11hr.
That's all I need. Thanks, good bye.|You're welcome. Thank you for calling. Goodbye.
I am coming to Cambridge and need a place to stay. Is there a hotel in centre with free wifi?|I recommend the university arms hotel on regent street. Would you like me to book your stay?
Is that a guesthouse? I would like to stay in a guesthouse please. It doesn't need to have free parking.|No it isn't. But the Alexander Bed and Breakfast and El Shaddai are both guesthouses that fit what you are looking for. Are you interested?
El Shaddai sounds interesting. Can you tell me more about it?|El Shaddai is a cheap guesthouse in the centre of town. the phone number is 01223327978. Can I be of further help?
Yes, please. I'd like a reservation for 7 people for 4 nights starting on Tuesday.|You're booked at the El Shaddai, ref #XS30YDOA. Can I help you with anything else today?
Nothing else. Thank you for getting us booked.|You're welcome. Have a great day!
actually, i also need a chinese restaurant.|I can help you with that. In what area of town and price range would you like to dine?
I am looking for the south side and cheap please.|The Lucky Star will fit your needs. Would you like me to make you  a reservation?
yes the same group of people on the same day at 13:30 please, sorry for being such a pain today|Okay.  I have made reservations for 7 at the Lucky Star Restaurant for Tuesday at 13:30.
Thank you. What is the reference number?|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : 3GOBXA42.
Ok great, Thank you. That is all that I need.|You're welcome! Have a great day!
I am looking for a train departing ely and should arrive by 16:45.|I can help with that! There are a total of 42 trains departing from Ely. What is your destination so I can narrow this down for you?
I would like to go to cambridge on thursday|What time you like to leave?
It doesn't matter what time I leave as long as I'm there by 16:45.|There are 6 trains leaving that will get you there by 16:45, the closest TR3240 arriving at 15:52. Would you like to make a reservation?
Yes,  please make me a reservation for two people on TR3240 arriving at 15:52.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 8.8 GBP payable at the station. Reference number is : T4I7L6BG. Can I help with anything else today?
I'm also looking for a expensive restaurant in the north.|Sure, do you have a food preference?  I see Chinese, French, European and Asian Oriental.
Choose your favorite. I do need an address and post code, please.|How about The Hotpot? It is located at 66 Chesterton Road Chesterton and the postal code is cb41ep.
The Hotpot sounds great! Can you please make a reservation for Friday for 2 people at 8 pm?|Sure! Your reservation at the hotpot for Friday for 2 people at 8 pm is successful. Would you like a reference number?
Yes please, thank you for your help.  The reference number will come in handy.|I'm sorry at the moment I can not obtain that for you.
Alright, thank you, I think that will be all for today.|You're welcome, have a nice day.
Again, thanks for all of your help today.  Good bye.|You're welcome. Let me know if there is anything else I can help you with.
I was looking for a hotel in the center of town that offers free parking.|I found the Gonville Hotel and University Arms Hotel that meets your criteria.
Is the hotel expensive, and is it a guesthouse?|The Gonville Hotel and University Arms Hotel is expensive, but it is not a guesthouse. The guesthouses that meet your criteria are cheap.
Okay, how about any hotels that are expensive that has free parking.|There are no hotels that match that requirement.
How about a hotel type instead of guesthouse?|There are 2 results for expensive hotels in town centre. One is the gonville hotel, the other university arms hotel. Would you like to book one of these?
Yes please book Gonville Hotel for 2 people for 4 nights starting tuesday|I am sorry. That hotel is unavailable for your requested stay. Would you like to pick a different day or shorter stay?
Can you try 3 nights instead?|I have booked the Gonville hotel for 3 nights. The reference number is 4QYJH7Y5. Can I help you with anything else?
Yes, are there any modern american restaurants in the center of town? Something expensive.|Sorry, but there aren't any restaurants that meet those criteria. Something less expensive, perhaps?
How about a modern european restaurant?|Yes, I can recommend darrys cookhouse and wine shop. Would you like me to make a reservation?
Yes I want a reservation for 2 people at 14:30|Which day would you like the reservation for?
Tuesday please. Also I need the booking reference number when you are done please.|Booking confirmed! The reference number is Z7E6UORT. Can I help you with anything else today?
No that's all. Thank you.|Thank you very much for using the Cambridge Towninfo Centre. Have a wonderful day!
I would like to find a cheap African restaurant in the area.|I was unable to find any cheap african places.
What cheap restaurants are in the centre?|We have fifteen cheap restaurants in the center, with cuisines ranging from asian oriental to mediterranean and modern european.
How about Spanish food. Do you have a restaurant serving that?|La Raza is a spanish restaurant in that price range, shall I book a table for you?
Yes please book a table for 7 people at 16:45 on Sunday.  Can you give me the reference number?|Your table at La Raza has been reserved for Sunday at 16:45. The reference number is KSH4UXG0. Can I help you with anything else?
Yes, can you help me find places to go to in town?|Sure what type of attraction are you interested in?
I would like a museum in the same area as La Raza.|There are 11 museums in the centre. Do you want a suggestion?
I think what ever one you would say is best please.|I suggest the museum of archaelogy and anthropology. It's in the city centre located at university of cambridge, downing street. It's free, too.
Can you please provide me with the postcode and phone number for the museum?|The postcode is cb23dz and the phone number is 01223357708. Is there anything else I can help you with?
You have helped me a lot thanks !|I am glad to help enjoy your stay.
Hi, I am looking for a Venetian restaurant please.|Unfortunately, no venetian restaurants are available. Do you have a preference for another type of food?
What other restaurants are there in the centre area that serve expensive food?|We've got 33 different restaurants, everything from African, to British, Chinese, Indian, all the way to Turkish.
Ok, how about something Indian?|There are 6 Indian restaurants in the area. Are you looking for one nearby, or maybe a specific dish, like curry?
Of the 6, what is your restaurant recommendation for good curry?|The Curry Garden is known for the great curry cuisine. Would you like me too book it for you?
Yes, can I get the address, postcode, and phone number?|It's located at 106 Regent Street City Centre.  The postcode is cb21dp and the phone number is 01223302330. Can I help you with anything else?
Yes, I am actually looking for a place to go that is entertaining.|I have 5 great entertainment venues around town. Do you have a preference on area? I have options in the east, south and west.
I don't care about the area, but can you find something that is free?|Unfortunately with the way prices fluctuate sometimes our systems can not find the current entrance fee for places. Can I give you any other information?
No, that should be all, thanks.|Have a nice day then.
I am looking for a particular restaurant. Its name is called restaurant one seven|It is a moderately-priced British restaurant in the centre of town. Would you like the address?
Yes, please give me the complete address.|It is located at De Vere University Arms Regent Street City Centre.
Thank you for your help!|You are welcome.
Hi!  I'm looking for some entertainment in town, no particular type, I just want to get out!|How about whipple museum of the history of science? It's a museum!
Sounds great! Is there an entrance fee?|No, the entrance is free. Can I book you a spot?
No, but you could tell me the area.|The Whipple Museum is in the centre.
Great, thanks. Can you also help me find a restaurant? I'm looking for one that is cheap and in the East. Any cuisine.|The only cheap place in the east is The Missing Sock. They serve some great international cuisine at an affordable price! Would you like to book a table?
Great can I book that for 8 people at 11:00 on saturday?|I'm sorry, that reservation is not available.  Can you book a different day or different time slot?
Yes, can you try for 10:00 instead? I will need a reference number as well.|Alright, you're all booked. Your reference number is XB60V9YZ.
Can you book me a taxi to take me from the museum to The Missing Sock in time for my reservation?|Your taxi is booked! It is a black skoda and the contact number is 07979438404. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No, thank you. Have a great day!|You're welcome. Have a great day as well!
Please find a museum in town.|Cambridge offers many museums. Is there a certain part of town you'd like to look at for your search?
I don't have a preference but can you suggest one and give me their address?|Sure the broughton house gallery has free admission and is located in centre at 98 king st postcode cb11ln
Thank you! Also, can you recommend a moderately-priced international restaurant, please?|The Varsity Restaurant and Bloomsbury restaurant are both in the centre of town and serve international food in the moderate price range.
Thank you for the info, that will be all.|You're welcome, goodbye.
Got any fish and chip shops on the westside?|There doesn't seem to be any seafood restaurants in the west. Would another area work for you?
I meant british food with that.|There are three restaurants in the westside that serve british food.  Do you prefer a moderate or expensive price range?
I want one in the expensive range.|Travellers Rest is located on Huntingdon Road. Would you like reservations?
yes for 7 at 17:15 on wednesday, I'll need the reference number then too please|I have a table booked for 7 people at 17:15 on Wednesday, your reference number is 4WRE7J72.  Can I help with anything else?
yeah i also need a place to stay|I'd be happy to help. I am showing 33 hotels. Perhaps we can narrow it down a bit. What area of town would you like to stay in?
Any area of town would be fine. I am looking for a guesthouse in the expensive price range.|I'm sorry, there are no expensive guesthouses in our listings, are you willing to consider other price ranges?
how about one that is in the type of hotel.?|I have the university arms hotel located in the centre.
That will work.  Can I book that for 7 people on Wednesday? We will be there for 2 nights.|Sure I got your reservation and your reference number is 09B5QSH5.
Thank you! I will also need a taxi to travel between the two places.|Ok great and what time do you prefer?
I need to be at restaurant by 17:15|A grey volvo with pick you up and the contact number is 07701301770. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Thank you so much for your help.|Can you book it for me and get a reference number ?
could you give me information about the cherry hinton village centre.|Yes, it is a multiple sports venue located in the east part of town, post code cb19ej.  The address is Colville Road, Cherry Hinton.
Thank you so much.|Your welcome.  Is there anything else I can look up for you?
What is it's phone number? Also are there any expensive British restaurants in town?|Their phone number is 01223576412. What part of town would you like to dine in?
I don't have a preference of area as long as it's an expensive restaurant.|There are a number of expensive british places in town. On the east side, there is the grafton hotel restaurant. Would you like to make a booking there?
Sounds good!  I need a table for just myself at 11:30 on monday.|Your booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. The reference number is 3SOJSHQN.
Thank you that is all I needed.|enjoy your stay in cambridge
I am looking for an expensive restaurant for us to eat at. Some place nice.|There are 57 expensive restaurants in Cambridge. Do you have a particular type of food in mind?
I was thinking of having caribbean food|I can't locate a restaurant serving Caribbean food. Would you like to try a different cuisine?
how about indian. yummy !|There are 14 choices. I would recommend Tandoori Palace in the west. The phone number is 01223506055. Would you like me to book it for you?
Sure!  I need a table for just me on Tuesday at 16:45, please.|Okay. Your booking was successful! The reference number is GRJ6E9C3. Your table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
I'm also looking for places to go in the city centre.|We have 44 options for you. Would you like to narrow it down by attraction type?
It should be in the same area as the restaurant.|I have 5 places for you, 4  have free entrance fee and one has 2 pounds entrance fees.Which one will you prefer
Lets pay, this trip is a business write off, so money is no object, Ill take the 2 pound entrance fee.|Great Saint Mary's Church is located at Market Square in the city center.
That sounds good. Can you give me the address, postcode, and phone number please?|cb23pq, Market Square. 01223350914. Is there anything else you would like to know?
No, thank you. I think I have everything I need at this time.|Okay, great. Have a wonderful day!
I am looking for more information regarding the cambridge chop house.|Sure! That's a great expensive British restaurant in the centre of town. What other information would you like to know?
I guess I just need the address.|Their address is 1 Kings Parade.
That's all I needed. Thank you!|You're welcome, is there anything else I can help you with before we go?
Nope, that's it! Thanks for your help.|Happy to be of service today. Enjoy the rest of your day!
Can you tell me some colleges that I could go to in town?|Sure, what specific area of town are you interested in?
I'm looking on the east side of town.|I am sorry, but I have not found any colleges in the specific area you requested.
Ok, how about a museum in the east?|Okay. There are four museums in that area. I recommend the Cambridge Artworks. It is free admission.
That sounds nice can I please get a postcode, entrance fee, and phone number.|The phone number is 0122390268, postcode is cb13ef and there is no fee. May I help you with anything else?
I am looking for a restaurant called The Copper Kettle.|Okay, The Copper Kettle is located on 4 Kings Parade in the city centre. Would you like me to make a reservation for you?
I need reservations for 2 people at 13:30 on saturday.|Sure! Booking was successful and your reference number is PMI1IGTJ.
I would also like to book a taxi to commute between the two places.|Your taxi is booked! You will be picked up in a black tesla and their contact number is 07542406962. Is there anything else I can help with?
Thank you no that will be all!|Have a nice day.
What trains are available going to Stevenage on Wednesday?|There are a total of 10 trains traveling to Stevenage on Wednesday. Is there a particular departure location you are interested in?
Yes, from Cambridge and it should leave after 15:45 if possible.|There are trains every other hour on the :21. Would you like tickets for the 17:21 train?
Okay, for 6 people, please.|Your booking was successful for the TR1165, reference number RLC6RDDL. Can I help you with anything else?
I'd also like a place to dine. I want it to be latin american and cheap.|There are no cheap Latin American restaurants nearby. Would you be interested in a different type of cuisine?
How about a place that serves asian oriental food?|There are two asian oriental restaurants in your price range in the centre, Dojo Noodle Bar and J Restaurant. Which would you prefer?
I think I'll go with Dojo Nooodle Bar. What is the address?|Dojo Noodle Bar is located at 40210 Millers Yard City Centre. Their postcode is cb21rq.
Great, thank you!|Of course! Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
That is everything I needed. Thank you very much for your help.|Thank you for using our system.
I need a hotel at the center of town to stay in|The Cityroomz hotel is in the center of town. Would you like to book it?
Yes, that would be great.|When would you like to book that for?
I would like to book it for tonight, please.|We have received your booking and you are all set. Enjoy your stay.
I'd like to know the price range, address, and phone number please.|It's moderately priced, so you don't have to worry about breaking the bank. And it is located at sleeperz hotel, station road. You can give them a call at 01223304050.
Okay thanks. I am also looking for a restaurant. Can you help me?|Of course, there are 110 restaurants in town. Do you have a desired food type or price range?
I would like it to be in the expensive price range and in the same area as the hotel.|Sure, there are 33 expensive restaurants in the town centre. Do you have a cuisine preference?
No preference however I just need something for 13:45 on Tuesday|How does the Bedouin sound? They serve African cuisine. Also how many people would you like to book the table for?
I need a table for five people please.  I don't care which kind of food.|I am sorry Tuesday at 13:45 is unavailable.  Is there another day or time that will work for you?
12:45 will work for me.|You are booked for 12:45 and your reference number is 54D9CRE9. Can I help you with anything else?
Not at this moment. Thank you so much for all of your help.|You are quite welcome. Enjoy the remainder of your stay!
Please help me look for a train that leaves on Friday and arrives at its destination by 1:15 PM.|Where would you be departing from?
I am leaving from Cambridge.|Thank you. And where are you headed to?
cambridge and should go to norwich.for 6 people.I need the the reference number|Great. The TR2557 arrives by 12:55, so I have booked it for 6 people. Your reference number is X56LPMKM. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
I am also looking for a expensive restaurant that serves south african food.|I am sorry I have no listings for that type of food any other types I can look up?
Could you check the city center for me?|I don't have any South African restaurants at any price range anywhere in the city. Would you like to try a different type?
How about indian?|May I suggest Curry Garden. It is in the expensive price range and in the Centre. Would you like a reservation?
Yes please and a confirmation number too|When will you be dining and how many guests?
I don't need a booking quite yet, could you get me the postcode?|Sure thing the postcode is cb21dp. Anything else I can do for you?
that is it for today thank you very much|No problem, thank you for choosing Cambridge Towne Info Centre. Have a great day!
Hi I'd like to book a taxi|Do you mean book a train?
I would like to book a table for 3 at The Lucky Star on Monday at 12:00.|This particular time is not available, do you have an alternative time or restaurant you'd like to try?
Could you try Monday at 11:00?|The booking was successful your reference number is R7NXAOR7
Great! I do need a train, too. I need to leave from Cambridge and arrive at my destination by 9:45.|There are many results leaving from Cambridge, where is your destination?
The train should go to london liverpool street|Alright, what day will you be travelling?
I will be traveling Tuesday.|ok i have one train that will get you there by 9.27 would you like me to go ahead and book that for you?
Yes please book for 3 people, I also need a reference number.|I have 3 tickets booked for you, the reference number is DRKY3X21.
Thank you so much for your help today.  I greatly appreciate it.|Okay, have a great day!
Hi, can you help me find an upscale restaurant in Cambridge that is centrally located?|Yes there are 33 in the area you are looking for. They are all pretty expensive and are closely located.
Are any of those Ethiopian restaurants?|There is an upscale African restaurant called Bedouin. Would you like me to book it?
yes, could you make reservations for three please?|I would be glad to. I need to know the day and time you would like the reservation for, please.
Actually, book the table for 6 people on Tuesday at 13:30. I will need the reference number for this, please.|Your party of 6 has been booked successfully for 13:30 on Tuesday. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Your reference number is 7E4VIQAY
I also need a hotel in the same area and price range as the restaurant.|There are two expensive hotels in the centre of town. The Gonville hotel is a 3 star, and the University Arms is a 4 star. Which would you like?
Does the Gonville hotel have free parking?|Yes both options have free paring and internet. Would you like to book one of these?
Yes I would like to book the Gonville hotel for 3 nights for 6 people starting from Tuesday please. I will need a reference number.|I've booked your stay at the Gonville, your reference number is 44ARPHOW.  Can I assist you with anything else?
No thank you, have a great day.|Thank you for using our system.
I'm looking for a chinese restaurant in the center of town.|We have several Chinese restaurants in that area.  What price range were you looking for?
I want something cheap.|May I suggest Golden House? It sounds like what you are looking for. Shall I provide more information?
Yes, can you give me the address, phone, and postcode.|Sure! 12 Lensfield Road City Centre, cb21eg. The phone number is 01842753771.
Oh goodness. My mistake. I was supposed to be going to the south part of town. Can you see if you have any cheap chinese restaurants in that area?|No problem. Yes there is one the lucky star.
Can I have the address, postcode, and number for that restaurant as well?|Cambridge Leisure Park Clifton Way Cherry Hinton, cb17dy. 01223244277. Is there anything else?
I also need the number to an attraction called Cambridge contemporary art please.|The number to the Cambridge contemporary art museum is 01223324222. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Cool I also need a taxi|What are your departure and destination sites? when would you like to leave or arrive?
I need a taxi leaving the attraction by 23:45, heading to the restaurant.|I have booked the taxi. A yellow Audi will be picking you up. Please call 07623682375 should you need to reach them.
Thank you! That will be all for today!|I'm glad I could help.
I'd like an expensive restaurant in the south part of town.|Do you have any particular food type in mind ?
Mexican|chiquito restaurant bar is an expensive mexican restaurant in the south area.
What is the phone number and postcode?|The postcode is C B 1 7 D Y and the phone number is 01223 400170.
Thank you!  That is all I needed to know.  Good night.|Goodbye.
I am looking for a hotel called a and b guest house.|That guest house is moderately priced and located in the east. Would you like to make a reservation?
Do they provide free parking and internet?|They have free internet offered but not parking.
That's fine I guess. I need to reserve a table at an expensive restaurant in the centre part of town, can you help me?|I show 33 expensive restaurants in the Centre area of town. Before we narrow down your restaurant selection, let's complete your reservation with A and B Guesthouse.
can i please get the address, postcode, and food type|Ok, I can book you at Bedouin - address is 100 Mill Rd City Centre, CB12BD and they serve African food.
Thank you that is all I needed today.|You're quite welcome, have a wonderful time in Cambridge!
I'd like to stay in a guesthouse that offers free parking.|I have several guesthouses that offer free parking.  Is there a particular price range you are interested in? What area of town are you interested in staying?
Yes, I would like an expensive guesthouse please! The area does not matter.|There are no expensive guesthouses in the area.  Would you like a moderately priced guesthouse?
I want a guesthouse with a 4 star rating.|Acorn Guest House as a 4 star rating and in the moderate price range. Would you like to book this one?
I guess. I'll need a room for 8 people, for two nights starting on wednesday.|I was able to book your party of 8 into Acorn Guest House on Wednesday for 2 nights, Reference: tgma40ey. Can I help more today?
I am also looking for some international food.|There are three restaurants that serve international food, are you looking for one in a particular area or price range?
Do you have any in the East?|We have one and it's called The Missing Sock. Would you like a booking.
Yes, please book at 18:45 on the same day, Wednesday, for the same number of people, eight.|ok thank you i will send you the booking receipt as soon welcome
Can you help me locate a hotel to stay at that has free parking and a 4 star rating?|Okay I've got three options here. Would you like a cheap or an expensive price range?
Oh, expensive please.  I do hope it is a guesthouse?|Unfortunately they are both hotels.
Oh.  I would really prefer a guesthouse.  How about the moderate price range?|I have 9 guesthouses in the moderate price range, do you have a location preference?
The location isn't important. I need to book it for Friday, please.|Okay, I recommend The Acorn Guesthouse. Would you like me to book there?
Yes. I will be staying 5 nights starting Friday.|NO problem. How long are you staying?
I'll be staying for 5 nights.|Booking was successful. Reference number is : GQPN80PK. Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
Im also looking for the cow pizza kitchen and bar. Whats the address for it?|its address is Corn Exchange Street. what else can i do for you?
I need it's price range please|They are moderate, it is a gastropub, in case you need them, the postal is cb23qf and the phone number is 01223308871, can I assist with anything else?
You have helped me with everything I need. Thank you.|Anytime.  Enjoy your visit.
I am looking for a place to dine. I would like european food in the expensive price range.|I was able to find five restaurants that meet you requests. Eraina is a great choice. Would you like me to book you a table?
Is it in the north area?|No, it is in the centre.  City Stop restaurant is an expensive European restaurant in the north end.  Would you like a reservation there?
Yes please. I would like to book a table for 8 people on Tuesday at 15:00.|We have made your reservation thank you!
That's great - can you give me the reference number?|Sure, sorry for that - 5U8L4DTQ. DO you need any more help?
thats all - thanks for great service!|Happy to help anytime, bye!
Could you help me find a place to stay? I need a place in town that offers free parking and free wifi.|I am showing 25 entries, maybe we can narrow it down a bit. What price range and part of town are you looking for.
Are any of them a guesthouse in the moderate price range?|Yes! The Acorn Guest House is very popular. Would you like more information on that hotel?
Could i get the postcode, please?|The postcode for the acorn guest house is cb41da.
I am also looking for a place to dine.|Is there a specific type of food you would like to eat?
Yes, I would like british food in the moderate price range please.|I have found Restaurant One Seven within your range. Would you like for me to book it?
Great! Can I have the address and phone number, please?|The address is De Vere University Arms Regent Street City Centre and the phone number is 01223337766.  Have a great night!
Can you help me find a place to eat located in the centre that serves british food?|There are 7 places in the centre area that serve British cuisine, do you have a preference on price range?
Yes, actually. Is there one that is expensive?|Yes, I've found three all in the city centre. Is there one of these that you would prefer?
What are their names? I need to choose one I can book a table at.|they are fitbillies restaurant, the cambridge chop house and the midsummer house restaurant
The cambridge chop house sounds good. Could you book it for 5 people at 19:45 on monday?|Unfortunately, there is no availability for your party at that time. Would you like to book a different time slot or day?
Yes, can you try the same for 18:45 instead?|You're booked and the reference number is BQT142V9. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Is there anything else you need?
Thank you and Goodbye|If there is anything else I can help with you please call back.  Thank you and have a great day!  Goodbye!
Yes I need to find a hotel in the north that has a star rating of 4.|I'm sorry, I'm not finding any hotels that match your requests. Would you like to try a different area?
It can be any type, not just a hotel. I also need free wifi.|I am sorry but there are no matching at all in the North.  I suggest trying another area of town.
Can you check again? Maybe check a guesthouse?|Yes we do have a guesthouse called avalon that meets your needs.  Were you looking to make a reservation?
Yes, please book for for 4 people starting monday for 4 nights.|Booking was successful.
Reference number is : YEBKK7SD. anything else i can help you with?
I am also looking to eat at the Gardenia.|Okay. I can book you a reservation. How many people will be dining and at what time?
I would like to book a table for the same group of people at 12:15 on the same day.|Success in booking!! The instructions say that the table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is DEY84BTQ. Is there anything else in which I may assist you?
That's all I need for right now.  Thanks for the help!|You're very welcome! Have a fantastic day!
I'm needing a place to eat on the eastside.|Ok, there are nine places in that area. Do you have a type in mind?
Yes italian food please.|I recommend the Pizza Hut Fen Ditton.  Its on Cambridge Retail Park, Newmarket Road. Would you like a reservation?
Yes, please. I'll be there on tuesday with a party of 4. Is there space at 15:00?|Reference number is : 6V0LTWHG. Anything else?
Yes,  is the Allenbell hotel still in Cambridge?|Yes the Allenbell is in east Cambridge. Would you like me to book a room?
yes for 4 people staying 5 nights starting tues|Reference number is : BHWNFLG3. Anything else?
No, I'm all good.|Okay, have a fantastic time!
Thanks so much. Goodbye.|Your welcome. It has been a pleasure assisting you today. Goodbye
I am trying to find a train that leaves on Sunday from London Kings Cross.|There are several trains that match your criteria. please specify your destination and desired departure time.
I am wanting to go to Cambridge and leave anytime after 13:30.|We have the train TR7931 that leaves at 15:17. Does that work?
I want to make a booking for 4 people|You are successfully booked for 4 tickets on Train TR7931. The total fee is 75.52 GBP, payable at the station. Reference number is : E72IOZ6V.
Thanks I'm also looking for a moderately priced lebanese restaurant.|There is one lebanese restaurant, Ali Baba in the centre of town, would you like to book that?
I would like to get the phone number for that please.|Sure! The phone number is 01 462 432565. Would you like me to book a reservation for you today?
Nah, I'll call and do that on my own. I think I'm all set. Thanks for your help!|Not a problem. Enjoy your trip!
Thank you I will appreciate your help|You're too kind. Have a nice day!
You too! Take Care.|Thank you for using our service.
Hello. I'm leaving the city on Wednesday and need to find a train, but it must be after 13:00. Can you help me book a ticket?|There are over 100 different trains available, what destination do you have in mind?
I would like to go to cambridge from london liverpool street.|there is a train at 13:59 that arrives by 1527
That sounds perfect.  Can you book 7 seats for me?|I was able to book the seats, reference number is 6KIWFNOU.
I'm also looking for a moderate priced restaurant in the area of west.|Would you be interested in british, indian, or italian?
It doesn't matter.|There is Prezzo which is an italian restaurant. would you like me to make a reservation?
Sure, for the same group of people on the same day at 20:00.|I have you booked for 7 people on Wednesday at 20:00 at Prezzo.
I also need the reference number.|I apologize. Your reference number is  I0V2JZIC. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
No, thank you, that should be all.|Welcome. Have a lovely day.
Yes, I am looking for information for a restaurant of moderate price serving catalan food.|I'm sorry, I don't have any restaurants that fit your needs, would another food type work for you?
How about a restaurant that serves British food?|There are 5 British restaurants that are moderately priced. Would you like to book a table with one of them?
Can you recommend a good one for me? I'll need the address and postcode.|The Oak Bistro is my favorite. They are located at 6 Lensfield Road, cb21eg. Can I help with anything else today?
Yes. I would like to go to a museum in the Centre of town. If price is no object, what's the best one?|There are quite a few museums in the centre of town, would you be interested in the Primavera or Cambridge Contemporary Art? If not there are others i can suggest.
The Primavera sounds good.  Can you give me the phone number, address and postcode?|The Primavera is located at 10 King S Parade, postcode cb21sj. The phone no. is 01223357708. Admission is free! Can I help you with anything else?
Yes, I'll need a taxi from the Primavera to Oak Bistro. Can you make sure I leave the Primavera no later than 17:00?|Okay, I have booked a taxi for you departing from Primavera at 16:45. The car will be a grey tesla and the contact number is 07439377051.
Wonderful, that is everything I needed. Thank You!|You are welcome. Have a nice day!
I'm just looking for a place to sleep tonight in Cambridge.|Sure, there are 33 hotels available. Do you have any other criteria?
Could it be in the north and include free wifi please?|There are several places to stay in the north that offer free internet.  do you have a preference of stars and price range?
No. But it should be a guesthouse.|There are several in the moderate price range and 1 in the cheap range, do you have a preference?
I would like a guesthouse in the moderate price range for one person and four nights, starting on Sunday.|There are several options, but I would definitely recommend the limehouse. If that sounds good, I can book it for you.
Yes please. I need it for 1 person for 4 nights starting on Sunday.|I have made those reservations and your reference number is  FLU3B3SI.
i also need a place to dine in the north|I found 9 restaurants in the North.  What type of food would you like?
Thank you, I'm looking for a place that serves Chinese food.|What's your budget?
The price doesn't matter.|Would you like to try the Hotpot?
Sure! I need a table for 1 at 16:15 on Sunday.|Ok I will book it for you and get a reference number
I want to eat some north american food|Ok, the gourmet burger kitchen serves north american food and is located in the centre. Would you like the address?
Can you tell me the price range?|the price range of the food there is expensive
Thanks, can I get the address and phone number?|Their address is Regent Street City Centre. You can contact them at 01223312598. Would you like me to make a reservation for you?
No, that is ok. Thank you for all your help today.|welcome again some other day
Thank you, good bye.|Thank you for using our services.
Hi I am looking for a place to stay with a 4 star rating in the east part of town.|There are a few choices.  Are there any other requirements you are looking for?
I want it to be a guesthouse,have free parking.|I would reccomend the allenbell. Will this work for you?
can you book it for 5 night for 7 starting on friday ? I also need free parking|Booking was successful.
Reference number is : MTZOYGHK
I would also like to find some Swedish food.|I'm sorry, there are no Swedish restaurants in the city. Do you have another cuisine in mind?
Okay, how about indian food?|There are 22 Indian restaurants, do you have an area or price range you are interested in?
Can you find me something in the east part of town? Price range doesn't matter.|I would suggest curry prince.
Sound great!  Can I book a table for 7 at 17:00 on Friday?|I have made that reservation for you on Friday. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes and your reference number is LZIIKO5Q.
Thanks so much for all of your help you've been great!|Is there anything else I can help with?
Nope, that's all I needed today. Thank you, goodbye!|You are very welcome. Good bye
Can you find me a boat attraction in the north?|Riverboat georgina	is available in the north.
Ok, great. Can you provide me with their address and phone number?|Address is cambridge passenger cruisers, jubilee house and the phone number is 01223902091.
Ok, I'm also looking for an inexpensive restaurant. One with Indian food.|I don't have any Indian restaurants in the South, but I do have 4 inexpensive Indian restaurants elsewhere - 3 in the centre and 1 in the north.
Can I get more information about the one in the north?|Royal Spice is a cheap indian restaurant. They are located on Victoria Avenue, Chesterton. Their postcode is cb41eh. You can reach them at 01733553355.
ok, i want to book a table there please|What day would you like those reservations?
I would like it for Tuesday for 6 people at 15:15.|success! Reference is XSUQLCNZ,  anything else today?
That's what I needed for now. Thank you very much. Goodbye.|Enjoy your visit!
I am looking for a place to stay.  Can you help me out?|Sure. Are you looking for anything in particular?
In the East and must be a hotel|I have one listing for express by holiday inn cambridge,will that be okay?
That would be fine.|Would you like me to book a room for you?
Yes please for 2 people for 4 nights starting from Friday.|sure thing, your all set. Confirmation # is ZSDFLXSJ. Anything else I can help you with today?
Yes, I'm also looking for a moderate priced restaurant near the hotel. Can you find one?|There are 2 moderately price Indian restaurants and one Italian place in the area.  Which type of cuisine do you prefer?
Definitely Italian, curry gives me gas.|I can suggest Pizza Hut in Fen Ditton located in Cambridge Retail Park Newmarket.
That sounds great.  Thanks.|Sweet! Do you need a reservation?
I do not need a reservation right now.|Okay, how else can I help then?
That's all I needed tonight. Thanks for the help.|I am glad to be of service, enjoy your stay in Cambridge.
I'm looking for unusual and expensive cuisine in the west. Do you have any suggestions?|I didn't find any records matching those criteria.
How about an Indian restaurant?|There are several in the West area. What is your address and I can find one that is closest to you? Do you want to walk?
I just want to go to one you think is best please|You should definitely try Cocum.  Can I reserve a table for you?
Yes, please. I need a table for 4 people at 14:45 on Thursday. If not Thursday, I'd like the same time on Tuesday. Please send me the reference number.|I was able to get you a table on Thursday, ref# XLUIM3SN. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No, you've been awesome thanks for all your help!|I hope you enjoy your meal. Goodbye!
I'd like to go to the theatre, can you tell me about what's available in Cambridge, please?|There are 5 theaters in the whole of Cambridge, do you have a specific area in mind?
I prefer the center of town|There are four theaters showing up in the centre part of town.  It looks like one of them is a arts theater.  Do you want info?
Yes please! What's the postcode, fee, and number?|The Cambridge Arts Theatre is located in 6 Saint Edward's Passage Postcode cb23pj, phone 01223503333. There isn't information about entrance fee.
I would also like a restaurant that is in the North area that serve Northern European food.|Unfortunately, we don't seem to have any listings that match your criteria. Would you like to look for a different type of cuisine or a different area of the city?
How about a Chinese food restaurant?|I would recommend Hakka.  It is in the north area and I've heard it's great.
OK go ahead and book a table for 3 people at 18:00 on thursday.|I do apologize, but they're all booked up. Would you like to try another day or time slot?
Yes, can we try 17:00?|That time was successful. Your table will be reserved for 15 minutes. The reference number is: L85JERQH. Anything else today?
Yes, please.  I'd like a taxi between the two places to arrive by 17:00.|Booking completed!
Booked car type	:	grey bmw
Contact number	:	07714877467
is there anything else i can help you with?
Hello, I am looking for a restaurant on the south side of town that serves christmas food.|I'm sorry, there aren't any restaurants serving Christmas food. Would you like something else instead?
how about chinese?|There are three results that serve chinese on the south area of town. do you have a price range preference?
I don't care about price.|Peking Restaurant is an expensive Chinese restaurant in the south part of town. Would you like their information?
Yes, I would like their address.|The address for Peking Restaurant is 10 Homerton street city centre. Is there any other information you require?
what is the food type of that restaurant ?|They serve chinese food.
Thank you goodbye.|You're welcome.  Good bye.
Would you happen to know if there are any cheap restaurants with scottish cuisine?|I'm sorry, there aren't any. Is there anything else you could prefer?
No, not at this time. I was really only hunting a restaurant with scottish cuisine. Thank you for your time.|Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Is there one available that serves Chinese food?|Yes there are 4. When would you like me to reserve the table for you?
Yes, Monday, 12:15 for four.|I managed to successfully book a table in the rice house that is in the centre. Your reservation number is ONC1AEJC.
That's wonderful. Thank you for your assistance, bye!|No problem. I'm here to help. Goodbye!
I'm looking for a cheap indian restaurant.|Do you have a location preference?
The Centre would be convenient.|The gandhi is a good option.
That sounds like it would be nice.  I'd like to book a table for 5 people at 14:45 on Saturday, please.|You reservation is all set! In case you need it, your reference number is R1YHRK12.
I am also looking for a train that should depart from kings lynn and should arrive by 10:15.|I'm sure we can find something that will work for you. What day will you be traveling on?
Saturday departiung from kings lynn and arrive cambridge same day as restaurant booking|What day was the restaurant booking again?
The restaurant booking was for Saturday, which is the same day that I would like the train booking to be made for.|I have train TR3297 that leaves at 09:11 and will get you into Cambridge at 09:58. Would that work for you? If not, I have earlier trains.
That sounds great! Can you book tickets for everyone on that train? Same group that will be eating together.|I was able to get the tickets the cost is 39.20 GBP payable at the station. The reference number is 9S4OXYQ4. Is there anything else I can help with?
That's all I need today. Thank you.|Happy to help. Have a good night.
I want the creative food, sir. oh and this needs to be in the south as well.|What is the price range you would prefer today?
Any price range will be fine.|I'm sorry, but our system does not show any matches for your inquiry.
How about chinese food?|There's a restaurant that serves delicious Chinese food called Peking Restaurant in the expensive range. Would you like their address and phone number?
Yes please|Okay, Peking Restaurant's number is 01223 354755 and they are located at 10 Homerton Street City Centre. Is there anything else I can do for you?
no, thank you and good bye|You're welcome! Goodbye!
I'm planning a trip to Cambridge and I would like to find a hotel on the East side that offers free parking|I have six great options for you!
Okay, I am looking for a 1-star hotel. Are any of those options 1-star hotels?|No, there are no 1-star accommodations anywhere in Cambridge.
How about four star hotels that fit the same requirements?|i got 5 options. what is your price range?
Price doesn't matter to me as long as it comes with free parking.|carolina bed and breakfast is moderately priced and has free parking. would you like a reservation?
yes please,  people for 3 nights. what is a good place to eat nearby?|Let's get the hotel book and then we'll find a place to eat.  What nights would you like to stay?
I would like to stay 3 nights starting Thursday.  I need the room for two people.|Booking was successful. Reference number is : 6ZS8YKFJ. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes what kind of expensive restaurants are near the hotel?|We have several.  What kind of food are you looking for?
Im not picky as long as it is in the same area as the hotel|Would you like to try yu garden?
book a table  for 2 people at11:00 on thursday|What type of food would you like and in what price range?
I'm looking for an expensive restaurant in the east part of town.|I have booked you a table at Yu Garden! The reference number is H2380GFA, and your table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Can I help you with anything else?
I think that about covers it.  Thank you.|You're welcome! Have a great day!
Yes can you book me a 3 star hotel that offers free parking?|There are 5 3-star hotels with free parking. Are you looking for one in a particular area or price range?
I am looking for one in the west, price really doesn't matter.|Ok I have the Hobsons House on 96 barton road . Would you like me to book you a reservation ?
Yes, that works. May i have the address?|I need some more information. How many people? What day would you like to book? How many days would you like to stay?
There will be two people. I want to book on June 18th. We will be staying 7 days.|Their address is 96 Barton Road. Just to avoid confusion, what day of the week does the date you selected for check in fall on so I can reserve your room?
I actually don't need a hotel booking right now, just the address you already gave me, and a confirmation of the hotel type.|It is a guesthouse. Can I help you with anything else today?
I need a restaurant in the same area as the hotel that serves international food.|I'm sorry, I don't have any restaurants in that area serving international food.  Do you have a different food choice I could check for you?
Thai food will work if you can find that.|The Sala Thong restaurant meets that criteria. Would you like to book a table or need any other information?
I need to leave the restaurant by 04:45 so can you book it for earlier than 04:00, I will also need a taxi to commute.|I can help with that. How many would you like to make the reservation for and what day?
I don't need to book a table, but I do need a taxi to leave the restaurant by 04:45 and go to the hotel.|I was able to book that taxi for you. Be looking for a Blue Tesla. Should you need to reach them directly, their phone number is 07623362802. Anything else?
Yes, can I have the address and postcode of the restaurant, please?|The address is 35 Newnham Road Newnham and postcode is cb39ey. Can I help you with anything else today?
No thank you.  That's all I needed.  Good bye.|Thank you for contacting Cambridge TownInfo centre.  Have a great time!  Goodbye!
Are there any cheap Indian restaurants around?|Yes I have 3 in the center and one located on the north side of town. Do you have a preference?
Yes, I would prefer the centre.|I think Kohinoor, The Gandhi, or Mahal of Cambridge would all suit you. Would you like to book a table at one of them?
Let's go with the first one, Kohinoor. Do they have a table for 2 available at 1pm tomorrow?|For what day please?
Wednesday, like the girl from the Adam's Family.|Sorry, there are no tables available. Would you like to try another restaurant?
Another place to eat, any type, Centre and cheap.|I was able to book you at The Gandhi. Your reference number is R9XJC41B. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Actually, I just found out that another couple will be joining us and we'd like to eat at 17:15. Can you make me a reservation for 4 at that time?|Yes sure. your reference number for the new booking will be 47N2K0RG.
Thank you. Goodbye.|You're welcome. Have a lovely day.
I'm looking for a cheap restaurant in the north part of town.|How about Charlie Chan? It is cheap and delicious.
Is there anything else?|There is Royal Spice if you like Indian and Da Vinci Pizzeria if you like Italian.  Would you like more info on either of those?
Yes please.|For which would you like more information, the Royal spice, or the Da Vinci Pizzeria.
What is the phone number?|Royal Spice's phone number is 01733 553355, and Da Vinci Pizzeria's is 01223 351707.
What is the postcode?|The postcode is C.B 2, 1 U.J.
what is the price range ?|They are in the cheap price range.
Thank you goodbye.|Thank you for choosing our system. Good bye
Yes, hello. I interested in finding a 0-star hotel in the centre please|There are two. Both have WiFi. Do you need parking?
I don't need free parking.|There is a moderately priced hotel or a cheap priced guesthouse. Would you like me to book one for you?
Cheap one. Book it for 2 people, 2 nights starting from Wednesday. Reference number.|Great, I have you booked at the El Shaddai for 2 nights. Your reference number is 4EOYK3V7.
Thank you. Can you help me out in finding an indian restaurant in town?|There are 22 restaurants serving indian food in town. Do you have a price range?
Yes, I need the expensive price range please.|Do you have a part of town you'd like to eat in, or would you just like a suggestion?
There is not a certain part of town. But I will need a table for 2 people on Wednesdat at 13:30.|I found the tandoori palace on the south side of town for you. I also booked a table for the date and time you wanted. Here is your reference number R8QVU1MH
That should be all, Thank you very much.|Ok great. Have a wonderful day!
I am looking for a train departing from Cambridge that would arrive by 19:45.|There are 1,029 trains that meet your needs. Would you like to narrow it down by destination, day, and/or the time it leaves?
Yes, I need a train that goes to Ely and leaves on Sunday.|Train TR5389 leaves Cambridge at 17:50 and arrives in sly at 18:07. Can I book this for you?
That works, can you book 2 seats for me please?|Booking was successful, the total fee is 7.04 GBP payable at the station. Reference number is : 9YZO84HU. Can I help you with anything else?
I am also looking for a very expensive restaurant located in the Centre. Do you have any suggestions?|There are 33 expensive restaurants in the centre. Is there a particular kind of cuisine you're looking for?
Yes, I'd prefer British food.|There are 3 results for expensive british food in the centre area. The first is fitzbillies restaurant, would you like more information on it?
That one sounds good, could you reserve me a table for 2 at 14:15?|Just to make sure I have this correct. Which day would you like the reservation booked for?
The same day as the train, on sunday. Can I also get the reference number please?|Unfortunately that is booked already. Would you like to book a different time?
Can you try booking for 2 on Sunday at 13:15 instead?|Certainly! I was able to book you for 2 people at Fitzbillies Restaurant at 13:15 on Sunday. Your Reference number is YHP8JIIA.
Thanks so much - that's all I need today. You've been a great help!|Thank you as well. Have a wonderful day.
I am looking for a restaurant sitar tandoori. Can you give me more information?|Sitar tandoori is a indian restaurant in the east. It is considered expensive.  Would you like to make a reservation?
Yes. I would like to book a table for 6 at 18:00 on Monday please.|sorry, the booking was unsuccessful. can you please choose another day or time slot?
Can you try for 17:00 instead? And if they are available, I need the reference number.|Alright, I've got your reservation booked, reference number is PE2FBNEN.
Thanks. I am also looking for a college to visit while I am in town.|there are no colleges in the east. can i look somewhere else?
How about in a different area?|There are 4 colleges in the west. Churchill college is located at storey's way. It's entrance fee is free.
I am looking for a modern European restaurant in the moderate range.|I have three restaurants that meet your criteria - Restaurant Alimentum, De Luca Cucina and Bar, and Riverside Brasserie. Would you like to book a table at one of these?
Sure, you can choose. As long it's in the moderate price range and serves modern European food, can you tell me what area it is in please?|Certainly, how about riverside brasserie is in the moderate price range, serves modern European and it is in the Centre area. How many people shall I book it for?
Let me think on that, could you help me book a train?|could you be a little more specific please; what day do you want to leave, and when do you want to leave?
I'd like to leave after 13:45 on thursday from cambridge to stansted airport.|I found 10 trains, do you have any time you need to arrive by?
No, I just need to leave after 13:45. Give me which ever one is earliest.|The earliest one I have leaving is 14:40 and arriving at 15:08. Would you like me to book this for just one person?
Not at this time, no. I just needed the information, thank you.|Can I assist you with anything else today?
That is everything. Thank you!|Excellent. Have a good day!
I am looking for a place to stay in the north with a 0 star rating.|There is one place, City Centre North B and B. It is a guest house that has internet and parking available, is cheap, and is at 328a Histon Road.
Okay thank you so much!|Can I help you with anything else?
No, thank you!|You are very welcome. Have a great day!
What is the phone number and post code for that B and B?|The phone number is 01223312843 and the postcode is cb43ht. Do you need anything else?
Yes, I need a restaurant that serves sri lankan food in the same area.|There are no sri lankan restaurants in that area. Is there another type of food place you'd like to try?
That's OK, can you look for an Italian food restaurant.|There's da vinci pizzeria in the north located at 20 Milton Road Chesterton. Would you like me to book a reservation for you?
No that will be all thank you|Thanks, please let me know if you need anything else.
I'm looking for a guesthouse where I can stay in east Cambridge.|There are several guesthouses on the east side. I recommend the Allenbell. It's cheap, but it still gets 4 stars.
I was hoping for one that is in the moderate price range.|Okay I have the A and B guesthouse in the moderate price range. Would you like to book that?
Yes, actually. Can you reserve a room for me for Friday for 3 guests?|Booking was successful.
Reference number is : UN2JUAA4.
I'm also looking for an Italian restaurant, something in the same area as the hotel.|I have one restaurant called Pizza Hut Fen Ditton and it is moderately priced. Would you like me to make a reservation?
Yes, please make it for  the same group of people at 15:00 on the same day.|I have you booked in at that time and day.
I also need a taxi|I can help with that! When and were would you need your taxi?
I need a taxi to commute between the two places.|Okay, so you'll be going to the restaurant from the hotel? Or to the hotel from the restaurant? and at what time, please?
The hotel to the restaurant please|Booking completed!
Booked car type	:	red honda
Contact number	:	07823449934
You will arrive by 14:45.
Thanks, that's all. Good bye.|Thank you for contacting us have a nice day.
Good day. I'm headed into town and I need help finding a guesthouse that offers free wifi please|Okay, I can help with that. What is your price range and what area would you like to stay in?
The area doesn't matter, but I would like it to be in the moderate price range.|Four great options in the north and one in the east, I suggest the Acorn.
Okay, i'll try it out!  Book me for 6 people, 2 nights starting this monday.|Your booking was successful! Your reference number is M2YEYUTC. Is there anything else I can help with?
Thank you.  Yes, I also need to find a moderately priced Italian restaurant.|there are 5. which side of town do you prefer?
I would refer in the center and  as long as it's moderate pricing.|There are two pizza express locations in the centre. One in Regent Street City Centre and the other in Jesus Lane Fen Ditton. Would one of those work for you?
Yes, let's go for the one in Regent Street City Centre. It will be on Monday, at 19:15, and there will be 6 people.|You are booked for the Pizza Express. Your reference number is G6O0PMU6.
thank you that will be all|Have a good visit!
I am looking for a restaurant in Cambridge that serves Turkish food and is located in the west.|I'm sorry, but there are no restaurants that fit those criteria. Would you like me search in another area, or for a different type of food?
is there a restaurant serving indian food?|There are several Indian restaurants in the west, would you prefer a more expensive price range or moderate?
Either price range is fine, can you tell me more about some of the restaurants you mentioned?|Yes I found five restaurants in the west four in the expensive range and one in the moderate price range.
Can you give me the address, price range, and phone number of the best one?|The tandoori palace is a restaurant in the expensive price range located at 68 histon road chesterton. The phone number is 01223506055. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Thank you. I am also looking for a place to stay. I am specifically look for a four star hotel.|I am showing 21 hotels with a four star rating. Would you also like a hotel that is in the west?
Not necessarily I just needed to be a guest house with free Wi-Fi|We have finches bed and breakfast, also in the west with complimentary internet, as well as four stars. Would you like me to book this for you?
Please book it for 6 people and 5 nights starting from sunday.|Booking was successful. Reference number is : QKZSOURZ.. Anything else today?
I need a taxi to travel between the two places. I need to leave tandoori by 07:30. Can you suggest something for me? I need contact number and car type.|I would be happy to help with finding a taxi. Can I ask where you will be traveling too? That way we can find the best taxi company for you!
Yes to the hotel from the restaurant. I need to leave by 7:30 and will need the car type and a contact number please.|I have booked a black Skoda for you at 7:30 at the restaurant. The contact number is 07889958021.
Thank you so much for your assistance today I think that will be all.|You are welcome. Have a great day.
I would like to find a French restaurant, please.|You can try cote in the centre.  Need a reservation?
If it's moderately priced, yes please.|I do not have a moderate priced French place. Do you have another kind in mind?
Hmm. How about Indian instead?|There are four moderately priced Indian restaurants. Two are in the east. Would you like me to make a reservation for either Curry Prince or Rajmahal?
Yes, please book me for 2 people at 14:30 on Monday.|Okay I've booked you at Curry Place. Your reference number is Reference number is : EP4ZPSL2. Do you need anything else?
I also need to find a place to stay while I am in town.|How many stars do you want.
I am looking for a 2 star hotel with free wifi.|I have 3 hotels that fit your criteria. Would you like one located in the north or the east?
Yes, 
The hotel should include free wifi and doesn't need to have free parking.|Well then, I would recommend the Ashley hotel. Would you like me to book a room for you?
book it for the same group of people and 4 nights starting from the same day.|Your room has been booked. Your reference number is PWWHLH5V.
thank you. you took care of all my needs. thanks. bye.|Great, I'm glad I could assist. Enjoy your trip, have a good day!
I want a restaurant in the centre and serves japanese food. What is the address?|Wagamama serves Japanese food and is in the center area of town. The address is 36 Saint Andrews Street.
Thank You!|Is there anything else I can help you with?
No thank you|Have a great day. Thank you for using the services
I am looking for information on train schedules. i need a train that leaves after 11:00 to Cambridge.|There are 973 trains that meet your needs. What is your departure station and what day are you traveling?
I will be departing from London Kings Cross and want to leave on Monday.|There is a Train, TR572 that departs from london kings cross Monday at 11:17
Perfect.  I'd like to be on that train.  TR572, is that the train ID?|No, sorry. The train id is TR5720. That is the london kings cross to cambridge on monday at 11:17.
Ok, great thanks. Could you also give me information on a restaurant called la mimosa?|La Mimosa is an expensive Mediterranean place in the centre. Would you like me to book this for you?
Yes please book it for seven people on the same day also please give me a reference number|What time would you like the reservation?
I would like the reservation for 20:00.|I'm sorry, but can you please restate your requirements for the restaurant. There seems to be an error.
La Mimosa restaurant for 7 people at 15:15 on Monday.  Can you please send me the reference number?|Okay! Great! I was able to book that restaurant at 15:15 for 7 people on Monday and your reference number is C0BM6NFL.
Thank you, that is all I need at this time.|You are welcome, goodbye!
Hi, I am looking for a restaurant called Yu garden.|I can help with that. They are a chinese restaurant in the east. It is rather expensive. Can I help you in reserving a table?
Yes I need a booking for 3 people at 17:30 on sunday. I also need a reference number with that.|It's booked for you and your reference number is J2CIDCSA. It will be reserved for 15 minutes. Will that be all?
I also need to find a hotel in the area.  Can you help me with that?|What area do you wish to book a hotel room?
I have no preference on location, but something in a moderate price range with free parking. It doesn't need to have internet.|I've found quite a few hotels that match what you're looking for. Would you like to be in the same part of town as your restaurant?
Actually, could you check for a hotel that also has free wifi?|Yes, the hotel has free wifi. Would you like me to book you?
Yes, same three people for four nights, from the same day, Sunday.|I have several. what area are you looking to stay in?
I don't really care. Where would you book, if you were in my shoes?|I would suggest the Acorn Guest House
Let's book that one. Please send me the reference number.|Booked! Reference number: ANQ5V11Q.
Thanks, that's what I needed.|Would you like anything else?
no, thank you|Okay then so long!
Thanks, I'm all set. You can end this conversation on your end now!|Have a lovely day.
I need to find a train that leaves after 13:00 on Saturday|Sure, which stations will you be using?
I'll be departing from cambridge and going to broxbourne|TR4334 will leave at 13:01 and arrive by 14:01. Do you want to book this train?
What time is the next one after that?  That is cutting it close and I don't want to miss it.|The next train leaves at 14:01 and arrives by 15:01.  Will that work better for you?
book for me that for one person|I will book it for you now.
Can you get me the reference number too?|Booking was successful, the total fee is 14.32 GBP payable at the station. Your reference number is : TB72NAOO. Can I help with anything else?
I am also looking for a mid ranged priced Indian place to dine.|There are four restaurants that serve Indian food in a moderate price range, in which area of town would you prefer to eat?
I want to eat in the east please|Sure, I recommend Curry Prince located in the east. Would you like a reservation?
Please do. I'll need a table for 1 person on saturday at 10:45. And give me the reference number too.|It's booked, your reference number is 96K0BBZZ.
Thank you for your time.|Is there anything else I can assist you with?
That is all today, thank you.|I hope you have a wonderful time.
hi, i am looking for bar in town that serves food.|What area of town should it be in?
it should be in the east area and serve south indian food.|what about price specifications?
I would like something cheap please?|I don't actually have anything in town that serves Indian food in the east that's cheap. Can I try something else for you?
How about a restaurant that serves Chinese food?|I do not have any cheap Chinese food places in the east. Would you like me to search another area?
I really wanted South Indian food in the easy.  Are there any choices regardless of price?|Curry Prince is moderately priced, would you like me to book you?
Yes please book a table for 3 people at 17:45 on sunday.|Done! The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Your reference number is J7WQHV7J. Can I help you with anything else?
Thanks. Can you also find lodging for me? I am looking for a 4 star hotel that has free wifi.|Do you have a preference of area or price range?
No any one will do. What ever you recommend. it should also have free parking.|I recommend the University Arms Hotel. It is cheap and in the west. 4 stars and free parking and wifi. Can I book you a room?
Could you please give me their address?|Their address is Regent Street, CB21AD. Is there anything else I can do for you?
Can I get a taxi from University Arms Hotel to Curry Prince by 17:45?|Of course! A black ford will pick you up at University Arms Hotel and take you to Curry Prince at 17:45. The contact number is 07880637030
Thank you so much. That's all I need today.|You're very welcome! Have a great day! Bye!
I am looking for information on the hamilton lodge hotel.|The Hamilton Lodge is located in the northern part of town. It has three stars and moderate pricing. Would you like the address and phone number?
Yes, please, I want to book it. Give me the reference number.|Address for Hamilton Lodge is 156 Chesterton Road and the phone number is 01223365664.  How many people, how many nights, and on what day would you like to book?
7 people are staying for 3 nights starting on friday.|Excellent, you're all set. The reference number is ZJ7WBMYC
I'm also looking for a restaurant in the expensive price range.|Sure there is a restaurant called Siagon City. Would you like me to make a reservation for you or would you care to do this yourself?
Is Siagon City in the west? I want a restaurant in the west.|No, but Graffiti is an expensive restaurant in the west serving British food. How does that sound?
What's the address and postcode for Graffiti?  Could you also book a taxi from the hotel at 20:15? Please send me the contact number and car type.|The address is Hotel Felix Whitehouse Lane Huntingdon Road and the postcode is cb30lx. Please tell me where you are departing from for the taxi.
Great can I also get a taxi to take me between the hotel and restaurant?|Your Taxi is booked. Your car type will be a black Toyota and the contact number is 07498631779
That is everything. Thank you.|Excellent. Have a good day!
Thanks, I don't need anything else today.|Thanks. I'm glad I could help.
I'm looking for a 4 star hotel in the east.|I have some excellent guesthouse choices, may I check availability for a certain date?
I do not have a date at this time.|Is there any preference for wifi or parking access?
I need free parking.|great, that narrows it down to seven options!
Ok, can you pick one for me?  I'll just need the address and postcode please.|Home from Home is a great 4 star guesthouse located at 78-80 milton road, cb41la.  Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Yes, I need to find a restaurant that serves international food and is cheap. Also I need it in the same area as my hotel.|The Missing Sock is near your hotel and has cheap International Food.
Great, can you book a table for 4 people on Thursday at 19:45?|There is no availability at that time in the establishment.  Would you like to try a different place?
No, is there anything available for 18:45?|Unfortunately, our booking system is down at this time.
Can you try again for me?|I was able to book your table for 18:45. Your reference number is X15KR3V6.
thanks so much you've been really patient and kind.|Glad I could help is there anything else you need today?
No, you have helped me fully.  Thank you very much.|Call us again anytime. Good Bye.
Can you help me find a restaurant in the centre?|The Centre has many choices, 69 to be exact.  Do you have any food type or price range in mind?
I am looking for a restaurant that serves modern European food.|What price range would you like?
moderate price range please and thank you that will be all|I can suggest the riverside brassiere.
Ok sure. I need brassiere|Can I make the reservation for you?
Yes, a table for one on Wednesday at 20:00.|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Reference number is : XT4L7KCY.
I will also need a taxi.|What time will you be leaving and what time you will like to arrive?
I want the taxi to arrive to the restaurant in time for my reservation there|Where will you be leaving from?
Sorry I need to book a hotel first. Do you have a 3 star with free parking in the same area?|The Gonville Hotel is available in that area.
Do they have wifi?|Yes they have wifi
Okay can you tell me the address and price range of the Gonville Hotel?|It is an expensive hotel and the address is gonville place.
Thanks.  Now I can book my taxi from the hotel to the restaurant.|Would you like me to reserve the hotel?
No reservation, just a taxi from the hotel to the restaurant arriving by 20:00|all set for your taxi yellow audi Contact number 07456600776. Any thing else i can do ?
Thank you that will be all I need|You are welcome enjoy
I am looking for a restaurant|What area of town could you like to dine at?
The town centre, please.|What type of food would you like to dine on?
I don't care, as long as it's really expensive.|Bedouin is a unique African restaurant in the centre that is expensive. Would you like me to book you a table?
Yes, for four people on Saturday. Do you have anything at 15:45?|Yes had an opening for 15:45 so I made a reservation for you. Your reference is QCLAB4ER and the table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
I also need a place to stay that is a guesthouse and should include free parking.|I can help you with that. What price range would you like?
Expensive, I would like the place to be pricey.|I'm sorry, there are no expensive guesthouses. Would you like to try something else?
Hmm.. okay, how about moderate?  Big thing I guess is free parking and a 3 star rating.|There are 3 hotels that fit your criteria: The Bridge Guest House, Hamilton Lodge, and Hobsons House.
You choose your favorite. Book me for the same group of people please for 3 nights starting on Saturday.|Okay. We have you booked at the Bridge Guest House. The reference number is KTPR4JKI.
Thank you. I also need a taxi to pick me up at the hotel and get me to the restaurant on time, 15:45.|Your taxi will be a black Honda. Their number is 07401864522
Thank you very much. Have a nice day!|You're welcome! Have a great day!
I'd like to find an expensive restaurant where I can eat african food.|I would recommend the Bedouin at 100 Mill Road City Centre.  Can I book a table for you?
Yes, a table for two at 5:00. Thanks!|Which day would you like that for?
I would prefer Sunday at 15:30.|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Reference number is : NUW9RNII.
I also need a train from Kings Lynn on Sunday.|What time would you like to travel?
I'd like to arrive by 12:00.|TR7763 arrives 11:58 and will cost you 7.84 pounds. can we book?
Yes that sounds perfect!|How many tickets will you need?
Actually I'm sorry I don't need it booked right now. May I get travel time, and departure time?|Of course. TR7763 leaves Kings Lynn on Sunday at 11:11. The duration of the trip will be 47 minutes with arrival in Cambridge at 11:58.
Thank you very much. That is all for now.|Are you sure I can't help you find some attractions while in town?
Actually, I need a table for 5, not 2, sorry about that.|Okay, we've made the change from 2 to 5. The reference number is 5A2M3RB9. Can I help with anything else?
No that's all I need. Thank you for the help!|excellent, have a great day!
I am looking for a moderately priced restaurant in the north part of town.|There is the Golden Wok for Chinese food and the Nirala for Indian food.
Can I get the address and phone number?|For which location would you like that address and phone number?
For both please|golden wok is located at 191 histon road chesterton and its phone number is 01223 350688. The nirala is located at 7 milton road chesterton and its phone number is 01223360966. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Thank you and goodbye.|You're welcome. Thanks and goodbye.
Hey, I'll be in Cambridge and I'm curious about the local restaurants. Can you find me a moderately priced one that serves European food?|Sure, how about the Hotel Du Vin and Bistro?
Is that found in the center?|Yes, this restaurant is found on Trumpington Street in the centre.
Can you please give me the address and postcode and phone number? I want to jot this down in case I get lost.|The phone number is 01223227330, the postcode is cb21qa and the address is 15 - 19 Trumpington Street. Would you like me to reserve a table?
No thanks. I also need an expensive place to stay that has free parking.|Sure, do you have a part of town you prefer for this?
I don't have a preference. As long as it has free wifi and is a guesthouse.|I'm afraid there isn't a guesthouse that meets all of those requirements.  Are they all important to you?
Can you find me a moderately priced one?|There are actualy 12, but I recommend bridge guest house, would you like more info or a booking?
The Bridge Guest House sounds fine. I'll need it booked for Wednesday, 4 nights, and 8 people.|Your room has been booked. The reference number is 6N17JECV.
That is all I need. Thank you.|Thank you so much for calling Cambridge TownInfo centre! We hope you enjoy your time in Cambridge!
Hello. I need to get to the airport from my hotel.|When do you want to leave?
I am looking for places to go in the East side of town. Do you have any suggestions?|There are ten different attractions on the east side of town, could I recommend the Funky Fun House entertainment attraction?
That's sounds great. Can I have the telephone number? I'm also looking for a place to dine in the expensive price range in the same area, any suggestions?|The phone number for Funky Fun House is 01223304705. There are 5 expensive restaurants in the East. Do you have a cuisine preference?
I'd prefer a place that serves Indian food.|There are two restaurants like you want the Pipasha restaurant and Sitar Tandoori.  Do you have a preference as to which one you would like to book?
I'm not ready to book yet.  Can you give me the postcode for Sitar Tandoori?|The postal code for Sitar Tandoori is cb19hx.
I would like to book a taxi to take me from Sitar Tandoori to Funky Fun House at 21:30. Can you provide a contact number and the car type?|A red lexus will pick you up from sitar tandoori at 21:30. Your contact number is 0735340742.
Thanks! That's all I needed today. Goodbye!|Thank you! Have a nice day!
Can you find me a good restaurant in the city centre?|there are quite a number. what is your price range?
I don't really have one but would like to try a European restaurant.|Okay, how about Eraina that's on Free School Lane City?
Sounds great. Would you book me a table for 8, for Monday at 19:00?|Your table is booked!  Reference #: GV2YF6H5.  The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.  Can I assist you with anything else today?
Are there any entertainment venues near the restaurant?|There are 44 options available. Is there anything particular you are interested in ?
The attraction should be in the same area as the restaurant and should be in the type of entertainment. A museum|There are 11 museums is that area. The great thing is they are all free. Do you want additional information on any of them?
What area are they in?|They are all located in the centre the same as the restaurant. Would you like me to recommend one?
Yes, please provide a suggestion.|The fitzwilliam museum has amazing art and sculpture. The address is trumpington street and the phone number is 01223332900. Do you want more information?
I will also need a taxi from the attraction to my dinning.|Your red toyota has been booked and its contact number is 07932820731.
Thank you so much for all your help.|You are welcome.  Enjoy your time in Cambridge.  Goodbye.
I need to find a certain restaurant called the slug and lettuce.|The slug and lettuce is a gastropub in the centre of town. Would you like to book a table?
No. I just needed the area. Thank you!|You are very welcome. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Yes, please. I need a 3-star hotel with free wifi.|I found 5 hotels that are available, do you have a price range or hotel style you'd prefer?
I'd like it to be a guesthouse with free parking included please.|I would recommend the Bridge Guest House. It's on the south side of town.
What is the price range? Can I also get the address and postcode?|The bridge guest house is moderately priced and is at 151 hills road, postcode cb28rj.
Great! Thats all the information I needed. Have a great day.|thank you for calling.
Thank you, and goodbye.|You are welcome. Take care.
I am traveling to Cambridge and looking forward to try local restaurants.|I would be happy to help.  There are lots of great restaurants in town!  Do you what to try a particular type of food?
I still need to discuss restaurants details with a couple people first, can I start by looking for a 4 star place to stay in the south with free parking please?|I have 2 guesthouses that match your criteria, do you have a price preference?
Do they have wifi?|yes and they are a number without
Okay, which place do you recommend?|I recommend rosa's bed and breakfast. Could I book a stay for you?
not now . i am also looking for a place to dine|There are several restaurants, what type of food would you like?
I would like a japanese place in the cheap range.|There's nothing matching that. Do you have any other criteria?
Can we search for Portuguese instead?|There is one place available called the Nandos! Would you like for me to book a table?
That sounds lovely. I would like to book it for Saturday, for 7 people, at 14:15.|Your booking for 7 at 14:15 was successful! The reference number is 38PZHLJO. May we help you with anything else?
i also want a taxi|Where to and from, and what time will you need the taxi?
i want to book a taxi to commute between the two places.|at what time should it leave?
The most important thing is that it gets me to the restaurant in time for the reservation. I can leave the hotel whenever necessary.|Okay. I've booked for you a yellow skoda. The contact number is 07314173329
Thank you, that is all I need.|Have a good day!
Are there any 4-star places to stay that also have free wifi?|Yes, there are 21 places found. Do you have a specific area in mind?
I prefer something in the north. And a guesthouse would be better.|I have eight places, do you have a price range in mind?
No, but free wifi and four star please.|The Acorn Guest House is a nice 4 star guesthouse in the north with free wifi. Would you like me to book a room?
Please book it for 1 people for 2 nights starting from friday.|You've been successfully booked and your reference number is TJZMY6L9. Is there anything else you need?
Yes, I'm also looking for a cheap place to eat that's also in the north.|I found two cheap places in the north. 1 indian on Victoria Ave and 1 italian at 20 Milton Rd both in Chesterton.  Is that all?
Let's try the Italian one.  Can I get the postcode and phone number for it, too?|Da vinci pizzeria is located at 20 Milton Road Chesterton, postcode cb41jy and their phone number is 01223351707.
Great, thank you for all your help today.|Anything else I can help with?
No, that would be all. Thanks. Bye.|Enjoy your stay!
I am looking for a restaurant called Charlie Chan|I found Charlie Chan on Regent Street City Center. Can I book that for you?
yes please, for 1 person at 12:45 on Thursday, thank you|You're all set! The reference number is NL81FN41
Thanks! I also need a train to Cambridge on Thursday. Can you help me with that?|Can you tell me your departure station and a time you'd like to either leave or arrive?
I am looking to leave Kings Lynn station and arrive by 9:45|I have 4 trains that arrive before 9:45. Would you like me to book TR8705 which leaves at 8:11 and arrives at 8:58
What's the price and travel time for that train?|The price is 9.80 pounds and will leave at 8:11 and arrive at 8:58, which is 47 minutes travel time. Would you like to book a seat?
Yes, that sounds good.|Is this also just for one person?
Actually hold off on booking for now.  Thank you for your help.|You are welcome. Is there anything else I can do for you?
No, that will be all. Thank you for all your assistance.|You're welcome! Let me know if I can help with anything else.
Hi, can you point me to an expensive restaurant that serves Italian food?  I will be in the area soon.|I have 4 in the centre of town and one in the south, any preference?
Yes, I would like to book a reservation in the south for 2 people on friday afternoon.|Could you give me a more specific time for the "afternoon"?  Reservations can be placed starting on the hour and every 15 minutes after.
Yes. I actually need a restaurant in the centre for three people on Wednesday at 18:15.|I cannot get a table reserved for you at that time. Perhaps another day or time slot maybe?
Can you try 17:15?|I was able to book stazione restaurant and coffee bar the reference number is 95K25VSO
Thank you. Can you book me a train arriving the same day as I am going to the restaurant?|I would be happy to help if I have some more information. What are the departure and destination locations?
I'm coming to Cambridge from London Liverpool Street.|When would you like to leave or arrive by?
I would like to arrive by 10:00 and I would like to book it for the same quantity of people as in the restaurant. I also would like the reference number.|Ok, I have booked 2 tickets on TR5936 leaving Liverpool St at 07:39 and arriving in Cambridge at 09:07. Reference number 68JD5L35. It will be 33.20GBP at the station.
Thank you! Goobye.|You're welcome. Have a nice day.
Please find me a restaurant in the centre part of town.|There are many restaurants in the centre of town.  Are you looking for a specific kind of food?
I am looking for traditional food in the centre part of town.|I'm sorry, there are no traditional restaurants listed in the centre part of town. Would you like to try something else?
How about turkish food?|anatolia serves turkish food and is located in the centre of town.  Their phone number is 01223 362372 and they are located at 30 Bridge Street City Centre
What is price range?|Anatolia is moderately priced. Do you need additional information?
No, that is it. Thank you.|Thank you, have a nice day!
I need to book a restaurant.|I'm happy to assist you. What type of cuisine would you like?
I would really love to try christmas food.|I'm sorry, I am not showing any restaurants serving Christmas food. Would you like to consider a different cuisine?
I would love italian food then.|We have 15 different Italian restaurants across town at different price ranges. Do you want to narrow down your choices?
No thank you. I'll just need a price range and postcode for one of them.|pizza hut city centre is inthe cheap price range. their postcode is cb21ab
Thank you for the information, I also need a train on Wednesday from Cambridge.|Will you be travelling alone, and what is your destination?
I would like to request information about a train to London Liverpool Street, I would like to leave after 9:15, when do I arrive and what is the price?|TR5874  arrives 11.27 and will cost 16.60 pounds	.is that it?
Yes that was all I needed to today.  Thank you goodbye.|Have a good day.
Is there a restaurant in the centre of town serving halal food?|No, there are no restaurants in the center of town serving Halal food.
Is there any restaurant in the centre serving spanish food?|There are two Spanish restaurants in the city centre. What price range are you looking for?
I don't care.|La Raza is located int he centre of town and is in the cheap price range.
La Raza sounds lovely. May I have the number and postcode please?|Of course! Their number is 01223 464550 and their postcode is C.B 2, 3 L.L. Is there anything else I can do for you?
No, thank you, I have all I need.  Goodbye!|Good bye. It was a pleasure to assist you.
Again, goodbye!|Goodbye.
Could you find me a cheap restaurant in the centre please|I have 15 in the centre. Did you have a food type preference?
Is there one that serves chinese food?|There are three Chinese restaurants. They are charlie chan, rice house, and golden house. Does one appeal to you?
Rice House sounds interesting, and I need some cheap egg rolls. What postcode is that place in?|The post code is cb12bd.  They have amazing egg rolls!
Thanks - I am also wondering if there are any multiple sports attractions in the city centre.|There are not. The only multiple sports center is located in the east. Would you like more info on it?
How about a college type attraction in the same area as the restaurant then?|Sure.  We have 13 colleges in the city centre.  While many are free, some do have an entrance fee.
Would you recommend one?|I would say Downing college is the best. What info shall I provide you with concerning that place?
Can I get their phone number, address and postcode please?|Their phone number is 01223334860, they are located at regent street, and their postcode is cb21dq.
I'd like a taxi to commute back and forth please.|What time would you like the Taxi?
I want to leave the restaurant by 17:00 please.|Your booking is complete. It will be a white honda and its contact number is 07316123574.
Thanks a bunch. Have a great night. Take care. Bye.|Thank you! Hope you have a wonderful trip!
I am looking for a cheap restaurant|Ok, I'm showing a number of cheap restaurants in town. Which area do you prefer ?
I want somewhere in the center .|There are many restaurants in the centre of town. Is there any particular type of food you desire?
I made a mistake. I am looking for a cheap restaurant in the north part of town.|I have two restaurants available, do you prefer Italian or Indian food?
I prefer Indian food.|royal spice is a cheap indian restaurant in the north.
Is there anything else?|There is nothing else in the Indian and cheap in the north part of town.
How about that Italian restaurant?|Da Vinci Pizzeria is a cheap Italian restaurant in the north.  It's address is 20 Milton Road, Chesterton.
Thank you for the information. Goodbye.|Thank you, have a nice day!
Hello, I'm looking for a place to eat - moderately priced in the centre area.|There are many, can you tell me what type of food you are looking for?
I would love to try modern european. Do you have that type?|I have two available. Both are moderately priced. I have the De Luca Cucina and Bar. The other is the Riverside Brasserie. Do you prefer one of these?
Perhaps the Riverside Brasserie. I would like to book a table for 8 at 11:00 on Monday, please get me the reference number. Thank you.|your book was successful. Your reference is YFNH30LM. Can I help you with anything else?
Yes I need at train arriving by 08:45 to Cambridge.|Ok perfect, what day do you want to depart?
I will be leaving Monday.|Okay, great, and your location of departure?
I am departing from leicester|Train TR8829 departs from Leicester at 6:09 and arrives in Cambridge at 7:54. Would that work for you?
That sounds fine. Can you please reserve seats for a party of eight on that train?|Okay, your booking is successful and your reference number is N78T0X5J. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, that's all. Thanks for your help.|Thank you and enjoy your visit. Have a great day.
Hi, I would like a restaurant inthe centre of town which serves creative food please.|Sadly there are no restaurants anywhere in Cambridge that describe their food as "creative." We do have many restaurants in town, though, so I'd be happy to look for something else.
How about a restaurant that services Chinese food?|There are 10 Chinese restaurants in the centre of town. Is there a specific price range you would like?
I don't care about the price range. Can you just pick a good one for me?|If money is no concern, I would definitely recommend HK Fusion. It's in the centre of town and expensive. It's located at 21 Burleigh Street, City Centre. How does that sound?
Yes, sounds good. Please reserve a table for six at 12:15 on Saturday.|That was unsuccessful. Would you like another day or time slot?
Is 11:15 on Saturday available?|That booking was successful. A reservation was made for 6 people at HK Fusion on Saturday at 11:15. Reference is ARWFXLDL. Can I help with anything else?
Nothing else. I look forward to the meal. Thank you for all your help.|You're very welcome. Thanks for using our service.
I need  a nice place to stay, do you have those?|We have many nice places that would suit your needs.  Is there a particular area you are wanting to stay in?
I would like to stay in the centre of town.|Sure, I have five options for you. What price range?
I would like the moderate price range.|I have found the cityroomz located in the centre for a moderate price.  It has 0 stars and free internet.  Can I make the reservation for you?
Yes please make a booking for 6 people and 2 nights starting from monday.|Booking was successful. Reference number is : XPE70MGX. Is there anything more I can help with today?
I would like more info on the Travellers Rest, it is a restaurant.|It is a british restaurant in the west. It is expensive. Can I tell you anything further about it?
Sure. I would like to book it for 6 people on Monday at 14:30.|My apologies, there is a known system issue that is not allowing booking specifically on restaurants, you would have to call them directly at 01223276182, can I help with anything else?
I also need to find a taxi.|Where would the taxi need to pick you up?
Can they pick me up at the hotel and take me to the restaurant in time for my reservations?|A yellow toyota will pick you up at Cityroomz and get you to the restaurant for that reservation. The contact number is 07700237290. Can I help with anything else?
That's it for me today. Thank you, bye|Thank you have a good day too?
I want to find a moderate price restaurant and serving austrian food.|There are no restaurants for Austrian food matching your request.
What about British food?|There are 5 moderately priced restaurants that serve British food. Saint Johns Chop House in the west, and Cotto, Restaurant One Seven, The Copper Kettle, and The Oak Bistro in the city centre.
Saint Johns Chop House sounds good. Could you give me the phone number?|Yes, here it is 01223 353110.
Thank you so much.|Can I help you with anything else today?
That's it, goodbye|Thank you for using the Cambridge restaurant system, goodbye.
I need a swimming pool in the north.|I have 2 swimming pools in the north area. Jesus green outdoor pool or kings hedges learner pool. Would you like more infomation on one?
Yes what's the postcode for kings hedges learner pool?|The postcode for kings hedges learner pool is cb42xh
I'd also like to find an expensive restaurant in the same area, please.|Booking was not successful book another day or time slot please
I want an expensive restaurant that serves asian oriental food in the same area as the attraction, please.|The only restaurant in the area is kymmoy. Should I book it for you?
Please book for 2 people at 14:00 on Saturday. May I confirm the reference number?|Booking went through successfully. Your reference number is FK5FQYAN.
Thank you so much for your help. You have been most helpful.|You are most welcome!
Find me a cheap vietnamese food place please.|We have thanh binh.  Would you like a reservation?
Yes, please book a table for 8 on Thursday at 15:00.|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Reference number is : LAKQV5EK.
I also need a Friday train.|OK, from where to where do you need a train?
I am departing from Cambridge and going to Birmingham New Street.|There are 19 trains. Do you have a preferred time to leave or arrive by?
I want to arrive at Birmingham new street by 21:15, please.|There are 15 possible options. Do you want me to reserve some tickets for you?
Yes please pick the last option and book 8 tickets for me. I will definitely need the reference number too.|Your booking was successful. The reference number is Z277D99H.
Great. Thank you for all your help.|You are welcome, let us know if we can help with anything else.
I need a restaurant in Cambridge that has international food and a moderate price range please.|The Varsity restaurant and Bloomsbury both appear to offer what you're looking for. May I book one of those for you?
Yes please make me a reservation at the Bloomsbury for 2 people at 19:30 on Thursday.|I'm sorry I wasn't able to make that booking. Would you like another day or time?
How about 18:30 instead? Does that work?|Yes, the booking has been completed.
I am also looking for a place to stay. Are there any 5 star hotels that include free parking?|Unfortunately there are no hotels that meet those preferences, would you like me to search for a 4 star instead?
Yes please, but it definitely needs to be a hotel, not a guesthouse.|There are three hotels that meet your preferences, would you like me to book one of them for you?
Yes, that would be great. I also need the reference number for the Bloomsbury booking please.|The reference number to the bloomsbury booking is NTKQ8R1I.
Thank you so much.|Did you want me to book that hotel for you? The Huntingdon Marriott, The Cambridge Belfry, and the University Arms all meet your requirements.
I would like to book The Huntingdon Marriott on Thursday for 5 nights for the same 2 people. If it is not available, please book another one.|Unfortunately booking was unsuccessful for that day. Can we try another day?
Do they have a booking for one day?|Yes, I was able to book the hotel for one day.  Your reference number is V1PGRO1T.  Is there anything else I can help you with?
I'm also in need of a taxi to commute between the locations, can you find me one?|I'd be happy to get you a taxi, will you be departing from the hotel or the restaurant? What time do you want to arrive?
I'd like the taxi to pick me up from the hotel. I need to be at the restaurant at 18:30.|I have booked your taxi to bloomsbury from huntingdon, Booked car type: grey volvo Contact number:	07021736620. May I help with anything else?
No, thank you for your help.|You are welcome.  Have a wonderful day and please feel free to reach out again if you have more questions.
Are there any Indonesian restaurants in the centre?|There are no restaurants that meet that criteria. Would you like to try another area of the city?
No. I would like an expensive restaurant, though.|There are quite a few. I might recommend La Mimosa, it serves Mediterranean food. Does that sound good?
I'm not a fan of Mediterranean, is there a Sushi spot somewhere close?|I can't find any sushi places for you how about another?
Let's try expensive Italian food. I need a table for 6 on wednesday at 18:45, can you help me?|I made your reservation at Stazione Restaurant and Coffee Bar for Wednesday at 18:45 for 6 people. Have fun!
Thank you can I get the reference number for my reservation?|The booking was unsuccessful, do you have another preference?
Yes can you find another restaurant in the same area and price range?|I was able to book don pasquale pizzeria reference number is G4T03ZZ7
Okay thank you very much.|You're welcome! Please let me know if you need anything else.
I'd like to find a place to eat on the west side. Something moderately priced, please.|Certainly. On the west side, we have Saint John's Chop House, Meghna, and Prezzo. Do any of those sound good?
Do any of those serve british food?|Yes, saint johns chop house serves British food. Would you like to book a table, if so how many people will be dining?
I only need the restaurant's address, phone number, and postcode.|Saint Johns Chop House is located at 21 - 24 Northampton Street, postcode cb30ad. The phone number is 01223353110. Is there any other information you need?
No, that should be all. Thank you so much for your assistance!|Thank you for using our system!
I'm looking for a luxurious dining experience in the centre of Cambridge.|Do you have any cuisine preferences?
I would really like asian oriental food tonight.|Sure. Would you like to reserve a table at Ugly Duckling, Tang Chinese, HK Fusion, or Sesame Restaurant and Bar?
any of them. book a table for 2 people at 18:45 on wednesday|Will you be needing a reference number?
Yes, I will need the reference number please.|Yes I have it  for you, its 0123357187
Hello, I'd like some information on a restaurant today.|I can help you with that! Is there a specific one you have in mind or perhaps a specific type of cuisine I can search for?
I'm looking for an expensive polynesian place.|I'm sorry, there is nothing that I can find like that.  Do you have anything else I can look for?
Yes, can you look for chinese food please?|I have the hakka located in the north. It is expensive and located at milton road chesterton.  Would you like to make reservations?
I'd really like something in the centre, do you have Polynesian or Chinese in the centre?|Okay, how about the Ugly Duckling?
That sounds interesting. Could you give me the address, phone number and postcode?|There is no phone number listed, but their address is 12 St. Johns Street City Centre and the postcode is cb21tw. What else can I help you with?
I also need a train. It should leave London liverpool Street after 12:45 on Wednesday. I am going to Cambridge.|There earliest train after 12:45 is TR2826, departing London Liverpool Street at 13:39 on Wednesday. Would you like me to book a ticket for you?
Yes, that would be great. Thank you.|Just to confirm, how many tickets do you need?
Just for myself.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 16.6 GBP payable at the station .Reference number is : 1OIMDS0D.
You know what, I'm so sorry I actually did not need a booking at all. I just wanted to know the travel time, arrival time, and price. Sorry.|16.6 gbp a person arrives at 15:07, trip time is 88 minutes, any further questions?
No. That actually takes care of everything. Thanks. Goodbye.|You're welcome! Have a great day!
Hello, I need a place to eat in the center of town.|What cuisine do you want?
I would like Indian cuisine please.|We have nine Indian restaurants in the center. Does price range matter?
I would like a cheaper place please.|May I suggest The Gandhi?  It is in the center of town, its on the cheaper, most affordable price range, and it serves great food.
Yes. 7 people on Friday. 18:30.|Ok, you are all set for Friday at 18:30.  They will hold the table for 15 minutes. Your reference number is VC2RCPYE.
thanks, I'll also need a train from cambridge to kings lynn.|What day and time do you need to travel?
I'll be traveling on Monday. I'll be leaving after 9:15.|The TR1854 leaves for Kings Lynn at 10:11. Would you like me to book you?
That would be great, thank you!|thank you that will be all
Hello, I'd like to stay in a two star guesthouse. Know of anything good?|I do not show any 2 star guesthouses available.  However, we do have 3 or 4 star guesthouses available.  Would that interest you?
A three star would be OK as long as it's got free parking.|There are 3 moderately priced guesthouses with a 3 star rating that offers parking. They are the Bridge Guest House, Hamilton Lodge and Hobsons House.
Ok. Can you tell me if I can book a room at the Bridge Guest House?|How many people are in your party and how many days would you like to stay?
Do they have internet?|Bridge guesthouse does have internet.  Would you like me to book it?
Yes please. I am also looking for a particular restaurant, it's called the rice boat.|I found the rice boat but did you still need that hotel booked?
Yes please. Also, can you book the restaurant for 5 people at 17:30 this Thursday?|I was successfully able to book that for you. Your reference number is Q1PPYLII. Is there anything more I can assist you with?
I would say I'm all set, thank you!|Great, thank you for choosing our service.
I wanted to visit a place called Center, could you tell me the hours it's open, and if it is an attraction that I would need to book in advance?|I'm sorry, I don't have a listing for an attraction by that name.
ok. can you find me a nice hotel where i can spend over the weekend|Perhaps you were interested in an attraction located in city CENTRE? Theatre? dancing? dining? museums? If not, I can help with hotel booking too.
Yes, I am interested in one located in the city Centre. Can you list out several for me so I can choose from them?|There are 44 different attractions in the centre ranging from architecture to nightclubs. What type of entertainment are you interested in?
Please give me a list of nightclubs and the admission fee|There are five nightclubs in the Centre. May I suggest Soul Tree Nightclub? It cost four pounds for the entrance fee.
Can you give me the post code for the Soul Tree Nightclub?|The postcode is cb23qf. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
I would also like to book a table for a restaurant that serves British food and is expensive. I need this to be in the same area as the nightclub.|I found 3 restaurants matching your request.  The cambridge chop house is very popular.  Would you like to book a table there?
yes can you please help me with that?|Yes when would you like to book?
I'd like to book a table for 12:00 on Wednesday|Ok, and for how many people?
I'd like it for 7 people please. And could you also get me a taxi to go between the two?|i booked that for you. your reference number is 2tn0v6dq.
Thank you. Can you also book me a taxi to go between the two?|Sure. I'll just need to know where you want to be picked up and where you want to be dropped off, plus either when you want to leave or arrive by
adress and phone number please and thank you|Unfortunately, I don't understand your message. To book your taxi, I need to know where you are starting and going to. I also need to know what time.
So sorry, I was distracted. I need to arrive at the restaurant in time for my booking, please.|I can book that for you now.
please do and give me car type and contact|Booking completed! Your car is a blue honda and the contact number is 07559573662.
Thank you so much. That's all I need for today.|You are welcome. It has been a pleasure assisting you today. Have a great day.
I need a place to dine, and I'd like to know what my options are in the way of moderately priced vietnamese cuisine.|I'm afraid there aren't any moderate Vietnamese restaurants. Would you like to try something else?
I need something in the centre.|Okay, may I suggest british food?
What about a Gastropub?|The cow pizza kitchen and barn is in the centre of town on Corn Exchange Street.
That sounds great! Can you book a table on Sunday at 13:00 for 4 people, please?|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Reference number is : 5NITO74A.
Thanks. I also need train tickets from leicester to cambridge please|Sure, when will you be traveling?
It will be the same day as the booking and I need to arrive by 09:30|The TR7843 train arrives at cambridge at 8:54. Would you look to purchase tickets or get more information?
I would like to get the departure time and price first.|It costs 30.24 Pounds, and leaves at 07:09. Can I help you with anything else?
Please book for me, thanks.|I have reserved 4 seats for you. Your reference number is 0ORGWOUA.
Thank you. The restaurant and train were my needs today which were successfully met. Goodbye.|Thank you for calling Cambridge TownInfo Centre. Have a nice day. Good bye.
Hi. Can you help me find a train that is departing from leicester?|What is your destination? What day will you be traveling?
I'm leaving Monday from Cambridge and going to Leicester.|What time were you wanting to leave around?
11:15 for 4 people,can you book it for me ?|Booking was successful, the total fee is 151.19 GBP payable at the station .
Reference number is : DKHCMYX0.
Thank you. Can yo also find a restaurant that serves  traditional food and  in the expensive price range?|Unfortunately, we don't have any restaurants in the city that offer traditional food. Is there another type of cuisine I can search for?
Ok, well how about Chinese in the expensive range?|Yes, there are a number of options.  Did you have a particular area of town in mind?
Yes the north please.|Okay, I recommend Hakka on Milton Road Chesterton.
Ok great. Can I get the address and phone number?|Milton Road Chesterton is the address. 01223568988 is the phone number. Can i help you with anything else today?
no. i'm going to head out now. it was great that you could help. goodbye.|Have a lovely day, goodbye!
I am looking for an expensive Indian restaurant.|There are several options, is there a specific area you prefer?
Yes, I'd like to find one in the centre.|How about the curry garden that is in the centre of town and serves indian food?
Is Curry Garden expensive? If so, I want to make a reservation for Sunday.|Yes it is expensive. Their address is 106 Regent Street City Centre. How many people shall I reserve it for and at what time?
1 person and 12:15 on Sunday or Thursday. I also need a reference number|I can reserve a table for 1 on Thursday at 12:15. Should I book it for you?
Yes I already asked you to do it!! And send the reference number!|There seems to be an error in the restaurant booking system. Do you need anything else, like a hotel or taxi in the meantime?
Could you please try again? I really need that reservation. I'd prefer it for Sunday but if they can't accommodate that time, Thursday will suffice.|Neither of those days seem to be available. Would you like me to try a different restaurant. Panahar is expensive and in the same area.
Could you try again, just want something on Thursday, at 12:15.|Good news, the booking system finally worked and I made the reservation! Your reference number is I3VJP80T
Great. Now I need somewhere to stay. I want an expensive place with 2 stars plus parking and wifi too.|express by holiday inn cambridge is the only available hotel we have. Would you like me to make the reservation?
Yes, please, for 4 people, 4 nights. Same day as the restaurant booking.|Your all set, the reference number is 6BRFT2OA, is there anything else I can do for you today?
No thank you, you have been very helpful but please use you're and your in the right places.|Thanks for letting me assist you today. Enjoy your trip!
I want to find a restaurant in the north part of town that serves christmas food.|There are no restaurants that seve Christmas food.
How about asian oriental food?|Saigon city serves Asian oriental food as is in the north part of town.
That sounds like it will work.  May I have the address and phone number, please?|Saigon City has an address of 169 High Street Chesterton, their phone number is 01223 356555.
Thank you, goodbye.|Thank you for using the Cambridge Restaurant Phone System. Enjoy your meal!
Please find an Indian restaurant in the North.|There are two Indian restaurants in the north part of town: The Nirala, which is moderately priced, and Royal Spice, which is cheaply priced.
How about the cheap priced one?|The Royal Spice, then. Would you like the number, or a reservation?
Please set up a reservation. I need a setting for 7 people on Friday at 16:15, my wife's family is flying in then.|You are all set, the reference number is 03TK44PN.  Will you need assistance with a place to stay or a train?
No, but how about attractions in the same area as the restaurant?|There are 2 swimming pools, a park and a boat. Are any of those of interest to you?
i like the park. can i get the phone number and address|The address is Milton Country Park, Milton and the phone is 01223420060.
Ok great, thanks very much!|You are very welcome, enjoy!
I need to find a place called Royal Spice in Cambridge.  It is a restaurant, can you help me?|Yes. It is an Indian restaurant in the North, the phone number is 01733553355 and it is located at Victoria Avenue Chesterton.
Can you please provide the full address?|Yes, the address is Victoria Avenue Chesterton cb41eh. May I help with anything else?
I also need to find a train going to Cambridge from birmingham new street.|What day are you departing and do you have a time preference?
The train should leave on Friday after 19:00|The earliest train after 19:00 is TR9704 leaving at 19:40. Would you like a ticket?
I do not think I want to book at this time. Thank you for all your help.|It was a pleasure helping you. Have a great day!
Are there any british restaurants on the west side?|For the Westies, saint johns chop house is the place.  Need a reservation?
Is that in the moderate price range?|Yes, Saint Johns Chop House is in the moderate price range.
Great!  I'm not sure when I want to go, so can I just get the address and postcode?|Saint Johns Chophouse 21-24 Northampton Street, post code cb30ad. Will there be anything else today?
I am also looking for a hotel in the same area that offers free wifi.|There are 4 accommodations that fit your criteria. How about Finches Bed and Breakfast?
Can you book that for 6 ?|Sure, what day would you like to book it for?
I'd like to book 2 nights starting on tuesday|Booking was successful.
Reference number is : G17HAX2C. Will you need a taxi to get between them?
Yes I do, I'd like to leave the restaurant by 04:45.|Did you want it to pick you up from Saint Johns chop house?
Yes, please, and go to the B&B you booked for me.|Okay, a black toyota is booked. You can contact them at 07431558834
Thank you, that was everything that I needed.|Thank you for contacting us, please don't hesitate to reach out if there's anything else you need in the future.
I want to find a moderately-priced restaurant in the centre.|We have 21 entries that match. Do you have a preference on type of food?
I'd like Lebanese food please.|ali baba serves lebanese food in the town centre at a moderate price range. Would you like to make a booking?
Yes please. I need a table for 3 at 18:45 on a Tuesday.|I was unable to find you a table at that time. Is there another time that would work for you?
I guess we could move it an hour earlier, if that's better?|That worked.  You have a table at 17:45 with reference number 2S4UXXS3.  Can I help with anything else today?
That's all I needed. Thanks for your help.|No problem.  Happy to help.
I want a restaurant in the south part of town and serves panasian food.|Sorry, there are no restaurants in the south part of town serving panasian food.
italian food please. phone number and postcode please.|Frankie and Bennys serves Italian food in the south part of town. The phone number is 01223 412430, and the postcode is C.B 1, 7 D.Y.
Sorry what type of food do they serve?|They serve italian food.
what is the price range ?|They are quite expensive .
Thank you for your help. Good bye.|Thank you, goodbye!
Hello.  I'm trying to find an inexpensive restaurant that serves Moroccan food.  Can you help me?|There are no restaurants that match your request. Would you like to search for another food type or price range?
How about vietnamese food?|Thanh binh is in the cheap price range and serves Vietnamese food.
could i have the phone number please?|The phone number is 01223 362456.
Thank you, goodbye.|My pleasure.  Goodbye.
I would like to get some information about a local restaurant and a hotel please. Include the best options for me.|Ok, lets start with a hotel, any preference of type, area or price range?
The hotel that I am looking for is called Gonville. I would like to book it for 8 people for 2 nights, starting on Wednesday.|Booking was successful. Reference number is : 0NVL3745. Do you need anything else?
Can you find me a modern European cuisine restaurant  in the centre area?|Wehave four options that meet your needs, are preference on price range?
I would like the moderate price range.|I have two options one is the de luca cucina and bar and the other is riverside brasserie,which would you like?
The latter please. Can you book that?|Okay, and how many people will the restaurant reservation be for?
Please reserve for 8 people.|What day would you like to go?
I want to go Wednesday please|I would be happy to book the reservation for you, but I need a time, please.
How much time?|What time would you like to arrive at the restaurant?
I want to leave the hotel by 09:15|I'm sorry for the confusion. Do you want a reservation at the riverside brasserie?  If so, what time would you like that reservation?
sorry, i'm being such a confusing pain. i don't want to reserve a table. i just need the address.|Sure their address is Doubletree by Hilton Cambridge Granta Place Mill Lane. Anything else?
Can I get the postcode with that? And their phone number, while you're at it?|Yes their phone number is 01223366611 and their postcode is cb11ly.
I also need a taxi to go between the hotel and the restaurant. I'd like to leave the Gonville hotel by 09:15|When would you like to arrive by?
I just mentioned that I would like to leave by 9:15 please.|Booking completed! Booked car type:	grey bmw  Contact number	:	07262375327. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
That is all, Thank you very much.|I hope you have a pleasant stay!
I need to find a restaurant in the west area and more on the expensive side.|There are 9 restaurants that meet that criteria. Is there a type of cuisine you would prefer?
I don't have a preference.|I have a listing for Cambridge lodge restaurant that serves British food,can I book you a table there?
That sounds good. I would like a reservation for 6 people at 19:45 on Sunday.|I'm sorry. That booking was unsuccessful. Would you like me to try another time or another restaurant?
Is there another restaurant available at that time in the same area and price range?|Yes, I can book you at Graffiti. The reference number is UYW8JK6T. May I help with anything else?
I think that is all, thank you, cheers.|Good day.
Hello, I am looking for a moderately priced restaurant on the east side of town.|do you want curry prince ?
Is there anything else ?|There are two other moderately priced restaurants on the east side, Pizza Hut Fen Ditton serving Italian food, and Rajmahal, another Indian restaurant.
What is the address, phone number, and type of food of one of them?|Rajmahal is the Indian restaurant. They are at 7 Barnwell Road Fen Ditton and their number is 01223 244955.
Thank you. Good bye.|Thank you and have a great day!
Are there any restaurants in the centre that offer Austrian cuisine?|I am sorry, I have not found any Austrian restaurants in the area. Would you like to look for a different cuisine?
No, thank you.|Will that be all for today?
No how about trying to look for Chinese food?|There are 17 options for chinese, anything i can do to narrow that down for you?
I would like one that is moderately priced.|There are three Chinese places in the centre with a moderate price range. May I suggest The Jinling Noodle Bar?
That sounds great. Can you make a reservation for Thursday for 8 guests at 16:45 please?|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is BVTK5H3X. Do you need assistance with anything else?
Great, thanks! And yes, I'm also looking for a place to stay, also located in the centre and with free wifi.|Is there a certain price range or rating you would like? Or would you like me to make a recommendation?
No particular price range.  Yes, I would appreciate a recommendation.|How about the gonville hotel? It has free wifi and parking.
That would be fine please book that for 4 nights on the same day and for the same people.|Booking was successful.Reference number is : MP576WVK.
Thank you for all your help.|Can I help you with anything else today?
No, you have been most helpful with the restaurant and lodging. Thank you. Goodbye.|You're welcome. Have a great day!
I'm looking for an expensive restaurant in the centre of town.|I can help you with that.  Are there any other requirements you are looking for?
I'd like to try some Turkish cuisine if there's a restaurant that serves it.|meze bar restaurant	is great. it is located in196 Mill Road City Centre, cb13nf. can i give you their phone numbers?
Please do, thank you.|I'm sorry, they do not have a phone number listed.  Would you like to book a table?
No. thank you. I am also looking for a place to stay. I would like a 3 star hotel in the expensive price range.|Gonville Hotel is in the Centre, has 3 stars in the expensive price range. Would you like a reservation?
Do they offer free parking?|They do have free parking yes.
And what's their phone number?|It is 01223366611
That's all the information I need on the hotel. I would like to book a taxi to commute between the restaurant and the Gonville Hotel.|What time would you like to travel?
I would like to leave the restaurant by 11:15.|Booked car type	:	black bmw
Contact number	:	07798470642
I also would like a restaurant.|I located the Meze Bar restaurant for you but have not made a reservation per your request. Would you like me to locate a different restaurant?
No, thank you. Please go ahead and make a reservation at Meze Bar.|Ok sure, When and with how many people will you be dining at Meze Bar?
I'll do that later once I find out how many people can make it. Thank you for all your help.|Have a nice day.
Hi, I am looking for a nice moderately priced hotel located in the east.|I have 3 great guesthouses in the east. I recommend Warkworth House. Would you like to book a room?
Maybe.  Does it have 4 stars?|Yes it does. Would you like to make reservations?
Does it have internet?|Warkworth does offer internet.
Okay, thanks.  I'm also looking for a place to eat that serves Australasian food.  Can you help me with that?|There are no australasian restaurants in the east.  Would you like to try a different cuisine or can I check another area for you?
How about a Chinese restaurant?|The Yu Garden is a Chinese restaurant in the East, would you like to book a table?
Can i get the address and number to Yu Garden?|Yes, the address is 529 Newmarket Road Fen Ditton and the postcode is cb58pa.
Thank you. I also need a taxi to get between the two places.|I can help you with that I just need to know what time you'd like to be picked up from the guesthouse?
I would like to leave at 5:45.|The taxi will pick you up at the guesthouse at 05:45 and will be in a white lexus. Their contact number is 07730745339. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, that is it. Thank you so much.|I'm happy to be of service, and thank you for using the Cambridge TownInfo Centre!
I am looking for a German restaurant in the west.|There are no German restaurants available in the west. Would you like to try a different area or different food type?
How about one that serves british food instead?|There are three british restaurants in the west. What price range are you considering?
I'm looking for meals under 30$ a person. I need to book for 3 at 16:15 on Wednesday.|The restaurant Saint Johns Chop House is the only restaurant to your specifications with a moderate pricing. Would you like me to make a reservation?
Yes please and I will need a reference number.|Your booking is successful and your reference number is CZT3LA0M. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No thank you. That is great.|Thanks!
Have a good day!|Enjoy your time!
I need a place to stay in the centre that has free wifi.|There are a bunch of options for you to choose from. Do you have a price range?
I would like it to have a star rating of 4 and cost does not matter, I would also like it to have free parking.|I have one guesthouse that has free internet and parking on the cheap side. It's also located in the Centre at 56 Saint Barnabas Road.
Please book a 4 night stay for 3 people on saturday.|Your booking was successful and your reference number is EGYY9BB7. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Yes, I also need a restaurant with Turkish food near the hotel in the centre area please.|There are 3 turkish restaurants in that area. How about Anatolia?
I'd like the restaurant to be in the moderate price range. Can you narrow it down?|There is Anatolia and Efes Restaurant available, which would you like to book?
I'll take Efes for 3 people on saturday at 15:00 please.|It was unsuccessful. Did you want to try the other one? Or a different time frame?
How about for 3 people on Saturday at 14:00?|The booking was successful for 14:00. Your reference number is 0B58WF1P. Is there anything esle I can do for you?
Yes, can you arrange a taxi between the hotel and the restaurant that arrives to the restaurant by 14:00?|Certainly. I have booked your taxi. Anything else I can help with today?
Please provide me the contact number and car type for the taxi. It  will be at the restaurant by 14:00?|The contact number is 07429438913 and the car type is a yellow Lexus.
Great that's all the info I need, thank you.|You're welcome!  Please let us know if you need assistance with anything else.
Thank you for your help!|Okay. Glad I could be of help. Please call us again.
I will, thank you again!|Have a great rest of your day, and I hope your visit to Cambridge is everything you dreamed it would be.
Hi is there any deals for tourists that will be a great price? so i can book them all at the same time?|I don't have information on deals, but I can book as many tables as you need.  Do you have a cuisine in mind?
Yes, the efes restaurant. I'd like to book for 6 people at 12:00 on sunday. Could I also get the reference number?|Yes great I made your reservation and your reference number is  SGSSGX8P.
Hi I am also looking for a plane, leaving Monday at 6:00.|I'm sorry, I do not have information about plane travel, could I book you a train instead?
Yes, I would like to go to the airport on Monday.|What is your destination?
Going to Stansted Airport, from Cambridge.|TR7460 leaves at 6:40 would that work for you?
That should be fine. Please provide me tickets for the same group of people. I will also need a reference number.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 60.59 GBP payable at the station .
Reference number is : 2L1LA91L
That is everything, thank you for your help.|Do you need me to look up anything else for you?
Nope. That's it. Thank you.|You're welcome! Have a great day!
I need to book a hotel.  I need it to be in the town center, and have a minimum star rating of 4.|Would you prefer a guesthouse or a hotel proper?
It should be a hotel type with free parking.|I have found University Arms Hotel on regent street with a 4 star rating and free parking and internet. Would you like to book?
Yes, please book that one. It will need to be for 3 people, and we'll be staying for 5 nights, beginning on Sunday.|I'm sorry, the booking was unsuccessful.  Would you like to try to stay for a short period or start on a different day?
Alright, what about only for 3 nights then. I can do 3, book it and give me the reference number please.|Booking was successful. Reference number is : D09887CW. Is there anything else I can do for you today?
I'd like to find a korean restaurant in the same area as that hotel.|There's a restaurant called Little Seoul.  It's expensive, but also on Regent Street. Would that work?
Yes please book it for 3 people sunday.|What time would you like the reservation?
I would like it booked for the same day at 14:15. Can I get a reference number too?|The booking was successful. Your reference number is 9NJXK7CF. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No that will be all.|Alright. If you need anything else, feel free to ask. Have a wonderful trip.
I need a place to eat that is cheap.|Does location matter?
Yes, in the South, I am also looking for Romanian food.|There are no restaurants that meet what you're looking for. Is there anything else you'd like to try?
Same area and price, but portuguese, anything for that?|Sorry I don't have anything for that either.
Can you try chinese?|Sorry I don't have anything for that either.
You choose as long as it is cheap. Could you book a table for 7 people at 15:45 on Wednesday?|You are booked at Nando's, a cheap portuguese restaurant in the south. Your reference number is ZS1PDFZA.
Are there any museums close to restaurant?|I found only the Byard Art musuem in the south. There's no entry fee. Phone number, 01223464646.
What is the address for the museum?|it is in the north address is 14 king's parade and free admittance
Great! Thanks. Have a good night. Bye.|You're welcome, let me know if I can assist with anything else.
I'm looking for some caribbean food.|I'm sorry, I wish there were some Caribbean places here, but there isn't.
Well, how about a gastropub?|Yes, there are some options.  Was there a particular price range or area of town you were looking for?
No any area is fine with me I just need the area and postcode of a good restaurant.|Kitchen and Bar is a great gastropub located in the centre of town. The passcode is cb12qa. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I need a train leaving on friday from cambridge can you help me get a ticket?|I'd be happy to help you with that, just let me know your destination.
Sorry I messed up before. I actually did want an expensive restaurant. Is Kitchen and Bar expensive?|yes would you like me to book it for you ?,
No, I just need the area and the post code please.|It is in the centre, and the postcode is cb23qf
Thanks I also need a trin from cambridge to london liverpool street on firday|what time do you need to arrive by?
I would like to arrive by 11:00. Can you choose the train with the closest arrival time to 11:00 and book it for 7 people? Then give me the reference number|the total fee is 116.2 GBP payable at the station .
Reference number is : RTTDSKXC Your train leaves at 07:59
Thanks for your time. That is all for now.|You are welcome, enjoy your stay in cambridge.
I need to find a place to visit while in town. What attractions are in Centre?|There are a lot! We have some impressive architecture, historic colleges, theatres, and more. What sort of thing appeals to you?
I'd like to see a college, please.|There are 13 colleges in the centre. Gonville and Caius college is fascinating and it is free. Does this appeal to you?
Sounds good.  Can I get the address with the postcode for that one, please?|Yes, the college is located on trinity street, postcode cb21ta.  Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Is it free?  I also am looking for a Mediterranean restaurant in the same area.|Yes the college entrance is free. I also found 3 restaurants with mediterranean cuisine in the same area. two are in the centre. can you give a price range?
I'm looking for something cheap, I'm on a budget.|The Gardenia is a cheap Mediterranean restaurant. Would you like me to make reservations there for you?
No I will take care of that. Please provide the phone number, address, and postcode for the restaurant|You got it!  The Gardenia is located at 2 Rose Crescent City Centre, cb23ll.  The phone number is 01223356354.  What else can I do for you?
I also need to book a taxi from the College to the restaurant.|I can help you with that. What time do you want to leave the college and arrive at the gardenia?
I want to leave at least by 14:45 if that is okay.|That is fine, I've got you booked with a white Tesla.
Thanks. Can I get the taxi company's contact phone number please?|Sure , their number is 07328080907. What else can I help you with today?
That's all I needed. Thank you.|No problem, enjoy the rest of your day.
I'm looking for a train leaving on Saturday from Kings Lynn.|Do you have any time preferences?
I need to leave after 13:00.|What will your destination be?
I am wanting to go to Cambridge.|The TR1499 leaves at 17:11.  Can I book some tickets for you?
Yes book for 4 people|You're reference number is BIAZMBUC. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I am looking for an expensive restaurant in the centre city.|I have several restaurants in the centre in the expensive range.  What type of cuisine would your prefer?
No preference. Can you recommend one & book a table for 4 people at 17:45 on saturday. & may I have the reference # please?|I would recommend british cuisine. Would that be okay with you?
That would be fine.  Is it available Saturday at 17:45?|The restaurant Fitzbillies is available, and I've made you a reservation. Your reference number is 4WGDGOSA.
Thank you for your help, have a nice day.|It was my pleasure to serve you. Please contact us again if you need any more assistance. Have a good day.
I am looking for a cheap restaurant in the centre part of town.|You have lots of good cheap choices in that part of town!  What type of food sounds good to you? There are Italian restaurants, Indian, Spanish, Chinese, and more.
How about Chinese? can you book me a table for 3 people at 18:15 on a Sunday?|I'm sorry, none of the Chinese restaurants are available at that time. Is there another day or time that would work for you?
Ok, I'll try for a little earlier, how about 17:15?|Booked at Charlie Chan! Your table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is YGWCXMK4.
Thanks so much. I think that was all I needed. Have a great day.|Thank you. Enjoy your meal.
I am in the past of town. Can you recommend a restaurant in a moderate priced range?|Do you have a specific food type in mind?
I do not care about the type of food.|The Bloomsbury restaurant, serves many differnt types of food.
Is it in the west part of town?|Unfortuntately, Bloomsbury Restaurant is in the centre of town. Would you like for me to search in the west side?
yes west please|the meghna is one on the west side.
Great! Could you please give me the address and phone number of that restaurant?|The phone number for meghna is 01223 727410 and they are located at 205 Victoria Road Chesterton. Can I help you with anything else today?
Thank you, goodbye|You're welcome. Goodbye.
Well hello there, I'm on a budget and I'm wondering if there are any hotels in the moderate price range that offer free parking|Yes there are. In fact we have some listed in every area. What area, in particular, would like me to check?
Let's start with hotels in the centre.  Which ones do you recommend?|Unfortunately it doesn't look like there are any hotels in the centre that meet those requirements.
OK, how about the north then?|What is your preference on star rating ?
I don't care.  As longs as it is moderately priced.|what star rating do you prefer?
I am looking in the moderate price range, stars don't matter.|Okay, how about the acorn guest house?
That will work can you book that for three nights starting on thursday.|How many people?
Sorry, I don't actually need to make a reservation. I just need to know the postcode, hotel type, and whether they have internet.|It's a guesthouse. The post code is cb41da. I can confirm that they do have internet services.
Great thanks. Im also looking for an african restaurant on the north side of town|I do not have an African place in that area. Would you like me to try another place?
I would like an Indian restaurant for Sunday then.|The Nirala is a moderate priced Indian restaurant, and Royal Spice is a cheap Indian restaurant. Do you have a preference?
the moderately priced one|How many people in your party?
There are 2 people total.|What time would you like me to make your reservation for?
at 12:00 on Sunday.|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Reference number is : AVZ1XAGV. Can I help you with anything else?
Can you please provide me with the phone number and address to the Royal Spice restaurant?|the pnone number 01223360966 is and the address 7 Milton Road Chesterton
Thank you for your research. I have no more questions. Goodbye.|Have a great time.
I'd like to find an Italian restaurant, on the west side.|prezzo and la margherita are both Italian restaurants located on the west side.
Which one is cheap?|La Margherita is in the cheap price range.  Would you like me to book that for you?
No thank you. Could I get the address and postcode please?|The address is 15 Magdalene Street, City Centre. The post code is cb30af. Can I assist you further?
i also need a place to go which should be in the type of a boat|camboats is located in the east or scudamores punting co is in the centre.
Can I get info to the one in the east please. thank you,|Camboats is located at The Plough, Green End, Fen Ditton and their phone number is 01223 902 112. Can I help you with anything else today?
I'm going to need a ride to get to and from both places.|OK, what time do you need a taxi?
I would like to leave the restaurant by 03:45 please.|I'm happy to book you a taxi I need the following information to do so time of travel, name departure site, and name of arrival site.
In summary, I am leaving La Margherita restaurant by 03:45 to go to Camboats.|I have booked you a taxi. The contact number is 07041828683, and it will be a red Toyota. Can I assist you further?
That is all thank you.|Have a nice day, goodbye.
Yes I would like to find Spanish food in the center of town.|you're in luck I have two options for you. One is in the cheaper price range, the other is listed as moderately priced. Do you have a preference?
Let's go with the cheap one. I'll need a table for 7 on Sunday at 12:15 please.|Unfortunately the booking was not successful.
Can you try on saturday, 7 people, at 12:15|Yes, you're booked for Saturday with reference number V54FG5X2. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. May I help with anything else?
No, that's all I need. Thanks for your help!|Thank you, goodbye!
Hey, is curry king still open?|It certainly is. It's located at 5 Jordans Yard Bridge Street City Centre
yes and thank you for your help|Would you like to make a booking or may I help you with anything else today?
im also looking for a train from cambidge and shound arrive by 11:45|Ok. What day will you be traveling and where are you headed to?
I will be traveling on Sunday to London Kings Cross|There is a train leaving Cambridge at 9:00 and arriving at London Kings Crossing at 9:51 on Sunday. Would you like me to make that reservation?
Yes, please make a reservation for 8 people.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 169.92 GBP payable at the station .
Reference number is : JCP77LOL.
Thanks. We never did book a table at  Curry King. I would like to book a table for 8 at 15:30 on Saturday.|I have made those reservations and your reference number is 7I8PLAM0.
that takes care of everything i need. thanks for the help. bye.|You're welcome. Have a great day!
I'm looking for a restaurant that serves afghan food in the south|I have not found any, unfortunately. Would you like to try another area of town or cuisine?
Are there any Portuguese restaurants in the south?|Nandos fits your request perfectly! It's located at Cambridge Leisure Park Clifton Way. Would you like additional information?
I would like a reservation for 6 people on Wednesday at 13:15.|The reference number for your reservation is NMHD1N0R.
Thank you! Can you also help me with a place to stay?|Yeah sore you can get one thank you
I need help finding a place to stay in the east.|I show 6 guesthouse and one hotel. Would you like more information?
I want somewhere with 3 stars and free wifi.|I'm sorry there's nothing that matches. Would you like me to try a different area?
Yes, please try a hotel in the centre|The Gonville Hotel is an expensive 3 star hotel in the Centre area, I would be happy to book you a reservation if you would like?
Yes, that'd be great. I need it booked for 5 people and for 2 nights starting from sunday.|Booking was successful.Reference number is : K15XS51B. is there and other query?
Thanks for taking care of the hotel. I have another request. This time for a restaurant in the same area as the hotel.|Alright what kind of food would you like today?
Are there any places serving modern european food?|Sorry, no results here. Want to try a different food type or area?
Are you sure there are no modern european restaurants in the centre?|There are a few. Do you have a price preference?
I do not, what price ranges are the restaurants in?|I have all prices ranges.
Can you pick one and just let me know the price range, I'm comfortable with all.|I have four options for european food. There is our moderate priced restaurants de luca cucina and bar and riverside brasserie. We have an expensive option with darrys cookhouse and wine shop. We also have the river bar steakhouse and grill. I would recommend the riverside brasserie restaurant that is also located in centre. Should I book a reservation for you?
I actually don't need anything else today. Thank you! Bye!|Okay, have a good day! Bye!
I am looking for a place to stay with free wifi.|What area would you like that in?
In the east side of town.|We have 7 options that meet your criteria. Do you have a specific price range in mind or would you like a recommendation?
Not really, but can you give me the address for your favorite place?|I prefer the Carolina Bed and Breakfast.  It's a 4 star guesthouse in the moderate price range.  Would you like for me to book a room for you?
Could you just give me the address for now?|The address is 138 perne road
I would also like to get some expensive fusion food.|There is nothing that meets that criteria, shall I run another search?
How about a British restaurant instead?|There are 6 to choose from. Do you have a preference for area? If not, then I recommend graffiti.
Is Graffiti in the same area as my hotel? I'd like to keep it to that area if possible.|Graffiti is in the west area. Would you like me to see what is available in the east area?
yes, I would prefer it to be in the west area.|Graffiti serves British food in the west area, are you ready to make a reservation?
Possibly, but first can you give me the exact address for Graffiti?|Sure they are located at Hotel Felix Whitehouse Lane Huntington Road, is there anything else I can help you with?
I'm sorry, I was confused.  I need a british restaurant in the east side.  Sounds like Graffiti won't work for me.|How about travellers rest restaurant located in the west side of town?
I need a restaurant in the east area, so that won't work.|Okay. There is one option here for you. It is grafton hotel restaurant. Do you need a reservation?
Yes please. Go ahead and book it for me. Thank you and good bye|I need more information, such as when you would like to book it and for how many people?
Does Cambridge have an establishment called the Shanghai Family Restaurant?|The Shanghai Family Restaurant is located in the centre and is moderately priced. Would that work for you?
Yes, please! I need a reservation for 2 people at 18:15 on Sunday.|I was able to book the table for you the reference number is BAHVA4JZ, they will hold the table for 15 minutes. Do you need anything else today?
Yes. I would like a hotel in the centre that has free wifi.|Is there a price range you prefer?
Yes, i am looking for a four star hotel in the expensive range.|University arms hotel would be a great fit! need a reservation?
Yes, please! Same group of people as the restaurant, same day. We'll want to stay for 4 nights.|Your hotel is booked. Your reference number is EYOTOQRV. Can I help with something else?
No, I believe we are all set. Thank you!|You're very welcome! Have a great day! Bye!
i want a place for dinner and serves a mexican food,where can i find it?please first pick for me a taxi to that place should be to the north.|Unfortunately, I was unable to find a Mexican restaurant in the north. Is there anything else I can help you with?
How about a chinese restaurant?|The hotpot sounds like a good idea. Need a reservation?
Yes, please. 6 people at 11:30 on sunday.|I'm so sorry, but I wasn't able to make that reservation for you. May I try on another day or at another time?
Yes, let's shoot for the same thing but on Wednesday instead, okay?|I was able to get you that reservation on Wednesday. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes prior to your arrival.
May I have the reference number please?|Absolutely, the reference number is W92C2Z47. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
That was all. Thanks|Did you say you also needed a taxi to the restaurant?
No, I don't need that anymore. Thanks. Have a great day!|You as well. Thanks for calling. Goodbye.
I'd like to find information for the restaurant called The Missing Sock.|The missing sock serves cheap international food and is in the east. Would you like more information?
No, that's it. Thank you.|Thank you.  Be sure to contact us whenever you need reservations.
I need the address and phone number of a restaurant that serves polish.|There's no resturant serving polish food. do you want something else ?
Ok, how about a Thai restaurant? i want address and phone number.|Bangkok city is a thai restaurant. It's address is 24 green street city centre and phone number is 01223 354382
Thank you, goodbye.|Thank you for using the Cambridge restaurant system. Goodbye.
Hi I am looking for some information on the good luck chinese food takeaway.|Yes, we can help you with that. It is located at 82 Cherry Hinton Road Cherry Hinton. The phone number is 01223244149. Is there anything else you would like to know?
Can you make a reservation for 3 people at 20:00 on Tuesday?|I am sorry Booking was unsuccessful for that time, can I help you find a place in the same area and type of food?
No thank you I will think of something else once I call a friend.|Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes actually.  I'd like the reservation for any other restaurant that is in the same area and price range as The Good Luck Chinese Food Takeaway.|Great! You're booked at Peking Restaurant with reference number V6TEUN6T. May I help with anything else?
Great! Thank you for your time. Nothing else for now, goodbye.|Thank you for using our system.
I'd really like to find a moderately priced guesthouse.|May I suggest the Carolina Bed and Breakfast? It's located in the east and has 4 stars. There is parking and internet with this as well.
I am looking for a guesthouse in the moderate price range which includes free parking.|I'd suggest acorn guest house. Would you like a reservation?
Yes, let's book a room here.|When would you like to book a room at the acorn guest house?
Any time is fine.  What area is it located?|The north park of town,would you like me to book it for you ?
Hm, I think I want to hold off on a booking. But I do need to book a place to eat. I think I'll just want north american food.|The only North American place in town is the Gourmet Burger Kitchen. Their food is wonderful. Would you like to book a table?
What part of town is it in?|It is in the centre area.
Okay great. Let's book it for tuesday at 16:45, with 3 people. And please remember to send the reference number|Your booking was a success, and the reference number is TUVWUICU. Is there anything else I can do for you?
Great.!! Nope that'll be all .Thank you have a great day|You're welcome and enjoy your stay.
I'm looking for an attraction which should be in the east a museum if possible.|There are 5 attractions what are of town would you prefer?
A museum located east side. Can I get the postcode, phone number and is there an admission fee?|There are four museums matching your criteria, 3 of them are free and one has an admission fee of five pounds. How about the Cambridge museum of Technology, their postcode is cb58ld, and the address is The Old Pumping Station, Cheddars Lane.
Great, is that the free one?  I also need someplace to eat in that same area.|There is a 5 GBP admission fee.  Cambridge Artworks is free and located at 5 greens road with a postcode cb13ef and phone 01223902168.  What type of food?
I am open to any suggestion, but I am looking for a fancy expensive restaurant. What would you suggest?|Yu Garden is a very nice Chinese restaurant on the east side of town.
Sounds good. Can you help me book at taxi from the restaurant to the Museum?|I sure can. Can you tell me what time you want your taxi to leave or arrive by?
Yes, I just need to leave Yu Garden by 5:45.|I was able to book that taxi.  It is a Yellow Skoda and the contact number is 07277729993.
Thank you, that's all I need today.|Thank you for contacting Cambridge TownInfo centre. Goodbye!
I'm looking for a restaurant in the centre, please.|There are many choices and many price ranges. What type of food and price range are you looking for?
Asian oriental, and expensive please!|I found the Kymmoy restaurant.  Would you like me to make a reservation for you?
Yes, I'd like a table for four people at 13:30 on Wednesday please.|Okay, will you be needing a reference number?
Yes, please do give me the reference number.|Okay, the booking was successful. The reference number is ZNRO4W2P.
Can you also help me find a hotel?|Sure! Are you looking for anything specific?
I want an expensive 3 star hotel that has free internet. The area doesn't matter.|The gonville and Lensfield hotel have shown up under that criteria.  do you have a preference?
The gonville please|Would you like me to book a room?
Yes, for 4 people. It'll be a total of 4 nights starting from Wednesday.|Booking was successful. Reference number is : JFBOXS4X. Anything else?
I don't need anything else.|Great! I hope you enjoy your stay in Cambridge.
I'm hoping to find a cheap restaurant in the centre.|No problem! What type of food were you interested in?
I would love to have some Indian food please.|I've found 3 restaurants in that area: Kohinoor, The Gandhi, and Mahal of Cambridge.
Would you see if any of those are available on Wednesday at 14:45 for 5 people? Thanks.|I was able to get you a table at The Gandhi. Your reference number is MYUME8FR and they'll hold the table for 15 minutes. Can I help you with anything else?
Thank you! There will be nothing else, goodbye.|Have a good day!
I need to know more about a hotel called home from home.|Home From Home is a 4 star guesthouse with internet and parking in the moderate price range. Would you like their phone number?
I'd prefer an address at this point. Thanks!|Okay. Their address is 78-80 Milton Road.
Thanks! I'm also looking for an expensive restaurant in the east.|I recommend Royal Standard, a gastropub in the east.  It's located at 290 Mill Road City Centre.  Can I make a reservation for you?
Yes, please.  I will have a party of 8 ready to dine on Sunday at 18:15.|All righty, your reservation is set for Sunday, 18:15, for 8 people. Your table will be held for 15 minutes. Your reference number is NUVBZXWY.
Perfect!  That is all I needed.|Great, will you need a taxi perhaps?  I can also give you information on attractions in the area.
Oh yes of course. I need one to arrive at the restaurant by 18:15. Please provide the car type and contact number.|Done. Look for a white volkswagon and the contact number is 07673977358. Will there be anything else today?
No, that was all I need, thanks.  Goodbye.|you are welcome. enjoy your stay.
I need a restaurant of moderate price in the west.|There are three moderately priced restaurants in the west. Would you prefer British, Indian, or Italian food?
I would like to eat British food please.|I recommend the saint johns chop house. It should suit your needs. Would you like me to make a reservation for you?
No thanks.  Can I get the address with postcode please?|The address is 21-24 northampton Street and the post code is cb30ad.
Thanks, that's all I needed today. Goodbye!|Thank you. Have a great day.
I am looking for a place to stay with free parking.|There are several that offer free parking what is your price range?
My price range is mid to high range.|There are several hotels that fits that description what area would you like?
I would like a hotel in the south with a star rating of 4.|I have one listing for aylesbray lodge guest house.
All right, if there are no hotels, the guest house will do. Could you give me the address and postcode, please?|The address is 5 Mowbray Road and the postcode is cb17sr. Would you like me to book you a room?
Not right now. Can you help me find a modern European restaurant that is cheap?|I have one place in the Centre of town. Would you like me to book you in?
Sure. Book it for 7 people at 11:15 on thursday.|I have you booked at the river bar steakhouse and grill.   The reference number is BASBIQ2I, the table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Any other questions?
No, that'll be all, thanks. You were a great help.|Enjoy your stay in cambridge. Thank you.
I am looking for a train to Cambridge on Friday that departs after 14:30.|I'm sorry, but can you please restate your requirements for the train?
Yes, I need a train from cambridge to kings lynn on friday. I'll be traveling after 14:30.|TR3057 will be departing cambridge at 15:11 on Friday, arriving kings lynn by 15:58. Would you like to reserve a seat for this train?
Yes please I would like to book it for 6 people please.|That is 6 tickets at 9.80 pounds each for a total of 58.8 GBP. Your reference number is Q1ULPR62. Can I help you with anything else today
Yes, I am also looking for information on a restaurant called Tang Chinese.|Yes that is a expensive chinese place located in the centre. Did you need the address or phone number?
Can you book me a table for 6 on Friday at 11:45?|Your table for six on Friday is reserved, and your confirmation number is FZ5B6DZ5.
Thank you so much for all of your help. That is all I needed for today.|Glad to be of service. Thank you for using Cambridge TownInfo centre today!
I would like a restaurant in any area that serves scandinavian food|There are no restaurants available that serve scandinavian food. Are there any other restaurants you would like to try?
How about french?|Restaurant Two Two serves French food. Would you like the location information?
If you could give me the phone number, that would be great.|The phone number for restaurant two two is 01223 351880. Can I help you with anything else?
No, thank you, that does it.  Thank you and goodbye!|Goodbye.
Hello, are there any moderate catalan restaurants in town?|I am sorry my database is showing none in the area
How about Italian food, than?|I have found several. Do you have any preference towards price?
I would like something in the moderate price range.|Prezzo in the west offers moderately priced Italian food. Would you like me to book it for you?
That sounds good.  Can you book the table for 7 people on Tuesday at 16:15?  I also need a train departing from Cambridge that leaves after 11:30.|Your reservation with Prezzo was successful and your reference number is ILWV6LDN. They'll hold your table for 15 minutes. What is your destination for the train?
I'll be going to peterborough on wednesday.|The first train to leave after 11:30 on Tuesday is the TR4344, which departs at 11:34 and arrives at 12:24. Would that one do?
Sounds perfect.  I need seven tickets please.|OK, I have your tickets booked, the total fee is 115.5 GBP payable at the station. Your reference number is: KYI5FPOG. Can I get you anything else?
No, that will be all. Thank you.|Let us know if we can help you further. Good day.
I need a place to stay in the east. Oh i need free parking, thank you.|Okay. What price range are you looking for? I have many options.
Well I would like a guesthouse and I don't have to have internet.|I have 5 options for you, I can narrow it down by price, would you prefer a cheap room or a moderately priced room?
It really doesn't matter. Can you recommend one?|I would recommend The Autumn House. It's a cheap guesthouse in the east that is 4 rated. They offer free parking and wifi. Can I make you a reservation?
Yes please, I need 5 people to stay for 3 nights starting on Thursday|You are booked, the reference number is U9EUBHWC, can I help with anything else?
I am also looking for a place called Nandos, it is a restaurant.|I'd be happy to help with that!  Nandos is a Portuguese Restaurant.  They have two locations, one in the south and one in the centre.  Would you like to book one of them?
I have no preference, I just need it booked for 5 people at 13:00  on Thursday.|I am sorry I am having trouble booking this.
Okay why don't you try for saturday instead then?|Unfortunately, I am unable to book either location.  Would you like to try another Portuguese restaurant?
Can you try again?  I would really like to try this restaurant.  I have heard really good things about the food.|Thanks for your patience, there was a system issue that was just fixed, booking is set, the reference number is QDZ7FBSO, any other questions?
That was everything. Thank You|Thank you and enjoy your stay in Cambridge!
Thank you. Thanks again for your help.|Thank you and  enjoy your time with us!
Would you happen to have any expensive Creative restaurants?|I'm sorry, I haven't found anything. Are there other cuisines you're interested in?
I would like Chinese food.|There are several options for Chinese.  What area of town will you be in?
Any part of town is good. I need a booking for two people on Saturday at 16:45.|I've booked you a table at Yu Garden on Saturday at 16:45. Would you like the reference number?
Yes please can you send that.|The reference number is W6V1M6MM. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I would like a train to stansted airport by 11:00|I can help you find a train to Stansted airport by 11:00. Where will you be departing from and will that be on Saturday?
Sunday, and I will be departing Cambridge.|Great the TR8208 can get you there by 10:08
That's great. Can you book that train for 2 people, please?|Booking was successful, the total fee is 16.16 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : QMYCRLDH.
Great, that's all I need, thanks so much for your help! Have a great day!|I am glad I can help. Enjoy your stay
I am looking for a restaurant in the south part of town and serving portuguese food. What is the address and phone number?|Nandos is a portuguese restaurant in the south part of town. Their address is Cambridge Leisure Park Clifton Way and their phone number is 01223 327908
Ok.  Thanks.|Is there anything else we can help you with?
That is all, thank you, goodbye.|Goodbye.
Hello, I'd like some information on a train today.|Sure thing! What is your point of departure and where would you be heading to?
I would like to depart on Saturday from Stevenage and arrive in Cambridge by 15:30.|What time are you looking to leave?
11 pm would be a time I need to leave|Okay, we have one leaving at 13:54 on Saturday, TR6607. Do you need any more information? Shall I book this for you?
Yes, please! I'd like 4 tickets on that train.|Reference number is : JUMNQW3V. Is there anything else?
I'm also looking for the address of a restaurant, taj tandoori.|It's located at 64 Cherry Hinton Road, cb17aa. Would you like a reservation?
What area of town is that in?|it is located in the south.
That would be all for today.|Have a nice day and thank you for calling.
I need a hotel to stay at that is 3 stars. I would preferably like one that has free wifi at it, and possibly close to the local restaurants.|Try gonville hotel located at gonville place.
Ok, sounds good.  What is the price?|Gonville hotel is in the expensive price range.
Oh, that won't work. I need it to be cheap.|There aren't any cheap 3 star hotels that have free wifi. Do you have alternative preferences?
How about one in the expensive price range?|There are 2,one in centre,and one in the south,which would you like more?
The one in the south. Can you book it for me?|I can book the lensfield hotel, how many people will be staying?
I need it booked for 2 people for 5 nights starting Thursday.|Okay I have you booked at the Lensfield Hotel starting Thursday for 5 nights for 2 people.  Anything else I can do for you?
Can I get the reference number on that? Also I would like to book a restaurant as well in the same price range|Of course, the reference number is 41A4LS9O.  We have 57 restaurants in the expensive price range.  What type of food are you interested in eating?
I would like fusion food and please make sure the restaurant is located in centre.|I apologize, I do not have any fusion options available in the town centre.  Would you like to try another type of food?
Could you try european? I'd like a booking for the same group of people at 17:45 on the same day.|I am unable to get a reservation for 2 at 17:45. Should I try a different time?
Yes I suppose, how about 16:45 instead?|You have a reservation for 2 at Eraina on Thursday at 16:45. Your reference number is 80V5LKSU.
Sounds great!  I'd like to book a taxi to commute between the two.|Alright, when would you like to leave and arrive by?
I want it to arrive at the restaurant at the booked time.|ok i have a yellow ford able to pick you up! Is there anything else I can do for you?
can I please have the contact number for the taxi?|Of course, my apologies for the oversight. Their contact number is 07149496005.
Great.  Looks like I have all the information I need.  Thanks so much.  Bye.|Good night, enjoy your stay at cambridge.
I am looking for a restaurant called lan hong house. Can you get me more information about it please?|Sure lan hong house has some of the best moderately priced chinese food and is in centre area. Would you like a reservation?
Yes please, on thursday at 20:00 for 8 People. Could I get a reference number as well?|I was able to reserve the table for you. Your reference number is P1YUC7J9.
Thanks, I'm also looking for places to go in the west.  What can you tell me?|There are 13 attractions in the west end of the city. Some colleges, some museums, and an entertainment venue. Which would you like to learn more about?
Let's go with an entertainment attraction.|The only entertainment attraction I have in the west is Whale of a Time. They are located at Unit 8, Viking Way, Bar Hill. The postcode is cb238el.
Could I get the phone number for that attraction?|Sure!  The phone number is 01954781018.
I also need a taxi between Whale of a Time and Lan Hong House that arrives by are reservation time at the restaurant|I've booked you a grey Lexus.
Can I please get the contact number for the taxi company?|The contact number is 07133327407. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No thank you That is all.|You're welcome. Have a great day
I need a restaurant in the east.|I have several restaurants that would work. Do you have a price range?
not really. just book it for 6 people at 15:00 on monday. Get me a ref number please.|thanks. the reference number is 0KSZQNWL
I also need a place to stay and would like to fins a guesthouse with a star rating of 4.|Which area would you like to stay in?
On the East side please, in the same area as the restaurant|great, i have 6 options for you! do you need parking or wifi?
I'm impartial to both, but would like to know if they have or don't have internet available.|They both have internet.
Ill take the one in the East,can you book it for me?|Might I suggest the Autumn House. It is cheap and in the east. 4 star rated and they offer free parking and wifi. What day for your reservation?
Sounds great! May I please have the postcode?|Sure! It's cb58rs. Is there anything else I can do for you?
That's all I need today thanks for all the help.|You are very welcome. Please reach out to us again, if we can be of further service. Good-bye.
Hello, can you help me find a four star place to stay in the west?|the cambridge belfry is located in the West and has 4 star rating.
Does this include free parking?|Yes, it does.
Please book it for 6 people for 4 nights starting on friday.|The Cambridge Belfry hotel was unable to accommodate 4 days for 6 people.  Would you like to choose another day or shorten your stay?
Yes, could you try just for one night starting on Friday? Please let me know the reference number as well.|It was successful your reference number is 0LH6U2Y7.
I need an expensive restaurant. Something that is impressive in the same area of the hotel. Can you find one for me?|Are you looking for a certain type of food?
No, I don't have a preference. But I want something in the west and is expensive. Can you suggest one?|I have 9 different restaurants. They offer british, european, indian food and thai. Which would you like?
I don't have a preference but I need the reservation at 15:15 for 6 people on friday.  Can you find one to meet those requirements?|Thank you, I was able to book you for Sala Thong Thai food. The table will be held for 15 minutes. The reference number is W1YD01TD.
That is great. Thank you.|You are welcome. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No, thank you! Goodbye.|Thank you for using the help desk.
I want a french restaurant on the west side please.|I was unable to find any french places on the west part of town.
Is there any thai restaurants on the west side?|Yes, there is sala thong, which is an expensive restaurant.
That sounds good. Can you give me the phone number and address, please?|Their phone number is 01223323178 and addres is	35 Newnham Road Newnham.
Could you also help me find Byard art?|The address is 14 King's Parade in the South area.
Is it a museum?|Yes, it is a museum and the entrance fee is free.
Thanks that's all I need|Awesome. We're here if you need any more help. Thank you for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Have a great day.
Need a moderately priced hotel with 4 stars.|I'm sorry, there are no moderately priced 4 star hotels in town. Would you like to try a different rating or price?
Could you find me something that includes free parking and wifi?|The Ashley Hotel is located in the north and has a 2 star rating in the moderate price range Would you like me to make a reservation for you
Great can I book a room for 7 people for 2 nights starting thursday?|I booked you rooms for 7 people staying 2 nights at Ashley Hotel. Your reference number is ZWCF98NW. Can I help you with anything else today?
i am also looking for a restaurant in centre of town serving british food|There are several is there a certain price range you are looking for?
Not really, but can you tell me the phone number and price range for your favorite one?|My favorite is fitzbillies restaurant. It's in the expensive price range and you can reach them at 01223352500.
I need a taxi to get between the two places.|I can book you at taxi from ashely hotel to fitzbillies restaurant.  I would just need to know what time you'd like to leave and what time to arrive.
I need it by 21:45 from the restaurant to the hotel. I also want to know the car type and the contact number.|Ok great, I have you booked in a grey tesla and the contact number is 07579479936. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, that is all thank you so much. Bye.|Have a great day!
I am looking for an expensive gastropub restaurant in Cambridge|I see there are two in centre and one in East area. Do you have a preference?
Yes I need the one in the east.|Great! That's the Royal Standard at 290 Mill Road City Centre cb13nl. Would you like to book a table?
Yes. We need a table for 2 at 14:45 on Saturday.|Sorry booking was unsuccessful. Would you like to try a different time?
How about at 13:45?|Your table is booked! It will be reserved for 15 minutes and your reference number is 9M44WAHK.
Thank you so much. Can you help me find a place to stay? I would like a 3 star place that's in the expensive price range.|I recommend the Lensfield hotel on the south side. Shall I book a room?
I would like it to have free parking, please.|The Lensfield has free parking and free internet. Did you need a room there, or perhaps their address?
I would like to book a room, please.|Ok, I can book a room for you at the Lensfield Hotel, I just need some information.  For starters, what day would you like to check in?
Actually, I think I'll hold off on the reservation, but can you provide their phone number, please?|The Lensfield Hotel's phone number is 01223355017.
Thank you. Do you know what type of hotel Lensfield is?|It is a hotel, expensive. What else would you like to know?
Does this hotel offer free wifi?|Yes it does.
I need to book a taxi to go between both places,needs to arrive after we finish at restaurant and I need car type and number|Ok, I've booked a white Tesla for you, their contact number is 07752313537. Can I help you with anything else?
Actually, I know I said *after* we finish at the restaurant, but it turns out I need the taxi arrives at the restaurant at the reservation time - 14:45 on Saturday|Ok I changed that for you. You will have a white audi contact number 07235895362
Great, thanks so much. Sorry for the confusion.|It's no problem. Is there something else I could assist you with today?
That is everything, thanks for your help.|You're welcome. Enjoy your meal!
I am looking for places to go in the south part of town.|I have a cinema, nightclub or museum..just to name a few. Any preferences?
Actually,  I would prefer the cinema.|Cineworld cinema is in the south of town, their phone number is 00872208000, and they're located at cambridge leisure park, clifton way
Thank you, can you also find a restaurant called Ian Hong house.|Yes Lan Hong House is located at 12 Norfolk Street City Centre, they are moderately priced and their telephone is 01223350420. Is there anything else you need to know?
Can you reserve a table there for 2 people on Wednesday at 14:45?|You're all booked! The reference number is MBKF33I9. Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
That is all I need. Thank you.|It was my pleasure to assist you. Please contact us again soon. Have a great day.
I need an expensive restaurant that serves Persian food in the town center.|We do not have any restaurants that match your request. Would you like to broaden your searcH?
Are there any Persian restaurants in the area? The west side would be best.|No I am sorry another perhaps?
Ok, how about some Indian restaurant in the west then?|The India House fills those requirements. Would you like any information about them or assistance booking a reservation?
May I please have their address, post code, and phone number? Thank you.|Sure, the India House is located at 31 Newnham Road Newnham, cb39ey. Their phone number is 01223461661. Is there anything else I can do for you today?
Yes I'm also looking for a train that should go to Ely and apart from Cambridge|Do you have a day and time you would like to depart or arrive by?
I would like to leave after 19:45 on Thursday.|The first train to leave after 19:45 leaves at 19:50.  Would you like me to book that for you?
First, what's the train ID?|That trainID is TR7979.
Okay Thank you. That is all I need.|Awesome. Glad we could help!
I want to take a train to Cambridge on Friday, what's available?|I found 202 trains. What is your departure station?
I would like the departure station to be broxbourne.|I have a train leaving that station at 09:32 and arriving at 10:32, if that's acceptable?
No, I need something that gets there by 9:45.|I have train TR3005 that arrives at 09:32,would that be good for you?
Yes, I need the reference number.   I am also looking for a place to eat in the south area, preferable italian.|There are two restaurants that are Italian, Pizza Hut Cherry Hinton, and Franky and Bennys.  The reference number for your train is  0EG8EWWR.
Pick one of those. I need it for the same amount of people at 17:15 on the same day.|I'm sorry, both of those restaurants are fully booked for the time requested. May I check another restaurant for you?
Okay. Can you find another Italian restaurant?|There are many italian restaurants not in the south of town, do you have another area preference?
Not really. Please make a recommendation.|There is a Pizza Express that is in the Centre area. It is in the moderate category. Would you like me to try to book that?
Yes. It will just me at 17:15 on Friday.|I was able to book it, the reference number is PPXQDNOM.
Terrific.  I appreciate your help.  Good bye!|You're welcome! Please let us know if we can assist you in the future. Have a great day!
what is a good tourist spot?|We have a wide variety of restaurant choices! The options range from Asian Oriental, European, and French. I can give you information on any of those choices if you want.
Actually, I was looking for italian food in the moderate price range.|There are 5 such restaurants. What area of town would you like?
It really doesn't matter.|There are 5 restaurants that fit your criteria, 4 of those appear to be pizza places. Does that sound okay with you?
Go ahead and choose the one you recommend and book me a table for 2 on Sunday at 14:15. Thanks.|I'm very sorry that time is not available at any of the 5 restaurants, would you like to try a little earlier or later possibly?
Is 13:15 available?|Booking was successful for the Pizza Hut Cherry Hinton, located at G4 Cambridge Leisure Park Clifton Way Cherry Hinton. Your reference number is ZYOHEW6U.
I am looking for a train that departs kings lynn on sunday.|I have several trains available. Is there a particular time you would like to leave or arrive?
I'm looking to get to Cambridge on Sunday by 10:45|There is one that arrives by 9:58 TR1526 if that works for you.
Yes. Could you make a booking for 2 people? I need a reference number as well.|The booking was successful. Your reference number is E9GWV6VS. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Great that's all I needed, thanks.|Lovely. Enjoy your trip!
I'm looking for a moderately priced restaurant.|What type of food are you looking for?
chinese food|I'm showing 4 restaurants matching that description, 3 in the city centre and 1 in the north. Do you have a preference for area?
Could you give me the address and phone number of the one in the north?|golden wok is in the north area, its phone number is 01223 350688. Their address is 191 Histon Road Chesterton
Thank you, goodbye.|enjoy!
Hi, I am planning a trip and am looking for a particular attraction.|What type of attraction are you looking for?
It's called the ADC theatre. Can you tell me what area it's in?|Yes, I can. It is located in the centre area. Is there anything else I can answer for you?
I also need a restaurant.|I'll be glad to help you find one. What kind of restaurant do you have in mind and on what side of town?
In the east please.|We have 9 restaurants in the east.  What kind of food would you like?
Expensive Polunesian.|I'm sorry, I'm not showing any expensive polynesian restaurants in the east area of town. What about another type of cuisine or perhaps another area of town?
Can you try indian food please?|sitar tandoori	is my all time favorite. can i book?
Yes please book for 1 person at 14:00 on monday.|I have booked you a reservation at the Sitar Tandoori for Monday at 14:00 for 1 person. The reference number is 5I0ZWPOT. Is that all today?
Thank you. That is all that I need.|Thank you for letting us assist you today! Enjoy your visit!
I'm looking for a train that leaves on Wednesday from Stevenage. Can you help me locate one?|There is a train that leaves stevenage at 05:54 a.m on Wednesday and arrives in cambridge at 06:43 a.m.
That would work for me.|Would you like me to book that for you?
Yes, can you please and send me a reference number? Thank you|Okay, your ticket has been booked! Would you like the reference number?
Yes I would please. Thanks.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 12.8 GBP payable at the station .
Reference number is : RD07CL03.
Could you give me the train ID, too?|The Train ID is TR9448. Is there anything else i can help you with today?
I am looking for a restaurant in the centre that serves modern eclectic food.|Unfortunately, there are no restaurants matching your query. Shall we try a different food type perhaps?
What about a Chinese Restaurant?|There are 10 in the area. Which price range would you like to narrow the results down to?
I'm not really concerned with price.  Which would you suggest?|I would recommend the rice house, would you like reservations?
I just need the address, price range, and the postcode.|Rice house is cheap. The postcode is cb12bd and address is 88 Mill Road City Centre. Anything more today?
Um are there any chinese places to eat in that area? I want to keep my options open.|The only one in the area is called Rice House.
Cool, I will go with that, no need ot book a reservation, Ill do it later, that is everything.|Great! Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Can I get the address to the Rice House?|Sure. The address is 88 Mill Road City Centre. Is that all for you today?
What is the price range on that? And also the post code?|Rice house is cheap. The post code is cb12bd.
Thanks, I'm all set now. Have a good day!|You're welcome.  Have a great day!
I need a place to stay that has 4 stars.|We've got 33 four star hotels in the area.  Is there any particular part of town you'd like to limit it to?
Yes, the centre of town please. Also, no internet is needed, but i would prefer free parking.|Alexander Bed and Breakfast guesthouse (cheap) and University Arms Hotel(expensive) are both available in that area and are 4 stars with parking.
no worries, i can give you three options to choose from|I'm sorry, you must have misunderstood. Would you like me to book Alexander or University Arms for your stay?
Can i get the phone number and address for University Arms please?|Sure, the phone number is 01223351241 and the address is regent street. Would you like to book a room?
No I just need the price range, address and phone please.|It is in the expensive price range, and the address is regent street postcode cb21ad.  You can call them at 0122335124.  Could I help you with anything else?
Thanks, I also need to find a restaurant with modern eclectic food in Centre.|I'm sorry, there aren't any restaurants like that. Would you like to try searching for something else?
How about lebanese food?|Ali Baba is a Lebanese restaurant in the centre. It's moderately priced. Will that work for you?
Yes that sounds great. Please book me a table for 5 at 20:00 on Monday.|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Reference number is : 66Y5KK37.
Thank you, that is all I need. Have a good day.|You're welcome. Enjoy your day.
I am looking for a cheap restaurant in the south part of town.|How about nandos, a portuguese place ?
Is there anything else available?|The Lucky Star is also a cheap restaurant in the south part of town.  It serves Chinese food.
OK. Can you give me the address of the Lucky Star?|The Lucky Star is located at Cambridge Leisure Park Clifton Way Cherry Hinton. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No that would be all. Thank you and good bye.|Thank you for using the Cambridge restaurant system. Goodbye.
I am starving!|What would you like to eat?
Indian food in the centre, please.|There are a few of those.  What price point are you looking for?
I don't have a price range in mind. Can you recommend just one restaurant matching my criteria?|How about Kohinoor? It's a cheap Indian restaurant in the center. Would you like a reservation?
That sounds great. Can you just give me the postcode?|The postcode for Kohinoor is cb12as. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
One more thing, what's the price range?|Kohinoor is a cheap restaurant.
Wonderful. That's all I need!|Great. Have a wonderful evening!
Hi there! I'm looking for something fun to do in the center of town. What kind of attractions are there?|Yes I have many architectural attractions would you be interested in those?
Yes! I'd like a phone number and address of one of those.|Sure, all saints church phone is 01223452587. And address is Jesus Lane. Anything else?
Yes I am looking for a restaurant called caffe uno.|I found a restaurant named Caffe Uno at 32 Bridge Street City Centre, their number is 01223448620. Would you like me to make you a reservation?
Yes please. I'll need a table for 4 at 19:15 on Wednesday.|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Your reference number is BCM0D5Y2. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, I also need a taxi to take me to the restaurant, so I will need to be there by 19:15.|Alright I have you booked for a cab from All Saints to Caffe Uno, arriving by 19:15.
Can I get the contact number and car type for the cab.|It's going to be a blue toyota and the contact number is 07525945489. Is there anything else I can help with?
Thank you for all of your help. I don't need anything else today.|We are happy to help. Thank you for using our service.
I am looking for a restaurant in the moderate price range that is also in the south part of town.|You have your choice of Italian or Modern European, do either of those sound good?
Italian sounds good. May I please have the phone number of a restaurant that you recommend?|Pizza Hut Cherry Hinton sounds perfect for you. They're located at G4 Cambridge Leisure Park Clifton Way. Is there anything else I can for you?
Could you also help me find a place to stay?|How's you budge? could you like a cheap, expensive or moderate place?
Price isn't important. I need free parking and wifi. It also should be a 3 star hotel. Can you find one in the same area as Pizza Hut?|The only 3-star accommodations in the center is the Gonville Hotel. It's expensive, but a great place to stay. Would you like to book a room?
Yes I would like to book a room.|How many nights will you be needing?
Actually the wife just told me she already booked.   I just need info on a taxi from the restaurant to the hotel.  Need to leave by 02:15|Booking completed!
Booked car type	:	grey toyota
Contact number	:	07404040949
Thank you for all your help.|your welcome and enjoy your stay in cambridge!
I'm in the east part of town, and I'd like to find a nearby Scandinavian restaurant.|There are no venues selling Scandinavian food in the East part of town.
How about Indian food. Give me their address and phone number.|There are four restaurants in the east part of town serving Indian food. What price range would you like?
it doesn't matter|Curry Prince is a moderately priced restaurant in the east of town that serves Indian food.
Can I have the phone number please?|Curry Prince's phone number is 01223 566388. Can I help you with anything else?
I need their address.|Of course, it is located at 451 Newmarket Road Fen Ditton, C.B 5, 8 J.J
Thank you. Goodbye.|You're very welcome. Thank you and have a good day. Goodbye.
I was hoping to dine at a korean restaurant while in Cambridge.|We have a Korean restaurant at 108 Regent St. City center, would you like me to make a reservation?
What is the price range of that restaurant?|The price range of Little Seoul, the Korean restaurant, is expensive.
Is that in the centre area? If so I'd like a reservation for 7 on Friday please.|Yes Little Seoul is in the centre area, what time would you like for your reservation?
Yes can you please and send me the reference number.|Sure. What time would you like your reservation?
Can you reserve a table for Friday for 7 people at 15:45?|I sure can.  I have your table booked.
what is the reference number?|Your reference number is A5LITXVZ and they will hold the table for you for 15 minutes. Will you be needing other assistance?
I'm also looking for a train. The train should leave after 13:30 and should leave on Monday.|Where are you departing from and headed to?
I am departing from Cambridge and need to get to Norwich.|The closest train to your departure time is at 13:36 for train number TR3325. Do you want that booking?
When i I get to Cambridge I need to know where to find a restaurant called frankie and bennys.|Frankie and Bennys is located at Cambridge Leisure Park Clifton Way Cherry Hinton. Their postcode is cb17dy and their phone number is 01223412430.
Ok I need to book a reservation for 3 people at 18:00 on Tuesday, I will need a reference number as well.|Okay you're all ready to go for Tuesday at 18:00. Your reference number is V6R6J5J2. Can I help you with anything else?
I need to book a train that leaves from Leicester on Tuesday also.|I have 6 trains leaving after your reservation starting on the :09 of the hour from 19:09 to 23:09. Would you like me to book one of these?
I need a train bound to Cambrige that arrives by 13:45.|The latest train we have leaving from Cambridge to Leicester leaves at 11:09 on Tuesday and arrives in Cambridge by 12:54. Departure times begin at 5:09 and occur every hour.
The 11:09 train would be fine. I need 3 tickets and a reference number, please.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 113.4 GBP payable at the station. Reference number is : E1IVJM0G.
Great thank you for your help you have been great to deal with.|Thank you so much. greatly appreciated.'
Thank you for your help.|Have a great day.
I'm looking for an attraction called Gonville and Caius College. Will you help me?|Yes, that is a college located in the centre part of town and is located on Trinity Street. Their phone number is 01223332400.
Thank you for that.  Can you give me the postcode and entrance fee?|Certainly. The entrance is free and the postcode is cb21ta. Is there anything else I can assist with?
Yes, can you help me find an expensive restaurant that serves british food?|Is there a specific area you would like to be in?
i'd like it to be in the west.|I have the graffiti or the travelers rest. Would you like to book one today?
I would like to try Graffiti. Can I get the address, postcode, and phone number?|it is located in Hotel Felix Whitehouse Lane Huntingdon Road, cb30lx. their phone number is 01223277977
Thank you very much, that should be it.|Thank you for contacting us. Have a nice day.
Thank you, you too!|Thank you! Bye!
Can you find me a place to eat?  I want something cheap and Spanish.|I got a restaurant called La Raza, and phone is 01223454550
Is this in the centre? I'd like something in the centre, if possible.|This is located in the centre. Did you want to book it?
Yes. Book it for 6 people at 18:15 on monday. Can I also get the reference number too?|I was able to book your reservation to La Raza for your specified date/time. Your reference number is SG2DPAUE. Is there anything else?
Yes, I am also looking for a place to stay. I would like a 4 star hotel in the west part of town, please.|I have 3 hotels that are 4 star rated in the west. I have two that are cheaper and one that is expensive. Which would you prefer?
I am looking for a moderate price range and I will need free wifi as well.|Now I am showing 0 results. Would you like to try a different price range?
Ok, how about a cheap one instead?|How about The Cambridge Belfrey?
Yes! Please book me for a 4 night stay, starting Monday, for 6 people. Please send reference number as well.|Yes I was able to get you in at the Belfry and your reservation number is 0EO0KDJR. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I also need a taxi from the hotel to the restaurant by 18:15, please.|I found a black honda with phone number 07205421072 making that trip.
Sounds great. Please make a booking.|Your booking has been successful! Is there anything else I can help you with?
Not today - thank you so much for all your help! I'm excited to see Cambridge.|it is my pleasure.
I'm travelling to cambridge and I need a train leaving after 16:15.|Can you please give me your departure location?
I am leaving from Peterborough.|What day would you like to travel?
I would like to leave on Tuesday.|The TR0017 train leaves Peterborough at 16:48. Would you like me to book you a seat on it?
Is there one a little earlier? I'd actually like to leave closer to 13:15.|Is there a time you would like to arrive by?
No just to leave after 13:15.|then train ID TR4679 suits you. it leaves at 13:19
I'd like to book for 3 people.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 49.5 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : Y3MAVYRQ.
Thank you so much, now can you please recommend a restaurant in the north with a moderate price range?  Any type of food will do.|There are two restaurants. They serve either chinese or indian type food. What do you like?
Oooh. I like both of those. Which would you recommend?|I think you will have a great time picking a dish at the nirala which serves indian.
Okay, thanks! Can you please give me the postcode and address?|The Nirala is located at 7 Milton Road Chesterton, cb41uy. How else can I help you today?
That's all the help I need for today, thank you.|Have a nice day.
Hello, I'd like some information on a train departing from kings lynn.|I'm going to need a bit more information.  What day would you be traveling?  Would you be traveling to Cambridge?
I'll be traveling on Monday, and yes, I'm going to Cambridge.|I have 19 trains traveling on Monday, do you have a time you would like?
arrive by 09:30 and should go to cambridge and I need nthe price|There is one that leaves at 05:11 that costs 9.80 pounds. Would you like me to book that for you?
Not right now, but can you find me a gastropub restaurant in the centre of town?|There's three different gastropub restaurants in the centre of town, 2 expensive and 1 moderately priced one. Do you have any preferences?
I would like an expensive price range.|Okay. May I recommend the The Slug and Lettuce which is expensive and good?
Sounds good.  Can you reserve a table for 6 at 15:00 on the same day I'm traveling?|Done! Your reference number is W8BBWE42. Your table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Can I help you with anything else?
No thanks. I think that's all I needed. Goodbye.|No thank you that will be all
I need an information on a train leaving Cambridge on Wednesday, please.|I would be happy to help find a train for you. Can you tell me what your destination is?
I should arrive at birmingham new street after 18:15|There is a train from cambridge to birmingham new street on wednesday, leaving at  23:01 and arriving at 01:44.
What is the train ID?|That train ID is TR7013.
Thank you! What is an expensive restaurant that serves British food close by?|I have several. Would you prefer it be in the West or the Centre?
The centre, please.|The cambridge chop house is available, would you like to try that?
I think I would.  Can you give me their phone number, postcode, and address, please?|Phone number is 01223359506  Postcode is cb21sj Address is 1 Kings Parade
Thank you for your help.|The pleasure is all mine!
I'd like something moderately priced please.|Do you care what type of food?
No, the type of food doesn't matter.|Yippee noodle bar serves asian oriental food in the moderate price range.
What is the phone number?|The phone number for Yippee Noodle Bar is 01223 518111.
Thank you for giving me the information . Good bye.|Goodbye.
I want to find an expensive restaurant in the south part of town. What is the address and phone number?|I show several expensive restaurants on the south side of town. What kind of food would you like?
Any kind.  I don't care. also give me the phone number and address .|Frankie and bennys is located in the south part of town and in the expensive price range. Their address is Cambridge Leisure Park Clifton Way Cherry Hinton and their phone number is 01223 412430.
Thank you, goodbye.|goodbye.
I am looking for a train going to Cambridge leaving on Wednesday.|TR5725	From London kings cross to Cambridge	Wednesday leaving at 05:17. Does that work for you?
It really needs to depart from Norwich so I can arrive by 13:15|Certainly, you can leave Norwich Wednesday at 10:16 and arrive by 11:35, or leave at 11:16 and arrive by 12:35. Which would you like?
I'll take 5 tickets on the 11:16, please. Any may I have the reference number?|I was able to book that. The reference number is BY848B54. 88 GBP is payable at the station.
Thanks! I'm also looking for a place to dine in the center that's cheap.|There are fifteen cheap locations in the centre of town, do you know what kind of food you're looking for?
Nah, I'm not picky. Surprise me. I will need a phone number, address, and postcode, though.|Alright, lets give Zizzi Cambridge a shot, their phone number is 01223365599, their postcode is cb21ab, and their address is 47-53 Regent Street.
Great thank you I think I have all I need|You are welcome. Goodbye.
I am craving Turkish food in the centre. Is there a restaurant available?|I have pulled up 3. How about anatolia, they are moderately priced.
Sounds great. Can I get their location and phone number?|Sure thing! It is located at 30 Bridge Street City Centre and the phone number is 01223362372
Can you make a reservation for 6 people at 12:15 on wednesday?|I am so sorry nothing available for any of the turkish restaurants for that day & time slot. Something else perhaps?
Can you try booking it for 11:15?|I was able to fulfill your request.  You are booked at Anatolia on Wednesday at 11:15.  The reservation is for 6 people.  How else may I help you?
Can I have the reference number please?|The reference number is  G7THDK3O.  Is there anything else I can help you with.
Yes, please. I need a train to Leicester on Thursday, please. I need to get there by 16:15.|If you are leaving from cambridge I can book you on TR1755 leaving at 09:21 and arriving at 11:06.  Will this work for you?
That works for me. Go ahead and book it.|Done - your reference number is GJ3062PE. The total fee is 37.79 GPB which you can pay at the station.
Thank you. You've been very helpful.|Will there be anything else you need?
Can I get the travel time in minutes please?|Yes, it's 105 minutes total. Would you like anything else?
I think that is all for now! Thanks again.  Have a great day!|You're welcome. You have a great day as well!
I need a really inexpensive restaurant on the east side.|What type of food are you looking for?
I don't care.|There's a restaurant that serves international food called The Missing Sock. Does that sound good?
What is the address?|Their address is Finders Corner Newmarket Road.
how about their postcode?|Their postcode is C.B. 1 7 D.Y
Thank you, goodbye.|Thank you. Good bye
I'm looking for a restaurant called The Nirala. Can you tell me where it is?|It's located at 7 Milton Road Chesterton. Would you like me to book a table?
Could you please book a table for 2 at 14:45 on Wednesday|You're all set! Your reference number is QMY8NA1T. Do you need anything else?
I need a train from Cambridge as well.|Sure! What is your destination?
I am going to london kings cross on saturday|I have a train that leaves at 5:00 on Saturday. Would you like me to book it for you?
The train needs to arrive by 16:45|Okay there are 6 trains that match. Shall I complete a booking?
Yes as close to 16:45 as possible, book for 2 people please|Would you like me to book the 15:51 train?
What time does the 15:51 train arrive?|It leaves at 15:00 and gets there at 15:51, sorry for any confusion.
Yes please book that train for me.|I have booked tickets for 2 people, and your reference number is UBY652ER. Anything else I can do for you?
Thank you, that's all for now.|thank you and enjoy your stay in our city!
Please find me a good Chinese restaurant on the East side|I show one chinese restaurant in the east, Yu Garden. Shall I make reservations for you?
No at this time I would just like their postcode.|Okay, no problem! Their postcode is CB58PA. Would you like help with anything else?
Yes, I want to find a hotel with free wifi.|Do you have an area you'd like to stay in? And what is your price range?
I would like to stay in the east. I do not have a price range.|The carolina bed and breakfast is a moderately prices hotel rated 4 stars.
Can you book a room for me?|Sure, what day and how many people?
Friday for 2 people. We'll be staying for just 2 nights|When will you be arriving?
friday and can I get the reference number too please?|Booking was successful. Reference number is : D0OZC26N. Is there anything else I can help with?
Could you fax me the reference number, as well as any fees for additional amenities?|Sure, the reference number is D0OZC26N. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Yes, I'll also need a taxi that will commute between the two places. I'd like to leave the hotel at 08:45.|Ok, I have booked you a taxi, It is a yellow toyota and you may reach them at 07319585629. Is there anything else?
That is everything that I need.|thanks for inquiring with us
Ok. Thanks for your help. Goodbye.|welcome anytime you need help
Hi! Are there any European restaurants in the center of town?|Yes, there are 8 results for European restaurants in town centre, what price range are you looking for?
Very, very insanely expensive, money is no object.|There are three expensive European restaurants in the Centre area.  Would you like to know the name and address of each location?
Yes thank you|Eraina is at Free School Lane CIty Centre, phone #01223368786. Would you like me to make a reservation?
Yes, I need a reservation on Thursday at 16:30 for 4 people.|Success! We've booked your reservation
Can  I have the reference number please?|Absolutely.  Your reference number is FXDNF0IU.  What else can I help you with?
A hotel and should include free parking, in the expensive price range,for same group for 2 nights|Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, I need a hotel for 4 people with free parking in the expensive price range, for 2 nights|And what day would you like the reservation for?
I would like the hotel for two nights, starting on Thursday.|You are booked at the Gonville Hotel your reference number is LIA4E1ME. Can I help you with anything else?
No, that is all. Thank you so much for the assistance.|If you need anything else, please contact us with your needs.
That is all.  Thanks so much for your help!|Thank you for using our service. Have a great night. Goodbye.
I am looking for a reasonably priced pizza place. Can you help?|There is pizza hut in the south. They are in the moderate price range
That sounds nice. Can you please book a table for 2 at 16:30 on Friday?|Alright, you're all set! Your reference number is: OYG60EP0.
Great! Thank you so much!|Do you need help with anything else?
i'm also looking for a train.|When would you like to travel?
I need to be in Cambridge by 10:15 on Friday.|Where are you leaving from and on what day?
Friday. I do not have a leaving from time. I just want to be there by 10:15.|Sorry, maybe I missed it. What station are you traveling from?
I'll be leaving from bishops stortford|train id TR2083 leaves at 09:29 and arrives at 10:07. will that suit you?
yes please. 2 tickets|I was able to book two tickets to Cambridge from Bishops Stortford. Your total is 20.2 GBP, payable at the station. Reference number is CGH0R0AS.
Thank you. Goodbye.|Thank you. I am glad I could be of help.
I am looking for a restaurant in the centre that serves african food.|The bedouin serves african food at 100 Mill Road City Centre. Would you like to make a booking?
I would like a restaurant in the expensive price range please.|Bedouin is expensive. Would you like to book there?
Yes. I want to book a table for 3 people on Tuesday at 19:45.|That time slot is unavailable. Is there another time slot you want to book?
Could you try 18:45 instead?|Your table has been reserved at for 3 at 18:45 on Tuesday. The reference number is  IE3WWFDN.
Thank you very much. Have a great day.|You're quite welcome. Thanks for contacting the Cambridge TownInfo Centre and have a great day!
Hi, I am looking for a cheap Italian restaurant please.|I have some in the north, center and west side. Do you have a preference in area?
No, no preference. Please just find me one that has a table available for 4 people at 17:45 on Monday.|I'm sorry but none of the Italian restaurants have reservations available at that time.  Do you want me to check for a different time?
Yes, I'll try for a little earlier, how about 16:45?|Booked at la margherita! Your reference number is NG7AU0Y2. Your table will be held for 15 minutes.
Thank you very much for your help!|You're welcome. Have a great day!
I need to find a train that leaves peterborough on friday.|sure, what is your destination?
I'll be heading to Cambridge and I'd like to leave at or a little after 09:00, if possible.|I have the tr1393 which leaves the station at 09:19, how many tickets would you like?
I need 4 tickets. What is the reference number?|Booking was successful, the total fee is 66 GBP payable at the station .
Reference number is : MU3UYQCK.
I'm also looking to eat at a restaurant called graffiti.|Graffiti is an excellent choice! It's an expensive British restaurant on the west side. Would you like a table there?
No thanks, I just need the address please.|There address is Hotel Felix Whitehouse Lane Huntingdon Road postcode cb30lx. Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
I am looking for the address for graffiti|Their address is Hotel Felix Whitehouse Lane Huntingdon Road. Anything more I can help with?
No, that will be all. Thank you!|Okay, let us know if you need anything else.
Know anywhere that has european food?|Sure, there are lots of good European restaurants in town. Is there a price range that you prefer?
Yes actually, can we find something in the moderate price range?|How about the Galleria in the town centre?  I could make a reservation for you if you wish.
That would be greatly appreciated. I will have one other person with me, this will be on sunday at 18:15. Also could i get the reference number?|You are all set for Sunday.  The reference number is 7W544X5O.  Is there anything else I could help you with?
No, you have been very helpful.  Thank you.|Thank you for using our service. Have all of your needs been met?
That should be all I need, thank you.|You're welcome. Thank you for using the Cambridge Towninfo Centre.
Thanks I appreciate it.  Bye!|Alright, thank you. Goodbye.
Yes, I need help locating Pizza Hut City Centre.|Sure, the Pizza Hut City Centre is located at Regent Street City Centre. Their postcode is cb21ab. Can I help with anything else today?
What is the price range?|They're listed as cheap.
Do you have their phone number?|Yes, it's 01223323737. Is there anything else I can help with?
Thanks, that's all I need. Have a nice day.|You're welcome. Have a great day!
I am looking for a place to dine in the centre of town|We have several options.  What price range would suit your needs?
It doesn't matter.  We want to eat indian food.|Well I have the Curry Garden in the expensive price range.
Please provide me with the address and telephone number.|Yes, the address is 106 Regent Street in the City Centre. Their phone number is 01223302330. Can I help with something else?
Could you also book it for me? 3 people, 14:30 on Sunday.|I have your table booked for Sunday afternoon.  They will hold the table for 15 minutes.  Your reference number is 28O595TK. Can I help you with anything else?
no thank you that is all|The prompt before this call came through said that you needed two things, do you need anything regarding a hotel, transport or attractions?
Sorry, I do need to find a guesthouse as well. Something moderately priced, perhaps 3 stars?|The alpha-milton guest house will fit your needs.  Would you like me to be book a room there?
No thank you, I just need the address, phone number and area.|the alpha-milton is located in the north. their address is 63 milton road and the postcode is cb41xa.
May I also have the telephone number for the alpha-milton, please?|Sure, the number for Alpha-Milton Guest House is 01223311625. Can I help with anything else?
i also want a taxi to help commute between the two places|Where would you like the taxi to pick you up?
it should pick me at the restaurant at the booked time|Are you sure that you don't want to get to the restaurant for your booked time?
I do need the taxi to get to Curry Garden by the booked time of 14:30. I'm a little scatter brained today.  Thank you for clarifying.|Great! I have booked you a taxi, which will pick you up from the hotel. It will be a yellow Tesla and the contact number is 07140486418. Anything else today?
nope, that's all thanks so much!|Thank you for using our services. Have we met all of your needs today?
Yes,that  is it for today. Thanks again.|You're welcome, let me know if I can assist with anything else.
I need to book a train for 18:45 that leaves Cambridge.|What is your final destination?
Norwich is my final destination.|Do you have a day in mind?
I will be traveling on Friday.|I have a train that leaves on Friday at 19:36 and arrives in norwich at 20:55. Would you like me to book it for you?
Actually, I wasn't very clear before. I apologize. I need to arrive in Cambridge by 18:45.|TR4990 departs Norwich at 17:16 and arrives in Cambridge at 18:35. Will that work for you?
Yes, I think it will.  How long is the trip and how much will it cost me?|How many tickets will you need?
just the one|Okay, you're booked with reference number 3LOQWXPK. Trip duration is 79 minutes, and the total fee is 17.6 GBP payable at the station. May I help with anything else?
Yes, I'm also looking for a place to dine. Should be in the west and preferably in the expensive range.|I can look that up for you.  Do you desire a particular type of restaurant?
Steakhouse please.|Unfortunately there are no steakhouses any where in the city at any price point.  Do you have another type of food to search for?
Yes, could you see if there is one that serves british food instead?|I would recommend Travellers Rest.  It is on the west side and it is expensive.
Could I please have the address and postal code?|The zip code is cb30df, while the address is Huntingdon Road City Centre. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No that was it thank you very much.|You're welcome, thanks for using Cambridge TownInfo centre, have a great day!
Thanks, you to.  Good bye.|Thank you for calling Cambridge TownInfo Centre. Have a good day.
Hello, can you help me find a pricey Singaporean restaurant in Cambridge?|There are none available, do you have another type of food.
I sort of really had my heart set on Singaporean food.|I'm so sorry! Checked my sources and don't see a Singaporean restaurant in any part of town. May I help you in some other way?
Yes Can you find me a hotel that is cheap?|In what area would you like the hotel to be?
Sorry that last sentence must have been a bad connection, disregard that.  Still looking for a restaurant, are there any expensive indian ones in the centre?|There are several. May I suggest Curry Garden is located in the Centre and has an expensive price range. Would you like a reservation?
Yes, can you book a table for 8 people on Saturday at 15:45?|A table is booked for Saturday for 15:45 at 8 and for 8 people. Reference number is B00KVHN
I'm also looking for a place called cambridge and country folk museum.|The Cambridge and Country folk museum is located in the west. It has an entrance fee of 3.50 pounds. Can I tell you anything else about it?
No that will be all thanks so much.|Is there anything else I can help you with today?
I need a taxi to take me to the restaurant from the museum.|What time of day would you like this booking for?
I need to get to the restaurant in time for the reservation.|Excellent. You are all set with a red Skoda.  The contact number is 07563648759. Anything else I can help with?
no thanks that is all|enjoy your stay with us!
Can you help me find a very cheap restaurant in the north?|I have two restaurants that would meet your requirements. I have an indian restaurant or an italian restaurant. Which do you prefer?
Lets go with the italian restaurant!|Perfect! It is called Da vinci pizzeria and is located at 20 Milton Road Chesterton
Sounds great. Book me there for 12:45 on sunday for 5 people.|I suppose since they don't do Sunday reservation, switch to Saturday.
What other options are there for Italian food?  Maybe I could go for a moderate price or.|All I have in that price range is chinese,and indian.
Can you find me a cheap Italian restaurant in the north part of town any one is fine and book it for 5 people at 12:45 on sunday?|I have made your reservation for 5 people on sunday at 12:45 at da vinci pizzeria and your reference number is KC6B0PKU.
I'm also looking for a train that departs from cambridge and is leaving on monday.|Alright, there are quite a few. When would you like to leave?
I need to get to Ely by 17:30.|Train TR9310 will get you there by 17:24 and is your best option.  Would you like me to book it for you?
What is the price for TR9310?|16.50 pounds, should i book it for you?
No, thanks, I'll just take care of it at the station. You've been a big help.|I'm glad to have been of service to you. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
No.  Thanks for all of your help though.|Have a wonderful day!
Thank you for contacting us.|Thank you for contacting Cambridge TownInfo Centre.  Have a great day!
I am looking for a restaurant.|What type of food are you looking for?
I'm looking for unusual food. And I want a place in the centre of town.|I don't have anything matching unusual but I do have an African restaurant in the center of town as well as some gastropubs. Would either interest you?
I'll take something that is cheap.|There are a total of 15 restaurants that are cheap in the centre. Is there another type you would like to try?
Do you recommend a restaurant that is a little more different then the rest?|I would recommend golden house
Is that Italian? I would like an Italian restaurant, please.|Okay, how about the pizza hut city centre? I heard it's pretty good.
Okay, that sounds good. I need to make a reservation for 2 people on Tuesday.|What time would you like to visit?
How about 13:15?|I was able to book the table for you. It will be reserved for 15 minutes. The reference number is 97AAF776.
That's great, thank you.|Awesome. Have a good day!
Can you tell me about a particular hotel called the avalon?|The Avalon is a 4 star hotel in north Cambridge that is in the moderate price range. Would you like their phone number?
Actually, could you book a room for me? I need it for 2 people, 5 nights. We'll arrive on Wednesday.|Booking was successful. Reference number is : DYAMG2CY. Can I help you with anything else today?
Yes, could you help me find a nice place to dine in the north.|We have many fine places in the north. I personally recommend the City Stop.
Do any of these places serve Vietnamese food?|Unfortunately, there are no results. Would you like me to search a different area or food type?
Can you please try French food instead?|Two Two is an expensive French restaurant in the north with wonderful food. Would you like to book a table?
Yes please for two people at 16:15 on Wednesday please if its not too much trouble.|I have made your reservation at restaurant two two. Your reference number is VIVBN8WU.
Thats all for today thanks !|Okay, you are very welcome! Goodbye!
I am looking to eat moderate priced British food|I have five eateries that are British in that price range, do you have a preference of area?
I want it to be in the centre.|restaurant one seven is a restaurant meeting your preferences. There are 3 others that also meet your preferences.
That one sounds good. Can I get the address and post code?|The address is De Vere University Arms Regent Street City Centre. The post code is cb21ab.
Great, and what is the phone number?|The number is 01223337766.
That will be all. Thanks.|You're welcome. Have a good day, goodbye.
Hello, can you help me find a train going to London Kings Cross?|Sure! What day are you planning on leaving?
On Monday, from Cambridge.|What time would you like to depart. I have anything from 5:00 to 23:00
I'd like to leave after 15:45, please.|TR7786 will leave at 17:00, would that work for you?
Can I get the travel time for that as well?|The travel time is 51 minutes. Can I help you with anything else?
I want a cheap swedish restaurant in the centre, please.|I wasn't able to find a cheap swedish restaurant in the centre of time. Would you like me to try a different type of food?
Yes, please. Is there a restaurant with Indian food?|There are 3 restaurants that match what you're looking for, would you like me to book one for you?
I'll take whichever one you recommend. I just need the phone number, postcode & address please.|I would recommend the Ghandi.  They are located at 72 Regent Street City Centre and can be reached at 01223353942, can I assist with anything else?
Yes, I apologize but can you give me the arrival time for train TR7786?|Sure I can. The arrival time for that train is 17:51. Is there anything else I can do for you?
I think that's everything I need. Thank you very much.|You're very welcome!  I hope that you enjoy your time here!  Thank you for contacting the Cambridge TownInfo centre.
Can you help me find a place to dine that is expensive in the west?|Certainly. What type of food are you looking for?
My friend wants to eat lobster, so maybe a good seafood place.|I do have Loch Fyne in the Centre (nothing in the West, sorry!) that has expensive seafood. Want to give it a try?
I would like to stay in the west area. How about a british restaurant?|Travellers Rest in the west area is an expensive British restaurant. Would you like more info about them?
please get me the address|Travellers Rest is located at Huntington Road, City Centre. Would you like me to book a table for this evening?
No, I won't be in town till next week, thanks.  Can you suggest a college in that same area?|I have give colleges in the west.
Can you recommend a college in the west area? I'll need the address, entrance fee and post code as well please.|Queen's college is located on silver street. The postcode is cb39et. Although the entrance fee is 2.50 pounds, I think it's well worth the price of admission.
Sounds great. Can I also get info on a taxi leaving from Queen's College|Yes I can get you a taxi where are you going and what time did you want to leave or arrive?
well I want to leave the attraction by 11:00 and I need the contact # and car type|In order to book the taxi I will need a destination. Can you please provide one?
I do not have a destination at this time.|Alright your booking number is 07829617509 and the car picking you up is a yellow ford.
Thank you for your help!|You're welcome. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Thank you so much for your help! That should be all for now.|Thank you for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre.  Goodbye
Can you tell me about a hotel called city centre north b and b?|It is located at 328a histon road cb43ht. Their phone number is 01223312843.
Is that a hotel or a guesthouse? And do they happen to provide free Internet?|Yes on both of those. Is there anything else I can do for you?
Yes, I am also looking for an Indian restaurant to eat at.|We have 22 great indian restaurants to choose from. Is there a certain price range you would like to stay in?
I would like it to be expensive.|I would recommend taj tandoori. Can I book it for you?
Sure. I'll be going there on Thursday 12:30 with two other people.|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.Reference number is : 9WPR3VG2.
Thank you so much for your help!|You're welcome! Have a great night!
I'm looking for a restaurant in the center of town that serves Singaporean food. Do you have any suggestions?|I'm sorry, I do not see any Singaporean restaurants in the Centre area. May I help you with something else?
What about a restaurant in the center part of town that serves British food?|There are 7 British eateries to choose from. Would you prefer any particular price range? There are restaurants that provide both moderate and expensive price ranges.
No, can you recommend one?|restaurant one seven is fantastic can I recommend that one to you?
Could you provide me please with their phone number, price range and postcode?|01223337766. cb21ab post code. They are in the moderate range in price.
Okay thank you.  I am also looking for the hotel called express by holiday inn cambridge.|How many nights do you need?
Two nights starting on Thursday please.|And will it be just you staying, or a group?
There will be two people total.|Your room at the Express by Holiday Inn Cambridge has been booked. Your reference number is K5RD51DN.
Thank you so much!|You're welcome. Would you like me to help with anything else?
That is all I needed, have a nice day.|Thank you, and have a great day.
I am looking for an Indian restaurant that is in a cheap price range|There are 4 such restaurants, 3 in the centre and 1 in the north. Which area do you prefer?
I prefer one in the centre, and would like to reserve a table for 2 at 13:45 on Friday. Please forward me the reference number once it is booked.|Booking was successful at Kohinoor. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Your Reference number is : MP6JC0PA.
Excellent. I'm also looking to depart from birmingham new street by train the same day as the restaurant. Is that possible?|I have 10 trains departing after the time of your reservation leaving on the :40 of the hour starting at 14:40 to 23:40. Would you like me to book one?
Are those going to cambridge? Because I really really need to arrive by 10:45.|There are 5 departing on that day by the restaurant with you arriving by 10:45. Would you like me to book you a ticket?
yes please book two tickets and I need my reference number as well.|Great, I was able to get you two tickets, your reference number is: F4SQSPAE and are payable at the station. Anything else today?
No thank you, you have been very helpful! And have a wonderful day!|Happy to be of service. Enjoy the rest of your day!
Yes I am looking for a guesthouse that is cheap to stay in Cambridge in.|alexander bed and breakfast on 56 saint barnabas road is available.  Would you like me to book it.
Does it include free parking and wifi?|Yes, it has free Internet and parking. Would you like to book?
Yes please, I need to book it for 8 people for 2 nights starting sunday.|Booking was successful. Your reference number is M9T2LMXS. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Thank you. I am also looking for an Indian restaurant and is located in the centre.|I have found 9 Indian restaurants in the Centre. Do you have a price range in mind?
Yes, I am looking for a cheap restaurant.|kohinoor is a cheap indian restaurant in centre.  Would you like me to book a table?
No thanks, I just need the address including post code.|The postcode is cb12as and it is located at 74 Mill Road City Centre
Great, thanks so much for your help. There's nothing more, bye!|You are very welcome. Enjoy your day!
Hi, what are some fun attractions in west Cambridge?|There are 13 places, colleges, entertainment, and museums
I need an attraction in the west part of town. Please provide the address and amount of the entrance fee so I can prepare.|Queens' College is a wonderful play to visit. Their address is Silver Street. The entrance fee is 2.50 pounds.  Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, I'd also like to find an expensive restaurant in the west side of town.|There are nine restaurants that fit your requirements. What type of food are you interested in?
Just pick one in the same area as Queens' College,  and can you book a table for 1 at 18:30 on Saturday please?|How about Graffiti? It's an expensive restaurant that serves British food in the west area.
Graffiti sounds good. Can you book a table for me?|Your table at Graffiti is reserved for Saturday at 18:30 for one person. Your reference number is AV0KBAEG. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No that's all I need. Thanks for your help!|You're welcome. Enjoy your visit!
I certainly will. Thanks for the help that is all I needed.|Let us know if you need anything else.
I am looking for a restaurant serving malaysian food.|There are no Malaysian restaurants in this area.
I am also looking for a restaurant serving asian oriental food.|I have found several restaurants serving Asian Oriental food. What area of town do you prefer?
I don't care.|Does the price range matter?
I don't care|Might I suggest the Dojo Noodle Bar. They are located in the centre of town and they are cheap. Would you like their phone number?
Yes, and their address too.|Dojo Noodle bar is located at 40210 Millers Yard City Centre and their phone number is 01223 363471.   Is there anything else that I can help you with today?
What is the postcode?|The postcode for dojo noodle bar is C.B. 1 7 D.Y
No, that will be all.  Thank you and goodbye!|You're welcome. Good bye and have a great day!
You, too.|Thanks!
I want to find a place that serves halal food.  Can you help me?  Not too expensive, please.|I cannot find any restaurants serving halal food. Would you like something different?
How about European food instead?|The River Bar Steakhouse and Grill is a modern European restaurant that looks like the least expensive option available.  It is located in the centre of town.  How does that sound?
That sounds good.  may I have their address and postcode, please?|The river bar is located at Quayside Off Bridge Street. The postcode is C.B 5, 8 A.Q.
Thank you goodbye.|Goodbye, and enjoy your meal!
I'm looking for a restaurant called Thanh Binh. Can you help me find it?|Absolutely! Thanh Binh is a wonderful vietnamese restaurant in the west. It is relatively cheap. Would you like any more information about them?
Sounds perfect. Could you book it for myself and five others on Friday?|Would you like a reference number.
Yes but if you could book it for 6, at 12:00 on friday, that would be good.|I can, would you like the reference number?
Of course I would like the reference number.|I'm sorry but I can not book that.
Can you book it for 11 instead?|Sorry, the restaurant can't accommodate you during that time.
Hmm, how about 11:00?|Looks like my system is acting up and can't accept you for 11:00. Want to try for another time?
Yes, please try for 12:00|I'm sorry. I'm not sure what is going on. It will not let me book. Would you like to try a different restaurant?
Sure, what do you have available?|Would you like to stick with Asian Cuisine?
Can you please try again at 12 on friday?|I'm sorry I am unable to book that.
How about 11:00 that day?|I am sorry I cannot book it at that time. Would you like to try another restaurant?
No thank you.  Can you help me find an attraction?|What kind of attraction would you like to see?
Any kind of entertainment in the Centre please.|Nothing was found. Shall I look for entertainment in a different area?
Yes, the type of concert hall. I need address and a taxi for 11 and the car type and contact number please|There is one concert hall in centre.  It is called the man on the moon.
Great.  Can you please give me the address?|Absolutely! The address is 2 norfolk street.
Great, can you also book a taxi for me?|Where are you departing from and where are you headed?
I just need it to arrive at the restaurant at the correct time.|I do need the departure place and destination in order to book the taxi.
From the concert hall to the restaurant.|Alright. How many people is this for?
It will be for six people.|I need to book a reservation for you to tell the taxi man...
Can you please just book me for taxi service?|You are in luck, I have managed to get you a table for 6 at 12:00 Friday at Thanh binh. 9N8M4HQ9 is the reference. Would you still like a taxi?
Yes, please. I need it to get to the restaurant in time for that reservation.|I have booked you with a blue honda to arrive by 12:00 at the restaurant. The phone number to contact them is 0713064642.
.
Thank you, that is everything.|You are welcome. Thank you for your patience. I'm sure you will have a delightful visit to Cambridge. Goodbye.
Can you help me find a place to eat serving british food in the moderate price range?|can please provide more information to help us serve you better.
It needs to be close to my hotel and open late.|I have several listings.  Please provide the part of town you prefer so  I can narrow it down.
In the centre if possible|How about the oak bistro located at 6 lensfield road.  The post code is cb21ab and phone number 01223323361.  Can I book this for you?
Yes please, could you book a table for 6 at 16:45 on Wednesday? Could i get a reference number too please?|Ok.  I have a table for 6 booked for you at the Oak Bistro. Your reference number is 9SGIM1SR.  Is there anything else I could help with today?
Yes, I'd like a hotel in the same area.|sure I can help you with that, when are you planning your stay?
Wednesday, for 2 nights.|You have your choice of an expensive or moderate price range in that area, do you have a preference?
i dont mind any price.|I recommend university arms hotel. it is rated 4 stars and is expensive. Their number is 01223351241.
Ok, can you book a room for our group or are you expecting me to call them?|I can book it for you.
I actually need a moderate hotel in the centre. I don't need free parking. I will need the hotel booked for 6 people, 2 nights, on Wednesday, please.|No thank you that will be all for today
I want a restaurant in the centre of town.|Are you looking for a particular type of food?
Yes, French food.|Cote is a French Restaurant in the centre.  Would you like to make a reservation?
Yes!  I need at table for 6 at 18:30 Wednesday.|Here is your reference number 6HUYUYGS is there anything else I can do for you?
Yes I need to find a train to Cambridge from Kings Lynn.|When would you like to travel?
Thursday morning at 9 am|Train TR3447 leaves Kings Lynn at 09:11. Would you like to reserve a ticket?
yes please. make a booking fr the same number of people.|Okay, the booking was successful, the total fee is 58.8 GBP payable at the station. Reference number is : FZ6DQHQT. Anything else I can help you with?
That is all I needed today.|welcome any day you want to know something
I am looking for a place to dine that serves sri lankan food in the centre.|There are not any restaurants serving Sri Lankan food in the centre of town. Should I check another type of food?
Yes, are there any options for Italian food in the centre?|There are 9 Italian restaurants in the center. Do you have a preferred price range?
I'd like the address, phone number and postcode for one of the cheap restaurants, please.|Pizza Hut City Centre is located at Regent Street City Centre, cb21ab. The phone number is 01223323737. Could I be of further assistance?
I'm looking for entertainment spots to visit near the restaurant. What kinds of things are there to do?|I have a lot of attractions to choose from in the centre. Perhaps you would be interested in visiting a church?
I'm interested in entertainment activities. Are there any theaters in the area of the restaurant?|There are four theatres near the centre. They are: adc theatre, cambridge arts theatre, mumford theatre, and the cambridge corn exchange.
Can you tell me about colleges in the center of town?|There are 13 colleges in the centre of town. Some of them have free entrance and some of them charge a fee.
Give me your recommendation for a college with a free entrance fee. Please include a phone number too.|I've heard great things about Hughes Hall.  Their entrance fee is free.  Would you like more information about them?
Can I get their phone number please|Hughes hall's phone number is 01223334898. Is there anything else you need?
Is there an entrance fee?|No. It is free to tour Hughes Hall.
Okay thank you for your help.|You are welcome! Is there anything else I can assist you with?
No, that's all I need. Thanks for your help.|Thank you. Have a great day, goodbye.
I need an east restaurant. I want to try some Canapes food.|I'm sorry, but there are no restaurants serving canapes food in the east part of town.
Then could you recommend a Chinese restaurant?|Yu Garden is a Chinese restaurant in the east part of town.
address, phone number, and postcode, please|Yu Garden is located at 529 Newmarket Road Fen Ditton and their number is 01223 248882. Also, their postcode is C.B 5, 8 P.A. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, thank you, goodbye.|Thank you.
Goodbye.|enjoy your meal.
I am planning a trip in Cambridge|I can help you find what you are looking for.
Thank you! Can you help me find a train to Norwich, please?|Yes if you can tell me where you will leaving from and what day and time?
I'll be leaving Cambridge on Monday at 9 PM.|Train 2662 leaves Cambridge at 21:36 and arrives in Norwich at 22:55.  Would you like me to book a ticket for you?
I need the train to arrive by 21:00.  Is there one at that time?|May I recommend the TR9246 train arriving at 20:55
yes book that for 3 people please|Booking was successful, the total fee is 52.8 GBP payable at the station .Reference number is : 8L54O12B.
I am now looking to dine at mahal of cambridge|Would you like more info or for me to book it?
what kind of food do they serve and how expensive is it?|It is a cheap Indian restaurant. Would you like to book a table?
No. I think that is all.|Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
Actually, I would like to book a table at that restaurant.|On what day would you like a reservation?
Come to think of it, I won't need a reservation. That will be all for today. Thanks for your help!|No worries we are here if you need us, have a nice day.
Great. I'll call back if I need anything. Goodbye.|My pleasure. Have a great day. Goodbye.
I'm looking for someplace fun to visit in town.|Well, there's lots of fun things to do including boats, museums, sports complexes, architecture, cinema and theaters. Do you have something specific in mind?
Hmm, I'm not sure.  Can you pick one for me?  I need it to be in the city centre.  I need a phone number, postcode, and attraction type.|the cambridge corn exchange is a theatre. Postcode is cb23qe and phone number is 	01223357851.
Can you find a restaurant by the name of sitar tandoori?|Sure! it's an indian restaurant located in the east. Do you want a reservation?
Yes please 6 people, at 14:45 on Thursday.|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Reference number is : TP86DT67.
i also want to book a taxi to commute between the two places.|Okay! When would you like to depart?
I would just to arrive by the time for the reservation. Can I have the contact number and car type please?|I booked you a black volkswagen and the contact number is 07208024782. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No, that's all. Thanks, goodbye.|You're welcome have a great day
I am looking for a restaurant that is expensive in the north.|There are many to choose from. What type of cuisine would you prefer? Chinese, French, European, Oriental?
I think I'll try Chinese.|There are two listings of chinese cuisine in the north area that are of a expensive price range.  There is hakka and the hotpot.
Hakka sounds interesting. Can you book a table for 3 at 16:30 on Sunday please?|There are no tables available at that time.  Would you like to try a different time or day?
How about an hour earlier?|Yes, the table was available for 15:30.  The booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Reference number is : RRKZOI5C.
Can you find me an attraction in the same area, too?|There are four attractions in the north, are you interested in a park, boating or a swimming pool?
Any is fine. Could I get the postcode once you've found one?|The Riverboat Georgina's postcode is cb43ax.
Could you also get me a taxi to go between the two places, I'd like to arrive at the restaurant by the booked time.|Booking completed. Your contact number is 07550175887 and the car type is a grey lexus. Can I help you with anything else?
No thank you, that is everything that I need.|Okay great, have a good day.
I need to find a place to dine in the expensive price range that serves indian food.|Hi, I have several Indian places , what side of town?
I think I'd like to eat on the west side.|I have five different places that meet this criteria. How does the Tandoori palace sound?
That sounds wonderful. Can you book me a table for 7?|I'd be happy to reserve your table. What day will you be dining there, and how many in your party?
This will be for 7 people at 19:15 on friday|I am sorry, but that time slot is not available. Is there another time you would like to reserve?
Yes, how about 18:15 on Friday?|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Your reference number is B4JDF0YQ. Can I help you with anything else?
I would also like to find a guesthouse. I want something 2-star that has free parking and free wifi.|Do you have a specific area or price range in mind?
Not really. I just need a 2 star guesthouse or 4 star hotel.|I don't have any guesthouses that are 2 star. I have 3 hotels that are 4 stars. The Huntingdon Marriott, Cambridge Belfry, and the University Arms Hotel. Which do you prefer?
How about a guesthouse with a star of 4?|Okay, we have the allenbell that fits your needs. Would you like me to book a room?
Yes, I'd like it for the same number of people for 4 nights on the same day.|You're all set! I have seven people booked for four nights, starting friday. Your reference number is DPJODS84. Anything else I can help with?
Awesome! Thanks. That's all I needed. Have a good one. Bye.|Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No, I'm all set. Have a great day.|The address is 517a coldham lane.
Okay great, that's everything else I needed. Goodnight!|Well, thank you for your call! You have a great day!
I'm hoping to find a place to eat.|Do you have any food type preferences?
I would like to eat international food.|I have 3 restaurants serving this type of food.  Would you prefer cheap or moderate price range?
I would like moderate pricing.|The Varsity restaurant and Bloomsbury restaurant are both in the moderate range.  Do you have a preference?
I would like to pick a restaurant in the north.|There is no listing in the North,do you want to try a different area?
cheap restaurant, please|What type of cuisine would you prefer?
do you have any serves jamaican food ?|There aren't any Jamaican restaurants nearby, would you like another type of cuisine?
How about mediterranean?|Yes, the gardenia serves mediterranean.   Would you like their phone number?
Yes, and the postcode please.|the Gardenia's phone number is 01223 356354 and the postcode is C.B 2, 3 L.L.  Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, thank you, goodbye,|Have a nice day.  Goodbye.
I am coming to cambridge and would like to dine at a chinese restaurant.|Do you have a price range in mind?
Price doesn't matter but it needs to be in the centre.|There are 10 chinese restaurants in the centre. Would you like to narrow it down by price or would you like me to suggest one?
Suggest one and I need a reservation for 7 people at 17:00 on Friday and the reference number. I also would like information on Cambridge and County Folk Museum.|Alright, I have your booking. Your reference number is: E44GIS9D. I hope you like Charlie Chan's! The C&C folk museum is on the westside, address 2-3 castle street.
That is everything that I need, thanks for your help.|Thank you for using our service!
I'd like to find a panasian restaurant in the centre of town please.|Unfortunately, I was not able to locate a panasian restaurant in that area. Would you like me to look in another area or for a different type of restaurant?
Oh no. Well I'll take chinese food then.|Great choice! We have 10 restaurants in that area. Do you have a preference on price?
No, I don't care about the price. Which one looks good?|Tang Chinese is listed at expensive. Would you like more information?
Can I have the phone number, address and postcode?|Yes, the address is Napier Street City Centre, the postcode is cb11hr, and the phone number is 01223357187.
That's all I needed today, thank you.|Enjoy your meal, let me know if I can help with any thing else.
I'm looking for a hotel called kirkwood house|Good day! The kirkwood house is a guesthouse type hotel in the northern area located at 172 Chesterton Road and can be reached at the telephone number 01223306283.
Lovely, I would like to book it for 3 people for 3 nights starting Wednesday please.|Your booking was successful.  The reference number is : HOGURFVC.  Is there anything I can do to assist you?
I am looking for an expensive Portuguese restaurant.|I'm so sorry but the only expensive Portuguese restaurants in Cambridge are in the south or the north. Can I interest you in one of those?
No, I would like it to be in the centre. Are there any Indian Restaurants?|There are nine Indian restaurants located in the centre. Do you prefer the cheap or expensive price range?
I'd still prefer to keep it in the expensive price range if possible|The Curry Garden is an restaurant that serves Indian food and is expensive.  Do you need more information?
No. I am interested in a booking for the same number of people on the same day at 16:00. Three people on Wednesday.|I just need to verify you want reservations for Curry Garden on Wednesday at 16:00 for 3. Is this correct?
Yes, that is correct, I also need a reference number.|Booked. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Reference number: 5I58PIAF.
I need a ride to and from too please. I'll need the car type and contact number too please.|I have you booked, it is a red skoda, and their contact number is 07654958817 any other questions?
Thanks for all of your help, you've been great!|It's my pleasure! Have a wonderful time!
Hi. I'm looking for a Hungarian restaurant in Cambridge that is moderately priced. Can you help me?|I'm sorry, there are no Hungarian restaurants in Cambridge.  Can I find a different type of restaurant for you?
Hmm, well maybe british food if you have anything.|I have found several British restaurants. Do you have any other criteria?
No can you recommend one?|If you ask me, the Oak Bistro is the place to go. They are in the centre of town and are moderately priced but the food is delicious.
That sounds great. Can you reserve us a table? We're a party of 3 and would like to eat at 16:15 on Wednesday.|I'm not able to make a reservation at that time. Would you like to try a different time?
How about 15:15. Also Im looking for a train that should arrive by 10:00 and depart from Kings Lynn.|I was able to successfully reserve your table for 15:15. Your reference number is TA9U3QQC. For the train, what day would you be traveling?
I am traveling on Wednesday, the same as for the restaurant.|I have train TR1612 that arrives in Cambridge at 09:58.  Would you like for me to make you a reservation?  How many seats will you need?
I need 3 seats same for the restaurant as well.|Ok great, can you please confirm the desired destination?
I need to go to Cambridge.|There are 5 trains that match your request, would you like me to book one of them?
Any of those would be fine. Thank you. For 3 people and can I have the reference number?|Sorry for the misinformation, I must have typo'd. The TR8044 leaves Kings Lynn 09:11, arrives Cambridge 09:58. I've booked you 3 seats, total 29.4GBP, payable at the station. Ref#WYQ30HTP.
OK, thanks, that's what I needed.|You're welcome. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, I think that's all. Thanks so much.|You're welcome. Have a great day.
I would like a restaurant in the west part of town|There are several restaurants in the west part of town.  Would you like something in the expensive, moderate or cheap price range?
I don't care.|What type of food would you like?
canapes food|I am sorry there are no restaurants with canapes. Is there some other type of food you would like?
How about thai food instead?|Of course, how about sala thong? It is a thai restraunt in the west part of town.
What is the address, phone number, and price range?|Sala Thong is quite expensive. The address is 35 Newnham Road Newnham and phone number is 01223 323178. Can I help you with anything else?
Thank you goodbye.|Good bye. Thank you for using the restaurant service.
Hi, I am looking for a place to swim at in cambridge.|There are four, including parkside pools located in the centre.
May I have their phone numbers and the entrance fee for the pools.|The number for parkside pools is 01223446100.  You will need to call them to see if there is an entrance fee.
Thanks, also in the centre of Cambridge, could you find me an asian oriental place to dine?|There are 4 options for asian oriental which range from cheap to expensive.  Do you have a preference?
I prefer moderate cost|The Yippee Noodle Bar is moderately priced.  Would you like me to book you a table?
Yes I would like to book a table for 7 on Monday at 17:45|Unfortunately it is not available at that time or party size.
Let's try 16:45 then.|You now have a 16:45 reservation for 7 at Yippee Noodle Bar. Your reference number is BOZ3MSRO.
That is all I need. Thank you.|You are very welcome. Goodbye.
I'm hoping you can help me find a guesthouse. Parking is optional.|a and b guest house is a nice one. Do you want to book ?
Does it have a 3 star rating?  I'm also needing free wifi on this trip.  Thanks for helping me.|It has a 4 star rating and does provide internet. Would you like a reservation?
does it have free parking ?|Parking is not included but internet is, do you want to book or search for something else?
I need a hotel that has free parking|which type hotel do you want?
Any type that you have available.|In that case I would recommend the Bridge Guest House, it has a 3 star rating and offers both free WiFi and free parking. Would you like to book it?
Can I have the price range and phone number?|The price range is moderate and the phone number is 01223247942.
Also I need to find an expensive chinese restaurant book the table for 3 at 16:45 on tuesday|Is there a particular part of town you would like to go to?
I need that in the north please.|I have 2 chinese restaurants in the north, the hakka and the hotpot, both expensive. Phone number is 0122568988 and 01223366552 respectively. Would you like me to book reservations for you?
Yes could you please make those reservations?|How many people are in your party?
There are 3 people in the group.|What day and time would you like the booking for?
It will be for 16:45 on tuesday.|Your booking for Hakka was completed successfully, reference number PM03Z53S. Can I help you with anything else?
Yes, please. I need a taxi.|Okay, I can help with that. What is your departure site and destination? Also, when would you like to leave or arrive by?
I need to go between the hotel and the restaurant. Arriving by the booked time, please.|Booking completed!
Booked car type	:	grey skoda
Contact number	:	07990098942
Thank you so much. That is all I need today.|You're very welcome! Have a great day!
Thank you, same to you.|Thank you, it has been a pleasure assisting you today. Enjoy your trip. Goodbye
I'm in the mood for some modern eclectic food so please find me a cheap restaurant that sells some|I'm sorry, I wasn't able to find any of those.
How about Indian, instead?|There are four cheap Indian restaurants in Cambridge. What area of town were you interested in?
I want one on the west side of town. If there's not one there then the centre of town will be fine.|we don't have any on the westside, but three in the city centre. Might I suggest the Kohinoor?
That sounds great! Could you book a table there for 12:00 on Saturday? Just me.|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Reference number is : VSJ2W6N3. Can I help you with anything else?
I am also looking for a place to stay.|What area would you like it to be in?
The area doesn't matter.|Well do you have a price preference?
I would prefer a guesthouse and free wifi and parking.|Do you have a price range or star rating in mind?
I don't care,  book it for the same group of people and 2 nights starting from the same day.|Your booking number is GC8V34OD for the Acorn guest house at 154 chesterton road for 1 person on Saturday for 2 days is set.
Thank you, that is all that I need.|Thank you for using our services. Have a great stay!
I need a train that leaves Cambridge on Thursday.|There are 202 trains leaving Cambridge on Thursday. Would you like to narrow your search by destination and time?
I am going to the stansted airport and I need to arrive by 21:30.|When are you leaving?
Departure time doesn't matter, I just need to arrive at the stansted airport by 21:30 on Thursday, and I need to depart from Cambridge.|I have 16 train departures fitting your preferences. They leave every :40 of the hour starting at 5:40 to 20:40, would you like me to book one of these?
Can I please have one at 19:40. I will get there by 21:30 correct?|Yes, the 19:40 train will arrive at 20:08. How many tickets would you like?
I don't need tickets at the moment, but I do need the price and train ID for that 19:40 departure, please.|The train id for that is TR9030 and the price is 10.10 pounds. Is there anything else you'd like help with today?
I'm also looking for a particular restaurant, it's called Frankie and Benny's.|I was able to find it, what information would you like on it?
Can you tell me the postcode, food type, and the price range?|Frankie and Bennys serves italian food in the expensive price range, and their postcode is cb17dy. Would you like assistance in making a reservation?
No, that's all I needed. Thank you.|Thank you for contacting the Cambridge TownInfo centre. We're here any time you need to get around Cambridge!
Can you find a place to dine for me?|There are many wonderful places to dine in Cambridge.  What type of cuisine and price range would you prefer?
I would like to eat catalam food that is expensive and located in the centre of town please.|I'm sorry, it doesn't appear there is any Catalan food in Cambridge. Would you like to try something else?
How about one that serves Italian food?|There are 4 expensive Italian places in city centre. May I recommend Caffe Uno? I could make a reservation for you, if you like.
Yes please, close to the city center sounds good.|Okay that is close it city centre,can I make a booking for you?
not now but you get me the address and phone number|Caffe Uno is located at 32 Bridge Street City Centre. Their phone number is 01223448620. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I would like some information on attractions in town that would be in the centre of town.|we have 44 attractions in the centre of town. Do you have a type in mind?
Perhaps a boating attraction. Is there one in the centre of town?|There are two, however both do not have admission fees pubicaly available. Do you have one in particular in mind or shall I randomly choose one?
No, either one will work. Could you get me their phone number?|The phone number for the Cambridge punter is 07807718591. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Nope. That's all. Thanks a bunch. Goodbye.|i am happy i was of help. gooday
I am looking for a moderately priced restaurant in the south part of town.|What kind of food are you interested in having?
dont care but I would like the address and phone number|I recommend Pizza Hut Cherry Hinton. its phone number is 01223 323737, and their address is G4 Cambridge Leisure Park Clifton Way Cherry Hinton.
Which part of town it is in ?|it is located in the south part of town
Thank you, goodbye.|Thank you, goodbye.
I'm looking for some information on a restaurant called the varsity restaurant.|I can look that up for you! The Varsity Restaurant is located in Centre and is a moderate priced place.  Do you need more information?
Nope, that is all the information I needed!|Please don't hesitate to let us know if we can be of any other assistance?
Yes I need a place to stay that includes free parking and is located on the east side of town.|There are 6 that meet your requests, do you have a price range?
Yes, are there any 4-star places that are cheap?|How about the Autumn house?
Great, can you book it for just me for 3 nights?  I'll need it from Thursday.|Yes I will book it for you
I'm looking for a train from norwich to cambridge.|There are several choices.  The ride is about 79 minutes long.  Can I make a reservation for you?
I am not sure. Do you have one leaving after 9:15 on sunday?|I have several, is there an arrival time you prefer?
No, I do not have a specific arrival time.|Okay, how about TR0996, leaving at 09:16 and arriving by 10:35?
Okay. That sounds good. Can you tell me more about a restaurant called stazione restaurant and coffee bar.|stazione restaurant and coffee bar	italian is in centre area. it is expensive. their telephone number is	01223352607, code	cb23njand is located inMarket Hill City Centre.
Can you book a table for 5 people at 17:45 for Stazione, please?|Sure.  Can you confirm the day you would like the booking?
Yes.  I need that booking for Sunday.|I have you booked and your confirmation number is PUQ990A7.  Can I help you further?
I think that is all I needed today. Thank you!|Have a great day!
I'm looking for an English restaurant that's moderately priced..|There are no restaurants matching your request. May I help you find a different restaurant?
Okay, then I'm looking for a restaurant with Chinese food that's moderately priced.|I have four restaurants matching your request, would you like to hear them all or narrow your request?
I need an expensive restaurant in the centre.|Great! There are a lot of tasty choices. Are you in the mood for a specific type of food?
Yes Indian sounds good to me!|I have many to choose from. What about The Saffron Brasserie?
Yeah, that sounds great. Would you reserve me a table for 4, Friday at 13:15 please?|Booked, your table will be held for 15 minutes. Your reference number is GBPIJP33.
Thanks a bunch! That's all I needed. Take care and have a good day.|You are welcome.  Enjoy your meal.  Bye.
I need a hotel with free wifi.|What part of town are you planning to stay in?
Doesn't matter.  I also need free parking.|There are eight results. Is there a certain price range you'd like?
Could you find me one with a star rating of 3?|Sure, there is one in the centre area and one in the south.  Do you have a preference?
No area does not matter please recommend one.|I have the gonville and the lensfield hotels. When would you like the room?
Yes can you please and send me the info?|gonville hotel	hotel	centre	expensive	3	yes	yes	01223366611	cb11ly	gonville place	
the lensfield hotel	hotel	south	expensive	3	yes	yes	01223355017	cb21en	53-57 lensfield road
It seems we are on different pages here. Ok, just please book a room for at the Gonville Hotel, 1 person, 4 nights, starting Friday.|Okay no problem. I have booked you at the gonville hotel for 4 nights starting friday. The reference number is 7KJDALDO. Can I help with anything else?
Yes, I also need a Lebanese restaurant in the center of town.|Ali Baba is a moderately priced labanese restaurant in the centre. Would you like to make a reservation?
I can't wait. Please book a table for 1 at 13:00 on Friday, please.|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : JVL68LSJ. Anything else I can help with?
That is everything, thank you.|Have a great day. Good day.
Wow, I cant believe that I got a person this quickly. I need a train to cambridge.  I want to get there buy tuesday at 12:30.|I'm happy to help. Where will you be departing from?
I'll be leaving from london kings cross.|Train TR7850 arrives at 12:08, but that there are trains arriving earlier. Which one could you rather take?
I would like to take this train. Thank you.|Reference number is : UKTVT9CY. the total fee is 23.6 GBP payable at the station .
Awesome. Could you also help me find a restaurant in the centre?|There are 69 choices to select from. Can you narrow it down to the type of food and price range? I can then search again for you
it should be in the moderate price range.|What type of food do you like?
American food and I need a booking for same group|The only one I find with American food is in the expensive range, it's the gourmet burger kitchen. Is this something you would be interested or would you prefer something else?
I am looking for something in the moderate price range in the Centre. Is there anything that meets that criteria?|I can recommend the oak bistro in the centre of town, they have british food, and are in the moderate price range. Would you like to make a reservation?
Yes please! I'd like a table for one person at 20:30 on tuesday|I am sorry, I am unable to book that right now. Is there anything else I can help you with?
How about a table at 19:30? Can you reserve that please?|I apologize but that doesn't seem to be available either. Would you like me to try a different restaurant?
Yes if there are any more options, why don't you try and suggest on for me, which ones do you like?|We do have openings at the oak bistro if you are interested. It is located in centre with moderate price range.
Yes I would like a reservation for one at 19:30|Your booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : 4ZAIQ7NX. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, you've been a great help today. Thank you. Goodbye.|Okay, I am glad to have assisted you. Goodbye.
I would like an expensive restaurant in the south of town.|There are five restaurants matching your description. Would you like a specific food type or would you like all their names?
I don't care.|Frankie and Bennys is an expensive Italian restaurant in the south part of town.
can you tell me what type of food they serve and give me the phone number?|It is an italian restaurant and the phone number is 01223 412430.
I want to find a Chinese restaurant in the cheap price range.|sure, i have four options for you
Great, what are they?|You have the Charlie Chan, the Rice House, the Lucky Star, and the Golden House. Would you like to make a booking for any of these?
You decide. I need the area their located in|I recommend Charlie Chan located on Regent Street, City Centre, in the town centre.
Can you book a table for me?|how many people and what time?
Actually, I won't need a booking. I'll just need the phone number, address and area, please?|sure, phone is 01223361763 address is regent st city centre and its in the centre of town, anything else?
I'm  looking for places to go in town. The attraction should be in the centre.|How does the Mumford Theatre sound to you?
Its sounds great, what is the address and post code please?|Sure, the address is anglia ruskin enterprise, east road post code cb11pt. Would you like a reservation?
No, i don't need anything else! Thanks and have a good day!|You are welcome. Goodbye.
I am looking for a guesthouse to stay at that has a 4 star rating. Can you help me?|I have several options for you. Is there a particular area you're looking for?
No.  But I would like a cheap guesthouse.|Would you like to try Alexander Bed and Breakfast?
Yes, can you book it please?|I would be happy to! Which day, how many people, and how many days?
I would like to check in on Thursday and stay for 3 nights.  I need to book a room for 6 people.|I've booked it!  You'll be at alexander b&b starting Thursday for 6 people for 3 nights.  Is there anything else I can help you with?
May I have the reference number for that booking?|Your reference number is 4NG5RGOI. Do you need anything else?
Yes please, can you help me me find an Italian restaurant in the west that is cheap?|La Margherita fits those specifications.  Would you like to book a table?
Yes, I need a table for 6 on Thursday. We'd like it at 14:15, please|I was able to book that for you. Here is your reference number 5JJ8331T.
Great. I also will need a taxi.|Where would you like to be picked up and drop off?
I will need picked up from the hotel and go to the restaurant.|You are all booked with a taxi.
Thank you may I have the contact number and car type please.|Booked car type	:	red lexus
Contact number	:	07350632245
That'll aboutdo it, thanks a bunch.|You are welcome, have a great night.
I want to know if there are any places serving Belgian food in the centre?|There are not. Would you like to look in another part of town, or for a different cuisine?
Let's try a place serving indian food.|We have many Indian restaurants. I recommend Saffron Brasserie, but it's expensive.
That works for me. Can you reserve a table for 3 people on Sunday at 4 PM?|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : O3J11WKJ.
Thank you for taking care of the restaurant. I now need help with a specific hotel called autumn house.|That is on the east side and is 4 stars. When are you wanting this booked for?
Please book that for the same day and same group of people for 4 nights|Your reservation for 3 people at the Autumn House for 5 days 4 nights was successful. Your eference number is : 0C45ZUDN. Can i assist you any further?
I'd like to book a taxi also, to commute between those two locations, please.|How many people will be in the taxi?
It will be for 3 people as well.|a red lexus will pick you ap at 3:30 the contact number is 07739253298, is there anything else today?
Nope that's all I needed tonight.|Good bye and enjoy !
I am looking for college attractions in the centre.|I have about 13 different colleges in that area. Might I suggest Saint John's College. It does have a small entrance fee of 2.50 pounds but is one of the nicest.
That is a wonderful suggestion. What is the address and may I have their phone number?|They are located on saint john's street and their number is 01223338600.
Great!  Also I would like to find a place to eat. Somewhere in the same area and expensive.|There are 33 expensive restaurants in the centre. What type of food do you feel like having?
I don't care about the type of food.  Do you have a suggestion?|There is a great seafood place in the city centre called Loch Fyne. They have some of the best reviews overall. Would you like more info about them or a table?
That sounds great.  Please book a table for 1 at 19:45 on Monday.|I booked your reservations at Loch Fyne for Monday at 19:45 the reference number is 4A4FODSE. Is there anything else I can do for you?
Nope, that's all I need today. Thank you for your help - goodbye!|You are very welcome. I hope you enjoy your trip and have a fantastic day!  Call anytime for assistance.
I need a hotel room.  Are there any left?|I can check for you.  What type of hotel are you looking for?
A place in the west with free parking and free wifi please.|I have 4 hotels pulling up. Do you have a preference in the price range?
Not really. I would like you to pick one and book it for 5 people for 3 nights staring from Wednesday.|Okay, will you be needing a reference number?
yes please, I need the reference number|Your booking was successful. Huntington Marriott Hotel, 3 days for 5 people. Your reference number is:  DF32QQ7O. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Can yo find an Indian restaurant in the moderate price range?|I have 4. from which area do you prefer.
I would like it in the same area as my hotel.|how about meghna? it is lovely
Sounds great, can you reserve me for 5 people on wednesday at 13:45?|Your table is booked. Reference number is 2H4EMZYM. They will hold the table for 15 minutes.
Thank you so much, Goodbye!|You are welcome. Goodbye.
I want a moroccan restaurant.|What price range would you like?
Any price range will be fine.|I am sorry, I can't find any moroccan restaurant. Do you prefer any other type of food?
Yes. can you find any mediterranean restaurant please|La Mimosa is a restaurant serving mediterranean food in the centre of town, and is in the expensive price range.
I would like the address, phone number, and post code information for La Mimosa please. Thank you!|The phone number for la mimosa is 01223 362525 and they are located at Thompsons Lane Fen Ditton.  the postcode is C.B 5, 8 A.Q.  would you like anything else today?
That's it. Thank you, goodbye|Thank you for using the Cambridge Restaurant system.  Good bye.
Hi.  I'm looking for a relatively expensive international restaurant to dine at this evening.  Is there one that you would recommend?|I could not find any expensive international places to eat. Do you have any other preference?
Are there any expensive international food places in the west area?|Nothing in the west,another area?
How about one that serves Indian food instead?|There are 5 that match you criteria. Tandoori palace is a great place, shall I book a table for you?
Could I get address and postcode|sorry i am not able to find it
what do you mean? you're the one who recommended it.|Tandoori Place, 68 Histon Road, Chesterton. Post code cb43le. Is there anything else?
Well.  I also need the hotel called Bridge Guest House.|sure, i have their info. what would you like to know?
I would like to know if you can book me a room for 5 nights starting Friday. I also need the reservation #|I have booked a room for you for five nights at the Bridge Guest House, beginning on Friday. Your reference number is R175R6S0. May I assist you with anything else?
I need the Bridge Guest House for 3 people. I forgot to include that.|I switched the booking to 3 people, and the new reference number is FW6X5F78.
Thank you. That is all that I need.|You're welcome, let me know if I can assist with anything else.
I am looking for a place to stay.  Preferably a guesthouse with free parking included.|We have 21 entries that match your search. Do you have any other preferences?
I would like the hotel to be expensive.|We don't have any expensive guesthouses. Would you like to try a hotel or a guesthouse in a different price range?
How about a cheap one?|The alexander bed and breakfast is available and in the cheap price range.
OK, book that for 4 people. We'll arrive monday and stay 4 nights. And can I have the reference number?|Great! I was able to book that for 4 people and your reference number is F6FSFJ75. Anything else I can help you with?
I'm looking for a Russian restaurant in the centre.|I'm sorry, but there are no Russian restaurants in all of Cambridge. Would you like to try a different type of cuisine?
Is there a Mediterranean restaurant in the centre?|Yes, I have found three restaurants matching your inquest.
I would like the one closest to the alexander bed and breakfast please.|How about the gardenia?
Can you provide me with the price range for the Gardenia as well as the postcode?|The Gardenia is priced cheaply and its psot code is cb23ll.
Thank you for the information|Is there anything else I could assist you with? Would you like help making a reservation?
No that will be everything I needed for today. Thank You!|You're welcome. Enjoy your stay in Cambridge.
I am looking for a place called tang chinese|I have located tang chinese, it is in the centre of town.  Would you like me to book you?
Yes.  Please book a table for 4 people at 17:00 on Friday.|I am sorry this time is not available. Another restaurant perhaps?
Are there any other restaurants for the same price range in the same area?|Kymmoy is also in the centre. It is an expensive Asian restaurant. Would you like me to book this one for you?
Yes please try the same date and time for that restaurant|Your booking was successful the reference number is I82B519F. Is there anything else I can do for you?
Thanks, that's all I need. Have a nice day.|Okay thank you for calling. Enjoy your dinner.
I'm trying to find a restaurant by the name of ali baba. Can you help me out?|Sure!  Ali Baba is at 59 Hills Road City Centre.  Would you like to book a table?
Yes. Six people at 14:00 on Monday.|Ok, your reservation is all set.  They will hold the table for 15 minutes. Your reference number is UXY6QBZY.  Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Thank you.  Yeah, I'm also looking for find a train out of Cambridge that will arrive by 11:15.|great, what is your destination?
My destination is the Stansted Airport on Tuesday.|I have 6 trains available departures starting 05:40 to 10:40.  What time would you like to leave?
Can you just give me the departure time of the one that gets me to Stansted a little before 11:15?|There is one that arrives by 11:08 and it departs at 10:40. Would you like to book that?
No. That's all I needed to know, thank you.|You're welcome, have a great day!
Hello, I am looking for a restaurant that serves international food.|Yes, I found a few restaurants. What area would you like to eat in?
I would like it to be in the East and it should be cheap|There is one restaurant that matches your request. It is called The Missing Sock and is on Finders Corner Newmarket Road. Do you want their phone number?
I need to book a table for 6 on Sunday at 19:15 please, and can I get the reference number?|I was able to successfully place that reservation for 6 on Sunday at 19:15 under reference number XOOQ0N5D. The table is reserved for 15 minutes. Will this be all?
I need to find a train to get to the restaurant. I want to arrive by 16:30.|Where will you  be departing from?
I will be departing from london liverpool street and going to cambridge.|I have a train from London King's Cross to Cambridge that arrives at 16:08. Would you like me to book that for you?
thank you that will be all|Thank you for contacting the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Goodbye
I'm looking for a particular restaurant called the cow pizza kitchen and bar. What do you know about it?|Yes The Cow Pizza Kitchen and Bar serves gastropub type of food, is moderate in price and is located in the centre of town. Would you like the address?
I would like to book a table there for 1 person on Sunday at 19:00. And could I please have the reference number?|Sure!  The Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Reference number is : OKV392YK.
I also need a training leaving on the same day I booked the restaurant for.|What is your destination?
I am traveling from Peterborough to Cambridge.  Need to be there by 15:15.|what will be your departure time?
I would like to arrive by 15:15, so if you could find the train closest to that arrival please.|TR7864 will be the closest to that arrival, it arrives at 15:09. Would you like to book a seat?
Yes please get me 1 ticket and then tell me the reference number|Your booking was successful and you will pay 13.2 GBP at the station. Your reference number is EHCN9BOG.
No, that is all I need today. Thanks!|Alright, no problem! Enjoy your visit!
Hi, I'll be traveling to Cambridge soon and would like to find a restaurant that serves Indian food.|There are 22 results for Indian restaurants, do you have a particular price range in mind, or area you'd like to dine in?
How about a cheap indian restaurant located in the north please.|Sure, I'd recommend the Royal Spice restaurant. Would you like to book a table?
Yes that sounds great. There will be 4 of us and we'd like the table for 15:15 on Saturday, please.|We were able to book that table for you!  Would you like your reference number?
Yes, I do need that number, please.|Sure thing! It is P4ZW4FGI.
Great I also am looking for a place to stay that has a 4 star rating in the north part of town|There are 8 guesthouses with your preferences. Will you be needing internet or parking?
yes both. reference number please?|I can try to get you a booking at Archway House. What day will you be checking in, how many will be staying, and for how many nights?
There will be 4 people checking in and staying two nights starting from the same day. I will also need a taxi to arrive at the restaurant ontime and the hotel.|Let's get your hotel booked and then we will do the taxi. I have you booked at Archway House on Saturday. Reference number is C1419C84.
Ok great, can we get a taxi booked now?  I need it to get me to the restaurant by the time we booked.|Where would you like to taxi to pick you up from?
Royal spice, please|Great! I have a red honda picking you up. Your contact number is 07485551349. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
I think that will be all for now, thanks. Bye.|I'm glad help and hope you have a pleasant trip.
Where can I find a restaurant located in the Cambridge centre?|There are 69 Restaurants in Centre. What type of food and price range?
I'm actually looking for an attraction in the center of town.|There are 44 attractions in the centre, what type of attraction are you interested in?
The attraction should be in the centre.
I need the entrance fee, phone number, and attraction type|I would suggest all saints church.  It is an architecture attraction. Their phone number is  01223452587 and the entry is free.
Thank you for the information.  I do have one other request.  I am looking for information on a restaurant that caught my attention called Fitzbillies.|Fitzbillies is a fine British restaurant located at 51 Trumpington Street City Centre in postcode cb21rg. Would you like to book a table there?
Yes. I would like it for 1. 15:15 on Tuesday.|Ok.  I have your table booked for Tuesday at 15:15.  Your reference number is B6IJH1ND.  They will hold the table for 15 minutes.
Great! Can you also book me a taxi from All Saints Church to Fitzbillies by 15:15?|You bet! The car type I booked for your taxi is a white volvo and the contact number is 07738755446
Great. Thank you so much!|I'm happy to be of service. Enjoy your time in Cambridge!
I am looking for a restaurant. I would like something cheap that has Chinese food.|I've heard good things about the lucky star. Need a reservation?
Yes, could you make a reservation for 1 at 20:00 on Saturday?|Your booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : FDLFKTZM.
Thank you so much for your help!|You're welcome. Thank you! Have a good day now!
Thanks, you too. Goodbye.|Thank you for using Cambridge TownInfo centre. Good-bye
Hello, I'd like some information on a restaurant today.|There are lots of choices for you!  Do you have a price range or certain kind of food that sounds good?
Expensive price range is fine|There are plenty of options.  Is there a particular type of cuisine you are interested in?
Not really. I am just looking for a good local restaurant.|I recommend cambridge lodge restaurant it's located in the west. Would you like more information on it?
Can you book it for me and get a reference number ?|I need you to tell me the date and time for the reservation, and how many people will be attending.
I need a table for 2 people at 17:45 on Sunday please.|Cambridge Lodge Rest is a nice place,would you like me to book it for you ?
Hi! Can you give me some information on the Royal Spice restaurant?|Of course! It's a cheap Indian restaurant in the north at Victoria Avenue Chesteron cb41eh. The phone number is 01733553355. May I help with anything else?
I would like to book for two on Wednesday, at 17:15.|I have you booked Wednesday at 17:15 a table for 2, this table will hold for 15 mins and your reference number is GXO64LG8.
Great, thanks!  That's all I needed!|You're welcome! Have a great day. Goodbye.
Could you help me find Wandlebury Country Park?|Sure! The postcode for wandlebury country park is cb223ae. Would you like the phone number?
Yes please, and what area of the city is that in?|It is located in the south and the phone number is 01223243830.  Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Also want to find some place to eat.  West part of town with an expensive price range.|There are 57 expensive restaurants throughout the city can you tell me the type of food you might like to eat and maybe the area of town?
Yes, I would like an expensive restaurant in the west that serves british food, thanks.|We have two restaurants that meet your criteria - travellers rest and graffiti.
Can you book me a table for two at Travellers Rest at 17:15 on Tuesday?|You are booked. Remember they hold the table for 15 minutes and your reference number is OIHEYVVV. Can I assist you with anything else today?
That's all I need today. Thank you so much for your help!|Thank you! Please remember you can contact us at any time if you require assistance again! Have a great day!
I am looking for an expensive restaurant in the centre.|I found quite a few. What kind of food would you like?
I'd like an expensive gastropub.|I have the backstreet bistro in the centre of town, does that sound good?
That sounds perfect! Can you book a table for 5 people @ 13:30 on Saturday?|You are booked! They will hold the table for 15 minutes. Your reference number is IX1RPSY3. Can I help you with anything else today?
I would also like to know if there are any shows or concerts in town.|There are great concerts at The Man on the Moon concert hall. Their phone number is 01223474144, if you'd like to check coming attractions. Would that work for you?
Can you tell me the postcode on that and the entrance fee?|Their address is 2 norfolk stree. I am not sure of their entrance fee, they do not have it listed.
Could you give me the postcode?|The postcode is cb12lf. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No thank you, that is everything.|You're welcome! Just let us know if you need anything else.
Hi, i am looking for a indian restaurant on the west side of town.|I highly recommend Meghna. It is a moderate priced indian restaurant located on 205 Victoria Road Chesterton. Would you like me to book it?
That's not necessary. Can you tell me what price range it's in?|It is in the moderate range for price.
Perfect.  How about the phone number and postcode?|Their post code is cb43lf and they can be reached at 01223727410.
Thank you so much for your help!|You're welcome is there anything else I can assist with today?
Nope, that's all I needed today. Thanks!|Awesome, thank you for spending time in Cambridge.
It's one of my favorite places to visit. Thanks. Goodbye.|You're very welcome! Have a nice day!
Can you recommend a moderately priced restaurant in the South part of town?|Would you prefer Italian or Modern european food?
I don't care. Either one is fine.|How about Pizza Hut Cherry Hinton. It serves Italian food, is in the moderate price range, and in the south part of town.
could i have the address and phone number please?|sure, pizza hut cherry hinton is located at G4 cambridge leisure park clifton way cherry hinton and the phone number is 01223 413000. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, that is all I needed.  Thank you.  Bye bye.|Goodbye.
I need some information. on a train to london liverpool street arriving by 13:00.|Yes I have 28 entries  with that destination arriving at various times Monday thru Sunday
I'm leaving on Sunday from Cambridge, is there anything available?|I have the TR7187 that will arrive at 01:27. Would you like me to book that for you?
Yes, please book that for me.|For how many people?
Hold on a moment. Can I first make a restaurant booking?|Yes, we can do that after we finish with your train booking. How many people do you need tickets for?
I don't need to book it yet. What's the departure and travel times for the train?|TR7187 departs from Cambridge at 23:59 and arrives in London Liverpool Street at 01:27. Do you want me to book that for you or move on to restaurant assistance?
I really dislike math, can you just let me know the trip duration if you have it in front of you?|Sure. The trip is 88 minutes. Would you like to book a seat?
Yes, and then lets work on the restaurant.|How many tickets would you like?
I don't want to book the train right now. Could you find me a restaurant in centre that serves swedish food?|There appear to be none in the area. Any other types of food you are interested in?
Is there British food in the centre in the moderate price range?|There are four restaurants that serve british food. I recommend Cotto for you. Their address is  183 East Road City Centre
What's the postcode with that?|The postcode is cb11bg.  Can I help you with anything else?
No thank you, that is everything.|Have a nice day!
I'm looking for a restaurant in cambridge that serves italian. I would like it to be in the south.|There are two italian places. Pizza Hut and Frankie and Bennys. Would you like to make a reservation at one of them?
Maybe.  I need a place that serves expensive food.  Does either place fit the bill?|Yes, Frankie and Benny's is expensive.
I would like to book a table for 6 people at 19:00 on Monday. I need the reference number for the booking as well.|I have your booking for 6 people on Monday at 19:00, your reference number is 554BXNRB.  Can I help with anything else?
I would also like to find a hotel with free parking.|i have many options for you! any particular part of town?
Yes, I would like it to be in the same area as the restaurant please.|I would suggest the allenbell.
Okay. do they have free parking? if so are they in the same area as frankie and benny's?|unfortunately they are in different areas. let me find something that will work. i have the lensfield hotel. it is expensive in the south and offers free parking and wifi.
Thank you. You just answered all my questions. Have a good day. Goodbye.|If you decide to make reservations, we will be glad to help you.
I want to go to a restaurant in the centre that serves gastropub food|There are three gastropubs in Centre, are you particular about the price range or would you like a recommendation?
I need it in the moderate price range please.|I think you'd enjoy The Cow Pizza Kitchen and Bar located at the Corn Exchange Street.  Would you like me to book a table?
Yes, could you book The Cow Pizza Kitchen for 8 people on Friday at 17:30?|I have a reservation for 8 people on friday at 17:30, your reference number is ZKOGBRMR.
Can you help me find a guesthouse that has 0 stars and free wifi, hopefully in the same area as the restaurant?|The El Shaddai is in the centre part of town, has free wifi and 0 stars. Would you like me to book it for you?
That sounds perfect, I'll need it for 2 nights on the same day please.|Sure, how many people should I book for?
I need the reservation to accommodate 8 people please|Booking was successful, and they will hold your table for 15 minutes. Your reference number is ZKOGBRMR. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
That is all for now. Thank you for all your help.|You're welcome and enjoy your stay.
I need a good place to eat dinner.  I Like Italian, what do you suggest?|Sure! There are plenty of options. Do you prefer a certain area or price range?
I do not have a preference in price.|I can suggest the pizza express in the centre. Would you like more information on that?
Please make a booking for a table of 2 at 16:15 on Thursday and provide the reference number. I also need to look for a train.|I booked you a table for 2 for Thursday at 16:15 at the Pizza Express. Your reference number is 6PXRDIHG. Now let me help you with the train
Great.  I will be leaving London Kings Cross and want to get to Cambridge by 11:45 the day I eat at the restaurant.|I have a 9:17 train that will get you into Cambridge by 10:08.
Okay, may I please have the travel time and price?|The travel time is 51 minutes and the per ticket price is 23.60GBP.
Thank you so much, I will book later.   Have a great day, you have been helpful.|feel free to contact us again should you need more assistance. goodbye.
I'm looking to visit a college.|What area would you like to visit a college?
It can be anywhere in town.|There are many beautiful colleges to see I recommend Christ's college in the centre. Would you like more information?
Yes. May I have the address and the area it is in.|The address for christ's college is saint andrew's street in the centre. May I help you with something else today?
Yes I want to find an expensive chinese restaurant.|There are 9 options, but ugly duckling fits your needs and is in the centre near the college, would you like more information?
Could you book that place for 7 people on Sunday at 13:00?|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Reference number is : BC3DZBXM
Please find me a corsica restaurant.|There are no corsica restaurants. Would you like something else?
Are there any gastropub restaurants?|There are multiple gastropub restaurants. What area are you looking for?
I don't care|There are three expensive gastropub restaurants and one moderately priced gastropub. Do you have a preference?
Could I have the area, address, and phone number of the moderately priced one please?|The Cow Pizza Kitchen and Bar is located in the city centre on Corn Exchange Street and the number there is 01223 308871. How else may I help you?
Thank you goodbye.|good day!
Is there any place here in the centre that serves corsica food?|What price range are you looking for?
Any price range will do.|There are no restaurants available matching your criteria. Would you like to try a different area, price range, or food type?
Are there any restaurants in the centre that serves North American type of food?|Yes.  The gourmet burger kitchen serves north american food and is located in the centre part of the city.  Would you like their location?
Can I get the phone number?|The phone number for gourmet burger kitchen is 01223 312598.
Thank you. Good bye.|Thank you for using the Cambridge restaurant system. Goodbye.
Hi, I need help planning a trip to Cambridge. I'd like to go to the theatre while I'm in town, and I'll be in the city centre. Is there one there?|I actually have 4 different ones. If I may suggest one, the Mumford Theatre is new and really fun.
That sounds great, what's their phone number?|Their number is 08451962320
Thanks. I also need information about a specific restaurant called michaelhouse cafe. What can you tell me about it?|It's an expensive european place in the centre at St. Michael's Church Trinity Street City Centre cb21su with phone 01223309147. Would you like to book a table?
They serve European food then?|Yes michaelhouse cafe serves european food.  Would you like any other information about this resturant?
No, that's perfect, but I will need a taxi to go from Mumford Theatre, leaving by 12:00, to go to St. Michael's Church Trinity Street City.|I managed to book you for a taxi at that time.  It will be a white Audi and the contact number is 07947363494.  Is there anything else?
That will be all, thank you and goodbye.|Thank you for using our service. Have a great day. Goodbye.
I'm trying to find an expensive restaurant in the centre of town.|Okay, there are a lots of options. What type of food would you like to eat?
Belgian food please|I don't have any restaurants that meet that criteria. Is there another type of food or area you would be interested in?
Ok, how about Chinese food then?|How about Tang Chinese? They are an expensive Chinese restaurant at Napier Street City Centre. Would you like me to make a reservation?
No, I don't need a reservation. Just the phone number and post code please.|their phone number is 01223357187. and port code is cb11hr
Great! Thanks so much.|You are quite welcome. Is there anything further I can assist you with?
No that is all. Thanks|You're welcome. Enjoy your meal. Thank you for contacting the centre. Goodbye.
I need a place to stay with free wifi but I don't need free parking, thank you.|I am showing 2 guesthouse and 1 hotel. All are moderate price range. Would you like more information?
Do you have any in the cheap price range?|9 of the 10 results returned are guesthouses. What area of town would you like to stay in?
It doesn't matter as long as it's on the moderate range.|Do you have a preference for location? I'm showing guesthouses everywhere but the city centre.
I just need to find one that has room for 3 people to stay 3 nights starting from Saturday.|the avalon is available,, would you like to book now?
Yes, let's go ahead and book with the Avalon.|Ok.  The booking was successful and your reference number is C35XS6YE.
Thank you. I am also looking for a place to eat in the centre area and that serves indonesian food.|I'm afraid that I didn't find any restaurants matching your criteria. Would you like to try a different type of cuisine, or a different part of town?
are there any indonesian restaurants elsewhere?|There are none in town. Shall I try another type of food?
how about lebanese instead?|There's actually a great Lebanese restaurant in that area, Ali Baba. Would you like me to book a table for you?
Yes, book the table for two. Also, make it a late dinner?|Okay, I will book the table for two at a moderate restaurant.
What do you have in the way of guesthouses in the north?|I have found 11 different guesthouses in the north. Were there any certain requirements you have in searching for a particular guesthouse?
Yes I would like it to be moderately priced.  Thank you.|There are 9 options that would suit those criteria, do you have any other things you need for your stay or would you like a recommendation?
Please provide a recommendation.|Well I can recommend the Acorn Guest House that is also rated 4 stars.
I think that would be great.  May I please book that guest house for 2 nights starting from Friday for 1 person?|The booking was successful for 2 nights at the Acorn Guest House for one person. Your Reference number is L55JCSVU. Do you need anything else?
Can you also look up the sitar tandoori restaurant?|i have their info, what would you like to know?
I need reservations for the same group of people at 17:00 on the same day.|Booking was successful! Your reference number is 6ZPBNFD5.
Great. You are so helpful. One more thing, I need a taxi to arrive at the restaurant by the booking time|I can help with that. Where would you be departing from?
I meant to say I need to commute between the hotel and the restaurant.|No problem.  I've got your taxi booked.  Anything else?
Can I have the contact number and car type?|Booking completed!
Booked car type	:	grey bmw
Contact number	:	07853122848
Can I help you with anythign else?
Great! Thank you so much!|I hope you have a very pleasant stay in our town!
I am looking for a restaurant serving Persian food in the expensive price range.|I'm sorry, there aren't any expensive Persian restaurants. Would you like me to check for a different type of food?
How about any restaurant in the centre?|There are 33 expensive restaurants in the center of town. Which cuisine type would you prefer?
I think I'd like to try Indian food, are there any of those in the center of town?|There are 6 restaurants that fit your request. Curry Garden, The Golden Curry, Saffron Brasserie, Panahar, Curry King, and Curry Queen.
Any of them would be fine.|Alright, shall I make a reservation for the Curry King?
Yes please, for 3 people t 15:30 on Friday. Thank you.|Okay done. The reference number for your table is BVK9XZPJ and it is only reserved for 15 minutes.
That's awesome. Thanks that's all i need!|You're welcome. Bon appetit!
I would like a restaurant that serves irish food|I am sorry, I can't find any restaurant serving irish food in this town. Do you have another type of food in your mind?
How about European food in any price range?|I found 10 restaurants. Do you have a specific area or price range in mind?
I don't care about the price as long as it's European. Can you recommend one?|cambridge lodge restaurant serves european food  in the expensive price range.
May I have their address and phone number please?|The address is Cambridge Lodge Hotel 139 Huntingdon Road City Centre and the phone number is 01223 355166.
Thank you, goodbye.|Thank you, goodbye.
I need an italian place in the moderate price range to eat at.|We have 5 options available that meet that criteria. Is there a specific area you would like?
Yes, I like you to tell me all 5 options,than I will decide!|OK, there are two Pizza Huts, two Pizza Expresses, and a Prezzo.
Are any of those options located in the centre of town?|Yes, both Pizza Express locations are in the centre. Would you like more information?
Choose one of them for me and let me know the phone number, address, and postcode please.|Sure, pizza express Regent Street City Centre cb21db, 01223324033. Would you like to book a table there?
I'll think about it, thank you. Could you reccommend a few attractions in the same area of town?|In the centre are the All Saints Church postcode cb58bs, the entrance is free. Also, the Great Saint Mary's Church postcode cb23pq entrance fee 2 pounds.
Please book a taxi between All Saints Church and pizza express, I'd like to leave the church by 21:45.|Okay your contact number is 07950726501
Your car is a grey bmw.
Okay that's all I need for now. Thank you.|Great! Thank you for using our services!
I'm looking for a place to dine in the centre of town that serves modern european food.|There are a total of 4 restaurants in the centre of Cambridge that serves modern european food. Is there a particular price range you would like?
Not really, but I have 8 people with me.|How about the De Luca Cucina and Bar? They're in the centre with a moderate price range.
That sounds perfect! Could you book me a table for friday at 18:00 for 8 people. Could you include the reference number also?|I have booked your table. Your reference is ZNVPVZD5. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, I also need a hotel, I am on a budget so if you could find a cheap one that would be great.|There are 9 guesthouses and 1 hotel that is cheap. Do you have any other criteria such as area?
Not really, I don't need free parking or anything. What is available?|I would recommend the Allenbell. Would you care to book a room there?
Yes, for 2 nights for 8 people starting on Friday.|I have booked you and your party for the Allenbell. Your reference number is TZ42QW4H. May I assist you with anything else?
That should be everything. Thank you for all of the assistance!|You are welcome, goodbye.
I am looking for directions to Jinling Noodle Bar, can you help me?|Yes certainly, Jinling noodle bar is located at 11 Peas Hill City Centre and the postcode is cb23pp. Would you like their phone number also?
No, but I need to book a table for 6 people at 12:30 on sunday.|Okay, booking was successful.  I got 6 people at Jinling Noodle for Sunday 12:30.   The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Your reference number is : 6LAC61CT
Thank you, I also want to book a train for the the same day, departing from Birmingham new street.|I would be more than happy to book that for you for 6. Your reference number is 0U3B4A3O
Thank you. I also want to book a train for the same day, departing from Birmingham New Street and arriving in Cambridge by 9:30.|Sure, I have two trains that arrive by 09:30, TR8730 arrives at 08:23, and TR9637 arrives at 09:23. Which would you like and for how many riders?
The 9:23 arrival is perfect timing! I need it for the same 6 people. Can I please get the reference number for that booking also?|The reference number is 0U3B4A3O. What else can I do for you?
I think that's all I need. Thank you!|Okay, have a great day and thank you for using Cambridge TownInfo centre.
I need a zero star hotel in Cambridge with wifi.|There is one hotel with your criteria. cityroomz in the centre. It is moderately priced. Would you like me to book it for you?
No, I actually need it in the north part of town.|I have no hotels that match what you want in the north area
I guess the Cityroomz in the centre would be fine then.  Does it include free wifi?|Yes, it includes wifi
Can we book it for 8 people starting saturday?|How many days will you be staying?
I'll be there for 5 nights.|Booking was sucessful! Your reference number is U87HN6I5.
I'm also looking for an inexpensive Italian restaurant in the same area.|I have the Da Vinci Pizzeria. It's a cheap restaurant in the north. Would you like me to help you reserve a table?
Yes please. For the same amount of people on the same day at 14:30.|You're all set for saturday at da vinci pizzeria at 14:30 for 8 people.  Is there anything else I can help you with?
Is there a reference number for the Pizzeria reservation?|yes your reference number is 98842, is there anything else I can help you with today?
No, that's all I needed. Thanks and bye!|Well, you're welcome!  And you have a great day!
I need a moderately priced restaurant in the centre.|Certainly! What type of cuisine would you like?
I would like sometthing International.|Okay, I recommend Bloomsbury restaurant. Would you like me to book a table?
Yes there will be 8 of us at 17:15 on Wednesday.|I was able to reserve you a table, they will only hold the table for 15 minutes. Your reference number is KNRFFO4K. Do you need anymore assistance today?
Can you help me find a train?|I can help find a train. I need to know where you are traveling from and to and what day and time you wish to travel.
I would like a train from Ely to Cambridge on Wednesday and I need to arrive before 10:45.|Train TR2704 would suit your needs. Can I book you a ticket?
No thank you. I'll just need the travel time and train ID, please?|The ID is TR2704 and the total travel time is 17 minutes.  Anything else?
No.  That will be all for now.  Thank you for your help.|Sure thing!  Enjoy your trip and your dinner.  Be sure to contact us for anything else you may need.
Hi there! I need some information on the Hamilton Lodge, please.|The Hamilton Lodge is at 156 chesterton road cb41da. Their phone number is 01223365664.
Ok thats the one.  Can I reserve a room for 8 people starting Saturday?  We will be there 4 nights.|Yes, I have booked a room for you. Your reference number is DCI7OE9W. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes can you help me find a restaurant? I'm looking for something expensive in the west.|Would you be interested in Indian Food?  Cocum is a great restaurant I'd recommend.
Sounds great, no need to book yet, I have to check with the real boss, my wife.  Can I get the postcode and address for now?|The postcode is cb30ah; and the address is 71 Castle Street City Centre. May I help with something else?
No. Thanks for all your help. Goodbye|You're very welcome. Have a great day!
I need a train leaving from leicester on thursday. Thanks.|There are 19 trains leaving Leicester Thursday. Where do you want to arrive?
I need to arrive in Cambridge|TR3839 ill cost you 37.80 pounds and will arrive 10:54. can we book?
Okay. Could you make me a booking for 2 people please?|Booking was successful, the total fee is 75.59 GBP payable at the station. Your reference number is UE7KA83C
Can you help me find a place to eat that is really cheap in the centre of town?|Okay, what type of food would you like to eat?
Just to make sure, TR3839 leaves after 10:00 correct?  I cannot leave before then. As far as cuisine type, Chinese sounds good.|Yes the train leaves at 10:54.  I would recommend Rice House at 88 Mill Road City Centre.  Would you like to make a reservation?
No thank you. I just need the postcode please.|The post code is cb12bd. Can I get you anything else?
yes I will be hungry i need a place to eat|rice house is a good place. Shall I book it ?
Sorry, I don't need a reservation. That's all I need, thanks so much for your help!|Thank you for using this service goodbye
Hello! I need to find a train leaving Wednesday.|There are 2,828 trains scheduled to travel on Wednesday. Where are you planning on departing from and where is your destination?
I need to go to Cambridge from bishops stortford on wednesday and arrive by 09:15.|I have found two different options that fit your request. Would you like to leave at 05:29 and arrive by 06:07 or leave at 07:29 and arrive by 08:07?
I need one that can fit three people. I need three tickets.|I can book for 3 people for either of those trains.  Is there one of the times you prefer?
I prefer to arrive by 08:07.  Can you suggest a cheap greek restaurant? I'd like a reservation for 3 people at 10:00.  Please provide reference numbers.|Yes I will book it for you and provide a reference number
Thank you. Once you provide me with the reference number that is all I need.|I'm sorry, but we don't have any Greek restaurants in town. Would you like to try a different type of cuisine?
I also like Asian Oriental.|I have 5 restaurants that are Asian Oriental, do you have an area preference?
I would like to be in the centre of town.|There are 3 in the town centre. Would you like cheap or moderately priced food?
Cheap price sounds good to me.|I booked it for Wednesday. Your reservation number is EQHAMTOB, is there anything else?
That's all I need for now. Thanks for the help.|You are most welcome, contact us if you need more assistance.
I want to visit the centre while I am here, what are some of the attractions available to me?|Our city centre is full of wonderful attractions! Is there a specific type you're interested in visiting?
I don't care.|We have 79 different attractions to choose from. Would you like to visit a museum?
Yes a museum sounds good,adress and phone number please|okay, there are 11 museums in the centre. I recommend Castle Galleries.
I also need a place to eat. It can be expensive and I would like the restaurant to serve Asian oriental food.|Sure, there's Saigon City in the north, how does that sound?
Yes, could you book that. Saturday, 3 people, 13:30.|You're all set. Your reference is VDXACZR1 and the table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Can you also book a taxi to commute between the two place?|Booking completed! The  car is a black honda and the contact number is 07396246163.
Thanks a lot. That does it for me. Goodbye.|Glad to be of help. Thank you for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Have a great day
I need a train from cambridge to go to london liverpool street|sure, what day are you traveling?
I will be traveling on Thursday.|Do you know what time you need to depart or arrive by so I can narrow the options?
I will be traveling on a Sunday, and I need to arrive by 14:30|You will be traveling on Thursday or Sunday? You've said both.
I should leave Cambridge on sunday and arrive in london liverpool street by 14:30. I need 4 tickets and a reference number.|TR5504 would arrive at 13:27, would that work?
Yes, that's perfect. I need tickets for 4 people, please.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 66.4 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : B8QZ32WO. Can I help with anything else?
Yes, i need to find a restaurant to visit in the centre of town. Preferably in the moderate price range.|There are 21 that fits your criteria. Which cuisine would you like, to help narrow your choices down?
It doesn't matter.|Yippee Noodle Bar meets your criteria, would you like their information?
Yeah, tell me the address for that restaurant and the type of food they serve|They are an Asian/Oriental restaurant, and are located at 40428 King Street City Centre. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
That is all that I need.|Thank you for using the Help Desk.  Have a great day!
I'm looking for a 4 star hotel to stay in.|What day would you like me to book a hotel?
Before I book, I'd like to make sure that it is a guesthouse with free parking. Do you have anything with those amenities?|yes. there are 16 options. Do you have a price point?
Anything works. Is there a 4 star guesthouse with both free parking and free wifi?|Acorn guest house is a 4-star guest house with free parking and free wifi. Would like me to book it for you?
Yes.  I need 6 rooms for 3 nights, starting saturday.|I was able to get you those 6 rooms. Your reservation number is HAG2VEZK. Is there anything else?
Yes, I'm also looking for a cheap place to eat that serves modern european food.|The river bar steakhouse and grill is available if that works for you?
Yes. Can you get us a table at 14:00 on Saturday?|How many people will be in your party?
It will be for the same amount, 6 people.|I was able to book The River Bar for 6 people at 14:00 on Saturday, reference number 79DX01Y4.  The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Awesome. How about a taxi between the two places?|I can certainly help with that. Are you looking for a ride from the restaurant back to the hotel? What time would you like to leave by?
No, I need it to get me at the hotel and have me to the restaurant by 14:00 for our reservation.  The pickup time doesn't really matter.|Booking completed! I have a red toyota picking you up. The contact number is 07956621045.  Is there anything else I can help with?
No, that covers everything.Thanks so much!|You're more than welcome!
I am looking for a cheap modern European restaurant. Can you help me?|The River Bar Steakhouse and Grill fits that description. Would you like me to book you?
Yes. 3 people at 13:00 on Thursday.|I will book that for you now.
Thank you! What's the reference number?|I have booked your table and the reference number is : A36LRSL9.
I am also looking for places to go where I can take a boat.|Yes I have places in the east, north and center. Any preference?
Preferably in the centre, I'll be staying in that area with some friends.|There is a place in the centre named Scudamores punting co where you can get a boat.  Would you like their phone number or address?
Yes, may I get the address, entrance fee and phone number please?|Yes, they are located at Granta Place, Mill Lane, postcode cb21rs.  You will have to call for an entrance fee, the phone number is 01223359750.
Thanks, that's all I needed today. Goodbye!|You're welcome. Call back if you need further assistance.
