I am planning a trip to town and want to sight see a bit. Can you let me know some attractions I may be interested in?|There are 79 attractions in the city. Do you have a specific type of attraction or specific area of the attraction that you are interested in?
I'd like something in the centre.|Great! How about All Saints Church? It has fantastic architecture and free entrance. Would you like more information?
Could I get the address for it? I would also like an expensive place to eat around it.|The address is Jesus Lane. What type of food would you like to eat?
I'm in the mood for Caribbean food.|Unfortunately, there are no expensive caribbean restaurants in that area. Would you like me to check a different type of cuisine, or another area?
Yes, I also love turkish food. Is there something in the center that's expensive? Also, what type of attraction is All Saints Church?|The Meze Bar Restaurant is an expensive Turkish restaurant in the city centre.  The All Saints Church is an architecture attraction.
Can I have the phone number, address and postcode for the restaurant please?|I don't have a phone number available, but the address is 196 Mill Road City Centre, postal code cb13nf. Anything else I can do for you?
Great that's all that I needed to know, thank you!|You're welcome, feel free to contact us about anything else you need.
I need to take a train out of Cambridge, I will be leaving town on Wednesday.|There are 5 trains out of Cambridge on Wednesday. Do you have a departure time in mind?
I'd like to go to peterborough and leave after 12:45, I have to attend a meeting beforehand.|TR1879 leaves at 13:06 on Wednesday.  Will that work for you?
What is the price of the fair and could you tell me what is the arrival time into Peterborough?|The price is 16.50 pounds and the train will arrive in Peterborough by 13:56 Wednesday.  Would you like me to book a ticket for you?
Yes, one ticket please, can I also get the reference number?|I booked you one seat on TR1879 departing Cambridge for Peterborough on Wednesday at 13:06, Reference: xu1qlhvw. Can I help further today?
I am also looking for a museum in centre. Could you give me the address, postcode and phone number of one?|The Broughton House Gallery is located at 98 King Street, postcode cb11ln. Their phone number is 01223314960. Is there anything else you need?
That's all I need right now. Thanks, you have been very helpful!|You're welcome, I hope you enjoy your time in Cambridge!
I was hoping to see local places while in cambridge. Some entertainment would be great.|i got 5 options. which side is okay for you?
It doesn't matter.  Can I have the address of a good one?|How about funky fun house, they are located at 8 mercers row, mercers row industrial estate.
Could i also get the phone number and postcode?|Sure. The phone number is 01223304705, and the postcode is cb58hy. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Yes, I need a restuarant. I want something on the south side. Expensive.|Trer are many. What kind of food would you like ?
Indian food is my favorite! What's the address for the best one?|Unfortunately, there aren't any Indian restaurants in the south side of town, would you like me to look in other areas?
Could you check one more time? Restaurant in the south part of town, expensive, that serves Indian food?|I'm sorry there doesn't seem to be any expensive Indian restaurants to the south.
Can you check again for a 3rd time? I really want to eat Indian food.|Please stop asking to check for the same thing. I have said there is none in the south try a different area.
Do you have any Indian restaurants in the south in a different price range?|Hi this is the supervisor. I apologize for the attitude of our staff. We do have taj tandoori, and expensive Indian restaurant in the South. Would you like me to book?
Thank you. May I have the address?|The address is 64 Cherry Hinton Road Cherry Hinton. Can i help you with anything else today?
That's all I need, thanks so much for all of your help! Have a great day!|you are welcome
Also, thanks for the apology. I don't need anything else at this time.|Have a great day. good bye.
I'm looking for a college type attraction.|There are 18 colleges I have found, would you prefer one in town centre or in the west?
I would like to visit on in town centre please.|Sure, we have thirteen options, 10 of which are free. May I suggest king's college, or hughes hall?
Okay, may I have their postcode, entrance fee, and phone number?|Sure, the post code to king's college is cb21st, the entrance fee is free, and phone number 01223331100
Can you find an Indian restaurant for me that is also in the town centre?|Cambridge has 9 options for Indian food in the centre, do you have a specific price range?
Can I get the postcode, price range, and phone number of one?|The first result is Curry Garden, postcode is cb21dp, price range is expensive, phone number is 01223302330. Would you like me to reserve a table for you?
No thank you, I'll just give them a call. That's all I needed for now.|Thank you for choosing Cambridge TownInfo Centre. Have a wonderful day!
Hi, can you give me some information on places to stay for my upcoming trip?|Certainly, we have many fine guest houses and hotels in Cambridge. Is there anything specific you were looking for, to help narrow it down?
I'm looking for a 2 star hotel with free wifi.|Thanks for that information. What area are you looking to stay in?
The area doesn't matter I would like an expensive hotel if you can find one.|The express by holiday inn cambridge is located in the east and meet your criteria.  Shall I book you a room?
Yes, please book me a room for friday.|For how many people?
I need it for 2 people please.|And how many nights?
5 nights please. And I would need the reference number also.|Your room at the Express by Holiday Inn Cambridge is all set up for Friday. The reference is 7F6ZIHSZ. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Thank you! I am also looking for a place to go in town. I'm thinking a college in the centre.|Christ's College is located in the centre at saint andrew's street.
Can I please get their phone number and postcode?|Their phone number is 01223334900. The postcode is cb23bu.
Thanks! I'm going to hanging out at the college late tonight, could you get me a taxi back to the hotel at 2:45?|Okay I've got a white Honda booked for you to pick you up at 2:45 and take you back to your hotel, their number is 07078899267
Thank you. That is all I need.|I hope you enjoy your time in Cambridge!
Greetings, I need a train leaving on Saturday after 19:45.|There is a train leaving out of cambridge on saturday at 21:00 for 18.88 punds.
Is it going to broxbourne?  That is where I am heading.|Actually yes! TR5975 leaves from broxbourne at 21:01. It's 14.32 pounds. Does that work?
Yes, that works just fine, can you please book me a reservation?|Of course, how many tickets would you like me to book?
Just one, please. I'm also looking for colleges in the centre of town.|Your train has been booked with ref. num. WIDHBP94. Sure, information on colleges: There are 13 in the central district; do you want one with free entry? Religious or secular?
I just am looking for one in the centre, can I get the phone number of one?|Yes. Downing college is free and the phone number is 01223334860.
Ok, thank you, that will be all I need for now.|You are very welcome. Have a safe trip!
I need to go from Cambridge to Peterbourgh Saturday.|Tr7310 is leaving from cambridge at 05:06 and arriving at peterborough at 05:56 for 13.20
I'm sorry. The train needs to going to Cambridge from Peterborough.|Sorry about that,what time would you like to depart?
I would like to leave after 18:15.  Also, I would like to know the fare.|TR4005 departs Peterborough at 18:19 and arrives in Cambridge at 19:09. Total travel time is 50 minutes, and the fare is 13.20 GBP per person.
Great, thank you. Now, I need some information on college I can visit in the centre of town.|I have located several colleges in the area that have entrance fees ranging from free to 2 pounds. Is there a particular one you would like to visit?
I don't have one in particular. Can you give me a few examples?|Sure I have Corpus Christi in the city centre and Christ's College, which is very famous in the centre.
Can I get the address of Corpus Christi?|The address is king's parade, is there anything else I can do?
No thank you. Thank you for your help.|You're welcome.  I hope you enjoy your visit!  Goodbye.
I need to find a train that leaves on Saturday and arrives by 08:45|Can you tell me what your departure city and destination are?
I'll be leaving Cambridge to get to Ely.|TR5344 arrives by 7:50. Does that work for you?
Yes, can you book that for 7?|Booking was successful, the total fee is 24.64 GBP payable at the station, you reference number is NUECBTHH. Will that be all?
Are there anything fun to do in city centre?|My favorite attraction in the centre of the city is a concert hall called Man on the Moon. It is amazing! They are at 2 Norfolk Street.
what is their postcode?|cb12lf. Is there anything else you need?
That's it.  Thank you.|You're very welcome! Have a great day!
I'm looking for a place to stay in the north part of town.|How about arbury lodge guesthouse? Moderate price range, 4 stars. Free parking and wifi.
That sounds like a great place to stay. Thank you for your help!|Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yeah, could you book me a room for 2 people for 4 nights starting Tuesday?|Your reference number is 91WNH1R1. For the arbury lodge guesthouse, starting tuesday for 2 nights, and 4 guests. Can I assist with anything else?
I am also looking to visit a museum, it would need to be in the west.|There are 7 museums in the west. Some have entrance fees and others do not. Do you have a preference?
I have no preference, I just need to know how much the entrance fee is.|Cambridge and County folk museum has an entrance fee of 3.50 pounds. All the other museums are free. Is there anything else?
That's all I needed for today! Thanks a bunch! Bye!!|Goodbye, have a great day
I am seeking a restaurant that serves British food in the centre.|I have about 7 different options for you. Do you have a certain price range in mind?
I'd like a moderately priced one.|There are 4 restaurants that match that criteria which are Restaurant One Seven, The Oak Bistro, The Copper Kettle, and Cotto. Which one would you be interested in?
I would like the oak bistro.|Great choice.  It is at 6 Lensfield Road.  Would you like a reservation?
Yes, table for 2 at 13:30 on Friday. If not available then Tuesday. Need reference number as well.|I made the booking for Friday. Your reference number is 0Z3UX3DM. Do you need anything else?
I'd also like a nightclub to go to in the same area as the restaurant.|There are 5 nighclubs in the centre. Would you like more information on them?
Yes can I get the phone number of one you'd recommend?|ballare's phone number is 01223364222. Can I get you anything else?
No, we are all set, thanks for making this trip easier.|It was my pleasure to be of service. Goodbye.
i need to eat australian food in a place that is expensive|Unfortunately, I am not able to find any Australian cuisine in Cambridge? Can I look up another type of restaurant for you?
Are you sure there are no restaurants that serve Australian food in the north that has an expensive price range?|No, I apologize there are no Australian restaurants in Cambridge. Would you like to try another type of cuisine?
Hmm, I'll try asian oriental instead.|saigon city is one of the best places in town. Shall I book it for you ?
Yes, please book it for me.|What day and time should I make the reservation for? How many people?
Let's make it for six people at 15:00 on saturday.|Booking was successful. The reference number is 30D245LZ. Anything else I can do?
Thank you! Now I need some suggestions on places to go in that same area of town.|Would you like to go to milton country park? They are located in the north and the entrance fee is free.
Sure.  What is their postcode and phone number?|The postcode is cb46az. The phone number is 01223420060. Can I help you with anything else?
That all thank you very much for all your help.|you are very welcome. thank you for using our system.
I'm looking for a place to stay that has a star of 4 and free parking.|I have located the Acorn Guest house in the North Area. It has a 4 star rating and free parking. Would you like to to book a room?
No, sorry. I'm looking for a hotel in the centre, not north.|I have a guest house that is in the cheap price range and a hotel in the expensive. Would you like to book at one of them?
what is the address and price range|The University Arms Hotel is in the centre and is in the expensive price range. Would you like me to book a room?
No, but I do need the address and postcode.|Certainly, the address is regent street and the can be reached at 01223351241, can I assist with anything else?
I'm also looking for a college in the same area.|I have 13 colleges in that area.   Would you prefer one with an entrance fee or without?
How about one with free entrance. May I have their address and postcode, please?|Downing College is a real sleeper and they have no entrance fee. Their address is on Regent Street, postcode cb21dq. Need any other help today?
No that will be everything, thank you!|You're welcome. Have a wonderful day. Good bye.
I'm looking for some attractions in the centre.|What type of attraction are you looking for?
Parks for kids or a water slide|There is Parkside pools in the Centre. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
I need the entrance fee, phone number, and postcode.|Sure,the phone number is 01223446100 and the post code is cb11ly,and my records do not show what the entrance fee is.
Thank you, can you also help me find a restaurant that is in the same area as the Parkside pools?|We have several food options in city centre. Can you tell me a bit more about the type of restaurant you enjoy?
I am open to all types of food as long as it's in the  moderate price range.|I've found several restaurants that are located in the Centre with a moderate price range. May I recommend a British restaurant called the Oak Bistro?
That sounds great. Can you book that for Tuesday at 12:00?|How many people will be in your party?
There are 6 people|The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Reference number is : EJAOP5QE.
Thanks for your help!|You are quite welcome. Is there anything else I can assist with today?
No that will be all. Thanks!|I hope you enjoy your time in Cambridge. Goodbye!
Where are some places in town around Cambridge College?|Please specify the type of attraction you're interested in.
A college type of attraction.|I found several college type attractions.  Do you prefer a certain area of town?
I don't have a preference. Can you suggest something?|I sure can.  Corpus Christi is one of the most popular ones.
That sounds great! May I have the address? Also, what part of town is it located in?|The address is King's Parade and it is in the Centre of town.  Is there anything else you need to know?
I am also looking for a particular restaurant.  Have you heard of Thanh Binh?|Yes I have. It's a great inexpensive restaurant. Would you like their information?
Could I actually just book a table for 7 there?|Sure thing. I will work on getting this booked for you.
I'd like to dine at 13:30 on Sunday please.|Reservations for 7 at the Thanh Binh has been made for Sunday at 13:30.  The address is 17 Magdalene Street City Centre postcode is CB30af.
Hi! I am looking for a train that arrives by 11:30 on Friday.|I have 122 trains that are arriving by 11:30. Do you know where the train is coming from?
The train should depart from Bishops Stortford and should go to Cambridge.|TR2083 leaves Bishops Stortford at 09:29 on Friday and arrives in Cambridge at 10:07.  Would you like to purchase tickets?
Yes please.  I will need 5 seats.|Ok, your booking is complete! The total is 50.5 GBP and is payable at the station.  Your confirmation number is RGOWFL51
Great.  I am also looking for suggestions on places to go in the centre of town.  Can you help me with that?|I show 44 attractions in  the centre area.   Is there a specific type you would prefer?
Do you have any multiple sports?|There are no attractions matching that description. Would you like me to search for parks in the area?
Do you have any architecture attractions|Yes many. All Saints Church is a famous one with no entrance fee.
That sounds great, plus it's free. Can I book that for 5 please?|Attractions are one thing we can't book for you, unfortunately. Is there anything else you need today?
Can you please give me the phone number and post code for All Saints Church then?|All Saints Church phone is 01223452587. Their postcode is cb58bs. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
That should be all I need.  Thanks for your help.|You're welcome. Have a great time!
Hello, I am looking for a hotel in the south that is moderately priced.|I can't find any hotels, but I did find a guesthouse called aylesbray lodge guest house with that criteria.
I'd prefer a hotel.  It should have a 4 star rating.  Can you check again, please?|Unfortunately all we have is the aylesbray lodge guest house
Okay, do you have any hotels with a 3 star rating instead?|There's one with 3 stars - Bridge Guest House. It's in the south and is moderately priced, and they have free wifi and parking. Would you like to book a room?
I guess that's fine, book it for 6 people for 2 nights, We'll be there on thursday.|I was able to book your party of 6 into Bridge Guest House for 2 nights starting Thursday! Reference: GAAQJAQQ. Can I help more today?
Yes, I'm also looking for info on Wandlebury Country Park.|Wandlebury Country Park is located at wandlebury ring, gog magog hills, babraham. Is there any other information you need today?
Can you give me their phone number please?|The phone number for Wandlebury Country Park is 01223243830. Do you any further assistance today?
thanks. i want to leave the hotel by 24:45.|Do you mean that you want to book a taxi? If so, what will your destination be?
Yes I do. I want to leave the hotel by 24:45 to go to the park.|Your taxi will be available and has been booked.
Wonderful.  Can you provide me with the contact number?  Also, what kind of car is it?|Of course, sorry about that.  Look for a red Lexus.  The contact number is 07951076280.  Can I be of further assistance today?
Nope, that's it. Thanks!|Very please to have been of assistance today.
Can you please help me find a place to go?|I've found 79 places for you to go. Do you have any specific ideas in mind?
I'd like a sports place in the centre please.|There are no results matching your query. Can I try a different area or type?
Okay, are there any cinemas in the centre?|we have vue cinema
Okay that will work. Can you please tell me their phone number, postcode and the entrance fee?|Vue can be reached at 08712240240, the postcode is CB11PS.  I do not have entrance fee information, I'm sorry.
No worries, I'll give them a call and find out. Thanks so much for all your help, goodbye.|You're welcome. Good Bye
I'm looking for a hotel called the Leverton house. Can you help me find it?|Sure. It's located at 732-734 Newmarket Road. Can I help you with anything else?
Yes. I would like to book it for four nights, starting Sunday. Five people.|Will you be needed a reference number for the booking?
Yes, please give me the reference number.|Booking was successful! Your reference number is. PIKSVFZT
I am also looking for places to go in town.  Maybe something in the south.|There are several places to go in the south.  Are you interested in cinema, entertainment, musuem, a nightclub, or perhaps something else.
How about a cinema?|Cineworld Cinema is a great place to visit. It's located on the south side at cambridge leisure park, clifton way. Is there anything else i can help you with?
Does it have an entrance fee?|That information is not available to me. The phone number is 00872208000.
Okay I also need a taxi that will leave the attraction by 08:45.|The car will be a yellow toyota and their number is 07865026456, is there anything else you need?
No, I think that will be all. Thank you for your help!|Thanks and enjoy your time !
Thank you very much.|You're welcome. Have a great day!
I am looking for a restaurant in the centre of town in the moderate price range.|Where you interested in any particular type of cuisine? I have some restaurants like that including: Indian, Chinese, and Italian. Do you have a preference?
Do you have south indian food? That sounds really good.|There are no south indian food places, shall I run another search?
Can you try British food instead?|I found 4 restaurants that meet your criteria. I recommend either the oak bistro or cotto
Okay, can you book a reservation at the Oak Bistro please? I need it to be for 4 people on Thursday at 15:15.|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.Reference number is : LFQBM18L.
I also need a place to go in the centre.|We have many types of attractions in the center, including parks and churches. Do you have a preference?
Are there any boating attractions in the centre of town?|Scudamores punting co and the cambridge punter are both boat attractions in the centre of town. Do you have a preference?
Which ever one you recommend will work. I need the phone number, entrance fee and postcode please.|There is no entrance fee information listed for either attraction unfortunately. But overall I recommend the cambridge punter. Their postcode is cb41as and phone number is 07807718591.
Thank you. I have all I need. Goodnight.|Thank you for contacting us and have a nice day.
Hi, I am planning a trip and need some help with a particular attraction.|Ok.  What type of attraction are you interested in?
I believe the name is Clare Hall, do you have the address and phone number?|Clare hall is located on herschel road and their phone number is 01223332360
That's it, thank you. I'm also looking for info on trains that leave Bishops Stortford on Thursday.|I have ten trains that match that description. Where will you be travelling to?
I'll be traveling to Cambridge and would prefer to leave after 08:45|Train TR0798 leaves Bishop Stortford at 9:29 and arrives in Cambridge at 10:07. Would you like me to make a reservation?
No, I can do that after I discuss it with my boss.  Thanks for your help with everything today.  Goodbye.|Glad I could help!
I am looking for an attraction called King's College.|Ah yes, King's College is in centre of town. The address is King's Parace and phone 01223331100.
Thank you very much.  Can you give me the postcode?|The postcode is cb21st.
I also need a place to stay.|I can help you with that. Would you like a guesthouse or hotel?
I would like a hotel with 4-stars.  Also, an expensive one.|There is one hotel matching your criteria. It is University Arms Hotel, it is expensive with a four star rating and both free internet and parking. Do you need more information?
No that will be all the info I need thank you.|Okay! Have a great trip! Bye!
I'm looking to visit the Lynne Strover Gallery.|Certainly, lynne strover gallery 23 high street, fen ditton, phone 01223295264 free to enter. Any other questions I can answer?
That sounds fantastic! Thank you!|Anything else I can look up for you?
Yes, what is the entrance fee and could you find me a restaurant in the moderate price range located in the centre town?|It is free to enter, and would you like to eat at The Oak Bistro located at 6 Lensfield Road?
Do they serve Christmas food?|No, I'm sorry, the serve British style cuisine. Are you still interested?
Not in British food.  Are there any that serve Italian food?|There is the pizza express and the pizza express Fed Ditton.  Would you like to book either one of these?
Could you just give me the number for pizza express.|The number is 01223324033, is there anything else I can do?
That is all. Thanks for your help.|Not a problem! I was glad to be of service. Thank you and have a great day!
I'm looking for information on Saint John's College.|Yes St John's college is located at 	saint john's street and their telephone number is 01223338600. It costs 2.50 pounds to enter. Anything else?
Can you tell me what area it is located in?|Yes St John's is located in the city center.
I need the address and entrance fee as well. Also can you help me find a hotel with free parking in the moderate price range?|The address for St.Johns is St.John's St.,postcode cb21tp. There is an entrance fee of 2.50P. You have 14 choices of hotels, is there a specific area you prefer?
I'm not concerned about the area, but I'd like it to include free parking and wifi and have a 3 star rating please.|Bridge Guest House meets those criteria. It is located in the south. Would you like for me to book it for you?
That won't be necessary. I just need the address.|The address is 151 Hills Road. Anything else I can do for you?
I'd like to book a taxi between Saint John's College and the hotel, leaving the hotel at 4:15.|Okay, I've booked a taxi for you at 4:15pm at the Bridge Guest House.  It will be a black Volkswagen. The number is 07240037071. Anything else I can help with?
That's literally every thing I needed today. You've been amazing, thank you so much!|Have a safe trip!
I am looking for a hotel call arbury lodge guesthouse.|Arbury Lodge Guesthouse is located at 82 Arbury Road in the north side of Cambridge. Do you need more information or would you like to book a room?
I would like to book it for 4 nights for 4 people please.|Will you be needing a reference number?
Yes please, a reference number would be great!|Okay, I can help you with that. What day do you plan to check in?
i want to check in on tuesday|Your booking was successful. Reference number is : OE6IHAT2. Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
Yes, i am looking for colleges to visit on the west side of town.|There are five. Three that are free, and two that have an entrance fee.
Get me a phone number for one that is close to the hotel and is free.|Well then should I search for a college in the north instead, if you want it close to your hotel?
Make sure you get contact number and i'll be there as soon thank you|I'm sorry for the confusion, which college do you want a contact number for?
that's okay, give me the number for the college closest to the hotel and is free, may I know the address as well?|There are not any colleges located in the north actually.
none in the west, I talked so someone earlier|None in the north 5 in the west, I personally recommend churchill college entrance is free, any further questions?
Could you give me the address and phone number?|Their address is storey's way	and their phone is 01223336233. Is there anything else I can do for you today?
I also want to book a taxi to commute between the two places.|Which will be your departure site? What time do you want to leave or to arrive?
I will need to be picked up at the hotel by 4:45 to arrive at the college on tuesday.|All set, the car is a white volvo, Contact number is 07321652724, any other questions?
No I believe we got everything covered today.Thanks. Goodbye.|Happy to help. Please let us know if you need anything else.
I'm looking for a guesthouse in the centre of town. Can you find one for me?|El Shaddai is located at 41 Warkworth Street. They offer free internet and parking.
How many stars does El Shaddai have, I'm looking for a place that is at least a 3 star location?|El shaddai has 0, but alexander bed and breakfast has a 4 star rating.
It's really important to me to have 3 stars, no more, no less. Are there any hotels that match that description?|The Gonville Hotel is a hotel, not a guest house, but it has 3 stars and is in the city centre. Will that work for you?
That will work. Can you make a reservation for 8 people, please?|Yes, what dates would you like me to reserve that for?
Starting Sunday and for 3 nights please.|How many people will be staying at the hotel?
For 8 people please. Can I also get the reference number?|Yes I am happy to say I was able to book that hotel for you. The reference number is KVV2ZTNK.
Great, I'm also looking for something to do in that same area. What is available?|There are many attractions in the centre area, are you interested in architecture, museums, parks, nightclubs, swimming pools?
Just surprise me with something.|The all saints church is a terrific site for architecture buffs.  It's on Jesus Land and has free admission.
Can you tell me their postcode?|The post code is cb58bs. Can I help you with anything else today?
Yes, could you book a taxi for me?  I'd like to leave The Gonville Hotel by 24:00, going to All Saints Church.|Sure, I've booked a red honda for you. Its contact number is 07371414690.
Thank you, you have been very helpful. I think that is all I need.|You are welcome, enjoy the church. Goodbye.
I am going out of town from Cambridge on tuesday and need to take a train, can you help me?|Absolutely. Where are you heading to?
I am going to ely|Ok, did you have a certain time you wanted to leave after or arrive in Ely?
I would like to leave after 19:15 please.|for how many ?
for 2 people, please|Booking was successful,  .Reference number is : G02V81W6. The train ID is TR5511, it leaves at 19:50
I'm also looking for a college in the west. Can you recommend one?|There are 5. 3 are free, and 2 cost 2.50 Pounds to visit. What do you prefer?
How about one of the free ones? Give me the address and phone number.|Churchill College is located on Storey's Way. The phone number is 01223336233. Is there anything else I can do for you today?
No, I think that is everything I can think of.  Thanks for your help!|Thank you enjoy the rest of your day.
Can you help me find information on saint john's college?|Saint John's College is in the Centre of town on Saint John's Street. The entrance fee is 2.50 Pounds. Can I help you with anything else?
Is there an exact address, like a street number? Thanks!|It is on Saint John's Street, though it doesn't have an exact street number. Is there anything else you would like to know?
Yes, I'm also looking for a train that leaves on Friday after 11:15.|Where will you be departing from, and what is your destination?
cambridge is my destination and from leicester|The TR3877 leaves at 12:09 on Friday. Would you like me to book it for you?
Yes, can you book it for 1 person, please?|It has been booked. Your total fee is 37.79 GBP, which is payable at the station. Your reference number is 2X743C2D.
Great.  Thanks for all your help!|You're welcome. Have a good day!
Hey, I was wondering if there are any multiple sports venues on the west side?|Not on the west side, no. There is on multiple sports venue in Cambridge, and it's in the east.
How about a college to visit instead?|We have 5 colleges to visit on the west side. Churchill College is a nice one, and it's free to enter.
Can I have the address and postcode of Churchill College and entrance fee?|Sure thing, the address of Churchill College is Storey's Way, postcode cb30ds.  Is there anything else I can help you with today?
I also need a train on Tuesday departing from Broxbourne.|What time did you want to travel?
Leaving anytime after 17:45 please.|What time would you like to arrive by?
The earlier the better, so whichever train leaves closest to 17:45|The closest train is TR8653, it leaves at 18:32, shall I book you?
what is its arrival time and how long will it take?|The arrival time for TR8653 is 19:32 and the travel time is 60 minutes.
If there isn't anything earlier that is close to 17:45 I will take the train at 18:32.|No, there is not anything earlier than 18:32.  How many tickets do you want to purchase?
I need a hotel close to downtown Cambridge please.|I assume you mean the center of town? We have many hotels in Cambridge covering all price ranges.
I'm sorry, I wasn't thinking clearly. I'm looking for a place in the West. I need free wifi as well, please.|There are four places to stay in the west that provide internet. What price range would you prefer?
I don't care about the price range, but do you have one that is a guesthouse?|Yes, there are two when will you need the room?
Does one of those two have free parking? If so, I'll book it for 4 people for 5 nights starting Friday.|They both have free parking and internet.  Would you prefer cheap or moderate priced?
I don't mind cheap as long as it's still reasonably nice.|I recommend Finches Bed & Breakfast. It's cheap, but still 4 stars. Would you like a reservation?
I need to book 4 people for 5 nights starting friday please|I'm sorry, but I wasn't able to book for 5 nights.  Would you be able to stay a different day, or for a shorter stay?
Can you try just one night?|Your booking was successful with a reference number EGRKXU88. Do you need anything else?
Yes, I'm also looking for a museum in the centre of town.|How about the Broughton House Gallery?
Okay can you provide me with their address, phone number and postcode please?|Sure.  The phone number is 01223314960 and it's located at 98 King Street at CB11LN.
Thank you so much for all your help!|You are very welcome. Can I help you with anything else?
No, that is all the help I will need today.|It was a pleasure assisting you. Have a good evening.
Someone told me about a place called Old Schools. It's supposed to be some kind of attraction. Can you tell me anything about it?|Old schools is an architecture museum in the centre area.  The admission is free.  Would you like tickets?
Yes, please. That would be great.|I just checked and it is free. The address is trinity lane and the phone number is 01223332320.  Can I help you with anything else?
No, that is all for today. Thanks so much!|You're welcome!  Have a great day!
I'm looking for an expensive restaurant in the centre please.|There are about 33 different restaurants to choose from. What type of food are you interested in trying?
I think Chinese sounds good, are there any of those in the centre?|Yes. I have four places that are Chinese food. Would you like to book one?
yes please, book a table for 8 people at 19:30 on thursday|I have booked the Ugly Duckling at 12 St. Johns Street City Centre. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Reference number is : BVC8A9MP.
I am also trying to find places to go for entertainment. Can you please help me?|Certainly. There are; Cherry Hinton Hall and Grounds, Funky Fun House, Nusha, Tenpin and Whale of a Time. Could I book any of those for you?
Could you give me the area, address, and entrance fee fo the Funky Fun House?|It is in the east area and the address is 8 mercers row, mercers row industrial estate. I don't know the entrance fee but their number is 01223304705. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I'm actually all set now, thanks so much! Take care now!|Okay, have a great time in Cambridge!
I need to book a train for Friday please.|Great. Where are you headed?
I am going to Cambridge. I would like to arrive in the afternoon, please.|Where are you departing from?
There are two of us departing from kings lynn and we need to arrive by 16:45. Can you book it for 2 people and send me the reference number?|I booked TR5331 for you. Your reference is GPFBA8K5.
Can I also get information on king's college.|Of course. King's College has a free entrance fee and is in the centre of town
What is the address?|adress is Kings Parade
Hello, I'm looking for the museum of classical archaeology, could you tell me more about it?|Certainly, the museum of classical archaeology is located at sidgwick avenue and has free entrance, phone 01223335153. Do you also need the postcode?
Yes, I'd like that. Thank you so much!|The postcode for the Museum of Classical Archaeology is cb39da. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, you've been very helpful.  Thank you.  Bye.|You're welcome. Goodbye.
Can you tell me which museums I can go to in Cambridge?|You are free to choose whichever one you want.  There are 23 choices, is there a preference by area?
The area doesn't matter, but I do need to know the entrance fee.|There are so many. In order to narrow it down, do you want something with free admission. And are you open to a suggestion?
It doesn't matter. Can you just recommend one and tell me the entrance fee?|Cafe jello gallery has a free admission.
Thank you. What's the area for the Cafe Jello Gallery?|That one is located in the west.
Alright, can you find me a train to Leicester on Tuesday after 20:15?|ok you are set
What is the train ID you found?|I'm sorry, my mind is not all there today. I have not found a train for you yet. Where are you departing from?
I am leaving from Cambridge and going to Leicester.|There are 4 trains that depart Cambridge for Leicester after 20:15. The first one leaves at 20:21, and they run every hour.
Please pick the earliest one and give me the following info about them: travel time, train ID, and arrival time|TR0378 arrives at 22:06. The travel time is 105 minutes. Can I help you with anything else?
No, thank you. I believe that is all I need today.|You are welcome. Thank you for getting in touch with Cambridge TownInfo Centre. Goodbye.
Hello, I'm trying to find info about a particular attraction in town called adc theatre. Can you help me?|Yes I can help you,I have locate adc theater do you want  the address?
Yes please, including the postcode.  Is there an entrance fee?|Their contact number is 01223300085. It does not look like there is an entrance fee but I would call just to be sure.
Thanks! I also need a 4-star place to stay that has free parking.|I have found 5 matches that meet your criteria. How about the acorn guest house?
Sounds great,and I will take it!|Would you like for me to try and make a reservation?
On second thought, I'm actually looking for a hotel.  Same criteria, but it needs to be in the moderate price range.|Acorn guest house is a great fit! Want more info?
What area is it in?|Acorn Guest House is at 154 Chesterton Road. Would you like more info, or would you like to go ahead and book it?
Do you know the area the hotel is located in?|acorn guest house is in the North of town. Is there anything else?
I need a train going to cambridge.|Absolutely! What day and time would you like to leave?
On Thursday any time after 21:00.|Where will you be departing from?
I will departing from birmingham new street.|I would recommend TR7324 which leaves Birmingham New Street at 21:40 and arrives at Cambridge at 24:23.
Yes can you book that for 1 person?|Your booking for one ticket is complete. Your reference number is VEG5Q87Q and 75.09GBP will be due at the station.
I am also looking for a attraction called old schools.|Yes, Old Schools is located in the centre area, and has no entrance fee. Anything else I can assist you with?
Yes.  What is the phone number?|Their phone number is 01223332320. Do you need anything else?
Yes, what is their entrance fee and attraction type?  Thanks!|It is free to enter and type is architecture. May I help you with anything else?
No, you have been very helpful today, thank you.  I am all set.  Goodbye.|Thank you for using our service!
Can you help me find a concert hall?|There is one concert hall in town, The Man on the Moon, located at 2 norfolk street in the centre of town. Do you need more information?
I need a concerthall on the west area of town.|I am sorry I have only one listing for the city center. Would you consider other attractions?
Yes, I would consider a museum.|great, there are 7 museums in the west.
Can you make a recommendation and please provide the entrance fee, phone number, and postcode.|Cafe Jello Gallery Phone is o12233289438 and is on 13 Madalene treet
I have to get to cambridge from london kings cross for a family matter, can you help me book a train?|Yes, I can help. What day do you need to leave?
I would like to leave on Sunday.|Is there a certain time you want to leave after or arrive by?
I would like to leave after 17;15 on sunday.|TR1681 leaves at 19:17 and arrives 51 minutes later. How is that?
Perfect. I'll need 2 tickets.|I will book that for you now.
Great, can you give me the reference number. Also can you give me some information on emmanuel college please?|Your reference number is : TD9C5XQU.  What else can I do for you today?
Can you give me the phone number, entrance fee, and address of emmanuel college, please?|The phone number is 01223334200.  I can also tell you that there is no entrance fee and its located in centre on saint andrew's street.
I am looking for a fun attraction to go to in the north. Do you have any recommendations?|I have 4 attractions located in the north. 2 are swimming pools. There is also a boating attraction and a park. Which would you prefer?
I want the boating one.  What is the entrance fee for that?|The entrance fee for that is unknown according to our system. Is there anything else I can help you with?
maybe if you can get me the address. i also  want a restaurant in the same place which serves indian food.|The address is Cambridge passenger cruisers, jubilee house. Postcode cb43ax.  There are two indian restaurants in the North, one is moderately priced the other is cheap.
Can I reserve a table for two at the moderately priced Indian restaurant?|What day and time would you like those reservations?
I need them for 2 people at 12:45 on Thursday.|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.Reference number is : MDKCBM4S.
Thanks for the reservation. I also need a taxi from the  passenger cruisers to arrive at the Indian restaurant by the booked 12:45 time, please.|Okay. I have booked a taxi to pick you up at Riverboat Georgina and take you to The Nirala by 12:45. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
It would be nice if you would tell me the car type and it's contact number.|Of course, sorry about that oversight. The car is a red Volvo, and their contact number is 07988242006. Is there anything else you need help with?
That's alright. Thanks so much. I've got nothing more today. Bye!|I'm glad I could help.
I'm looking for some moderately priced accommodations for my visit. Can you help me with that?|Absolutely! Is there a specific area of town you're interested in?
No, but I'd like to stay in a 4 star hotel that offers free parking.|We have nine moderately priced, 4 star guesthouses with free parking. Does location matter?
No, but are there any that are less expensive?|Yes there are 8 cheap guesthouses that have both free parking and internet. Would you like me to book you one of those?
I'm sorry, I actually prefer a hotel rather than a guest house. Are there any moderately priced 4 star hotels?|All the hotels are booked.
Are there any cheap hotels?|I found the cambridge belfry lcoated at back lane, cambourne.  Would you like me to book you there?
That sounds fine, I just need the postcode though.|The postcode for The Cambridge Belfry is cb236bw.
Thank you, can you also tell me about places to go in the centre?|Sure, what are you interested in?
Anything is fine as long as it is in the centre.|I'm not sure what I need to get you?
How about a college to visit?|The centre is filled with colleges, 13 in total. I recommend emmauel college located on Saint Andrew's Street it is free to visit.
Great! Can you get me their phone number and postcode?|Postal code is cb23ap, phone number is 01223334200, any other questions today?
That is all I need. Thank you.|Thank you for calling.
Yes, I am traveling to cambridge and would like to know about museums in the area.|is there a certain area of town you would prefer?
No, there isn't. Could you recommend one?|I suggest the broughton house gallery. Is there anything else I could help you with?
Yes I am looking for a hotel named El Shaddai.|I have a listing for that. Would you like to book you a room?
I would like the address, whether they have internet, and phone number, please.|The address is 41 warkworth street, phone number 01223327978. Yes, they offer free WiFi to guests.
Thank you so much for this information.|Is there anything else I can help you with today?
That's all for now, thank you.|Great thank you.  Have a good day!
I want an expensive restaurant located in the centre.|i have booked you the indian serving restaurant called the golden curry
sorry but i wanted the americas food.|I'm sorry, I don't have any restaurants serving american food in the centre. Would you like to try another type?
Hmmm, okay, I'm craving Thai food so find me a restaurant that serves that|I have one listing for bangkok city does that sound good to you?
Yes, please. Make me a reservation for 4 people at 13:30 on thursday, please.|Booking is set, the reference number is P05U7TA8. Any further questions?
I need places to go in the same area.|What ype of attraction are you looking for?
I don't have a preference. Do you have any suggestions of stuff near the restaurant?|How about the All Saint's Church? Admission is free.
Thank you so much, I need a taxi from the church to the restaurant, I want to get there by the booked time.|I booked your taxi. Be on the look out for a blue Lexus. The reference number is 07817263576. How else may I assist you?
No thank you that will be all|Glad to have been of help. Thank you for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Enjoy the rest of your day!
I'm looking for a place in the centre of town that is a nightclub.|There are 5 nightclubs in the centre area, the one with the lowest entrance fee is soul tree nightclub which is 4 pounds to get in.
That sounds like it will work. Can I get their address and postcode?|Of course! They're located at 1-6 corn exchange street with postcode cb23qf. Anything else I can do for you?
No, that's all I need today. Thank you for your help!|You are welcome! Have fun! Goodbye!
I am looking for a restaurant in the expensive price range that serves thai food.|There is sala thong	and bangkok city.
Can I book a table for 6 people at 15:45 on Tuesday?|There are no reservations at that time. Would you like to try another time slot or another restaurant?
Let's try the other restaurant.|I'm sorry neither restaurant has an available table would you like to try another day or time?
Can you try another restaurant?|I was able to book you a table at Sala Thong on Tuesday at 15:45 for 6 people. Your reference number is EPNSY28V. Anything else I can help with?
I would like to go to a park in the centre of town.  What would you recommend?|Okay, we have the cambridge university botanic gardens in the centre of town.  Will that work for you?
Yes, that will work great. Can I get their postcode please?|Sure, they're in postcode cb21jf. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
I also need a taxi to go from Sala Thong to the Gardens.|What time do you want the Taxi to meet you?
I want to make sure I can get from the park to the restaurant in time.|Okay i have you booked for a yellow volvo. The contact number is 07033533386 .
Thank you! That will be all.|Have a great day!
Hello, I am looking for a train from Peterborough to Cambridge please.|I am able to book you a train that's on that route but I need to know what day and time you need the train.
I need to travel on saturday and leave after 11:45|There are 25 trains that fit your needs. The earliest train leaves at 11:48 and arrives in Cambridge at 12:38. Would you like me to book you on this train?
Yes, please. I need 2 tickets please and the reference number.|Okay, great. Your booking was successful. Your reference number is 28VT1KZ3. You'll owe 26.4 which can be paid at the station.
Thanks.  I'm also looking for places to go in town.  Preferably a museum in the west.|sure, there are seven for you to choose from.
That's a lot of options.  Do any of the museums offer free admission?|All are free admission,except for Cambridge Folk Museum
What is the phone number and address for that place?|You can call them at 01223355159, and they are located at 2-3 castle street. Can I help with anything more today?
Thanks for all your help.  That will be all for today.|Great, thanks for using Cambridge TownInfo centre. Enjoy your trip, good day.
I am looking for a 3 star expensive place to stay in Cambridge.|The gonville hotel is available and fits your requirements if you would like to book that just let me know.
That sounds good!|When would you like me to book this for you and how many people will be staying?
I'd like to travel there myself, may I have the address?|The address is gonville place. Can I help you with anything else today?
I'm also looking for places to that are near the hotel|Yes certainly. Do you have a food type or price range preference?
I forgot to ask, does the Gonville hotel include free wifi and is it in the centre?|Yes, the Gonville hotel is located near the centre and offers Internet connectivity. Would you like any more information about the hotel or proceed?
Actually, I'm looking for an attraction in the area of the hotel.|Old Schools seems like a pretty unique experience. Would you like more information?
Can I get the address please?|Old Schools is located on trinity lane and is free to enter. Can I help you with anything else?
Can I get the precise address please?|Their postcode is cb21tt trinity lane, if you need more info you can call them at 01223332320. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
No, that should be it. Thanks!|Thank you and have a great trip!
I need lodgings, and I'd like to stay in an expensive guesthouse.|Our database doesn't list an expensive guesthouse, would you like me to try something else?
I would like a 4 star hotel, in an expensive guesthouse please.  Thanks!|I don't have anything in that area that meets those criteria.  Can I try searching something else?
What about a moderate priced one instead?|I have 11 results. Do you prefer to stay in a particular area of town?
I don't have an area preference.|I located  avalon guesthouse located north, is a 4 and moderately priced. Would you like me to book a room for how many guest, days and starting on what day?
Do you know what area that is in and whether they have internet?|They are wifi capable and in the north area, would you like more information or a booking?
Can I please have the address along with post code?|Sure, the address is 62 Gilbert Road and the postcode is cb43pd.
Thanks, that takes care of everything for me. Have a good one!|Have a great time on your trip.
I'm looking for a restaurant in the south that is cheap.|There are two cheap places in the south. The Lucky Star serves Chinese food, and Nandos serves Portuguese food. Which do you prefer?
Either will work. I would like to book a table for 2 people at 13:25 on Monday.|I have booked a table for two at The Lucky Star on Monday at 13:15. Your reference number is X2YXZ9P. Anything else?
Thanks.  Could you also find a museum to go to in town?|Byard Art is close and is free. It is at 14 Kings Parade.
am looking for places to go in town. The attraction should be in the type of museum.|Byard Art is near where you will be eating. The entrance fee is free.
Great. Can you tell me the postcode for Byard Art?|Sure!  There is no entrance fee to byard art.  Is there anything else I can help you with today?
i'll need a taxi|I can help you with that. I'll need to know your departure site and destination. You can also tell me the departure time and arrival time.
I'd like to get the postcode for the museum first, please.  I'll need the taxi to get from the museum to Lucky Star in time for my booking.|Which museum will you be attending?
You are the one that suggested Byard art. Remember?|sorry about that. Booking completed!
Booked car type	:	blue lexus
Contact number	:	07150432273 anything else?
That's all I need, thanks so much for all of your help! Have a great day!|Yes I will book it for you and get a reference number ?
I need the address to a college in town|any specific price range to help narrow down available options?
Yes, what are the entrance fees?|I'd recommend Christ's College, it's free to enter.
Thank you I also would like to get a place to stay in the south.|I have many options. Do you have preference on price?
The price doesn't matter it just needs to be a hotel. I don't need internet.|The lensfield hotel is a match for you. It's located at 53-57 lensfield road. Do you need anything else?
No, that's all. Thank you.|Please contact us again in the future. Goodbye.
Are their any architecture in the centre of cambridge?|Yes! There are 4 churches as well as old schools. Would you be interested in one of those?
Certainly, pick out a good option. I will need the entrance fee please.|I would like to suggest all saints church. The entrance fee is free.
Excellent, could I also get its postcode and phone number?|The phone number for All Saints Church is 01223452587 and it's postcode is cb58bs.  Can I help you with anything else today?
Could you give a recommendation on a place to eat in the centre that is in a moderate price range?|The Copper Kettle is an excellent choice for British cuisine. Alternatively, there is also an asian oriental restaurant. Do either of those sound suitable?
I'll go with The Copper Kettle. Can you give me the phone number?|The Copper Kettle's phone number is 01223365068 and the address is 4 Kings Parade City Centre, postcode cb21sj. Would you like me to book a table for you there?
No, thanks. I will book later on. I think that was all I needed. Thanks. Goodbye.|You're welcome. Have a great time!
I am a museum buff, does not matter what they have in them, I'll go.  What museums are in Cembridge?|We have 79 museums in town.  What part of town would you prefer?
Anywhere should be fine, thanks!|Okay, how about byard art located on 14 king's parade?
please get me their phone number and entrance fee|They're free to enter, and their phone number is 01223464646.
That helps. Thanks. Can you help me find a train for Friday please?|Yes, Where is your destiantion and what date & time?
I would like to go from cambridge to boxbourne on friday.|We have about 19 options. May i know your preferred travel and arrival time so i can recommend one for you.
friday and I want to leave after 19:15 going to broxbourne to cambridge, I just need the trains id please|okay the TR3342 leaves at 20:01 and arrives at 21:01.
Thank you very much for you help.  Have a nice day.|Thank you, you too.
Hello, can you recommend a 0-star hotel with free WiFi, please?|Surprisingly, I have three options. How about Citiroomz? It is located in the centre and is moderately priced.
The would be great. Can I have the address and phone number?|Yes certainly their address is sleeperz hotel, station road and their telephone number is 01223304050.
Great I need to book it for 4 nights|How many people will be staying and when would you like to stay?
It will be for 2 people starting on Wednesday.|Would you like me to book it for you?
Yes, please book it and provide a reference number.|I am unable to book this for you. Do you have any other preferences ?
How about tuesday?|I apologize, but it looks like saturday is not working either.
Try tuesday please.|I'm sorry tuesday isn't working either.
I suppose I'll book it myself, then. Can you tell me about the Soul Tree Nightclub? What part of town is it in?|It is in the Center of town. What else would you like to know?
I need the entrance fee and address.|The entrance fee is 4 pounds and the address is 1-6 corn exchange street. Anything else?
Yes I'd like to book a taxi from the hotel to the nightclub and i need to leave by 22:15.And may i have car type and confirmation # please?|Okay a red honda will be coming for you. The number is 07945880615
How much will the ride cost?|The system is unable to provide me with such information is there anything else?
No that would be all. Thank You. Goodbye|Good Bye thank you for calling
I can't wait to get there and see some of the local attractions.  I am looking for a place to stay.  Can you help me?|I sure can! Would you like a guesthouse or a hotel?
I would like a moderate priced guesthouse please. It also needs to have 4 stars and free parking.|I have several nice guest houses that fit your request. What part of town do you prefer?
I am pretty indecisive so none.  Can you pick a 4 star place and book me for 3 people and 2 nights starting on Tuesday?|Your reservation at limehouse for this tuesday for 3 days 2 nights for 3 people was successful. Your Reference number is : OVCFXDNP.
Awesome, thanks a lot. That's all I needed help with today.|You are welcome.
I am looking for an attraction to visit in the west that involves architecture, any suggestions?|I am not showing any in that part of town, ould you like me to try other areas?
How about a museum in the west?|Sure.  I think a fun place to visit is Cafe Jello Gallery.
Oh that does sound fun. What is the entrance fee? Also can I have the address and postcode?|The Cafe Jello Gallery offers free admission. They are located at 13 Magdalene Street. You can reach them at 01223312112. Their postcode is cb30af.
I am also looking for a particular hotel named huntington marriott hotel.|The Huntingdon Marriott Hotel is a beautiful and expensive hotel in the west. They have a 4-star rating and offer both free wifi and free parking.
Thanks, what type of hotel is it?|It is a hotel, not a guesthouse.
That is fine. That's all, thank you! goodbye.|Did you need to book a room at the Huntingdon Marriott Hotel? I can help you out with that.
what type of hotel is it?|It is a 4 star hotel. Would you like to book this hotel?
Not just yet.  I have everything I need for today.  Thanks so much for your help! Have a great day!|You too, and thanks for contacting Cambridge TownInfo centre!
Hi, can you help me find a train on Monday, please?|Sure, where will you be departing from?
I'm departing from leicester.|There are many trains available on that day. At what time will you be traveling?
I will be leaving by 5:15.|what is your destination?
It should go to leicester|Did you mean departing from Leicester and going to Cambridge?  We do not have trains from Leicester to Leicester.
sorry, im going from cambridge to leicester|TR8631 will leave at 5:21 and arrive by 7:06. Would you like to make a reservation?
Yes, please make a booking for 3 people.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 113.4 GBP payable at the station .Reference number is : 60SBSNJP.
Thank you for your time and help, sorry for the confusion.  Have a great day !|have a great day too.
Have a nice day.|Thank you. You as well.
Can you suggest places to go in town centre? I'm interested in a college. Let me know the entrance fee and the phone number please.|I have the downing college located at regent street with free entrance fee.
Please get me their phone number|I have several available. How does Christ's college  on saint andrew's street with free entrance sound? Their phone number is 01223334900.
That is all.|Great. Glad I could be of help.
Hi, I'd like to visit a museum in the center of town.|Do you have a particular museum in mind or would you like suggestions?
I would be open to suggestions please.|Great! The Broughton House Gallery at 98 King Street would be a good choice; and there is no entrance fee. Would you like the phone number and postcode?
Yes, I do need the information.|The phone number is 01223314960 and the postcode is cb11ln.
Thanks. Please help me find information about a train to Cambridge. It should get there by 18:15|I can help with that. Where will you be departing from?
I'll be departing from kings lynn.|The TR3677 will get you in at 17:58. Will that work for you?
I need a train that will leave on Saturday.|TR1499 will get you in at 17:58. Will that work for you?
That should work. Can you give me the price?|Yes, the price is 7.84 pounds per person, shall I book you?
Not right now, I am also looking for an expensive Italian restaurant in the same area as the attraction.|I'm not finding any expensive Italian restaurants in centre. Do you have a second choice?
Actually I don't need a restaurant after all.  I have all I needed, thanks.  Goodbye.|Thanks for letting us assist you today! Enjoy your visit! Goodbye.
Hello, could you tell me where the old schools attraction is located?|Yes.  It is in the centre of town on trinity lane.
What is the postcode for this place?|The postcode is cb21tt. Can I help you with anything else today?
I need a train leaving Cambridge after 14:30|Where will you be traveling to? And what day will you be leaving?
i'm going to stevenage on wednesday.|What time would you like to arrive by?
I need to leave after 14:30 please.|Okay. The TR7245 leaves at 15:21. Would you like me to book it for you
What is the travel time and how much will it cose?|Travel time is 49 minutes, and the price is 12.80. Would you like me to book passage for you?
no thanks. not necessary. thanks though. goodbye|thanks for using our service. goodbye.
I'm looking for a train that arrives by 10:15 and departs from Ely|No problem! What day would you like to leave?
Tuesday, going to Cambridge please.|Any departure time in mind?
The train should leave on tuesday and should go to cambridge and arrive by 10:15|The TR8685 arrives by 5:52 and costs 4.40 pounds.  Can I book some seats for you?
Please for 8 people.|Your booking was successful. The total fee is 35.2 GBP pounds payable at the station and your reservation number is 1OBF5WF2
Great thank you I also am looking for some place to go in the centre of town.|The Broughton House Gallery is located at 98 King St and has free admission.
Thank you, that sounds fine. I see you have included the address and the entrance fee. That's all I need. Thanks very much.|You're welcome. Have a great day. Goodbye.
I would like to find some info on the warkworth house hotel.|Warkworth house is a guesthouse hotel located in the east.  It is a moderately priced 4 star hotel. The Warkworth house provides internet and parking.
I am looking to book at the warkworth hotel.|What day will you be coming in?
I need it for 4 people for 2 nights starting Monday.|You are all set, the reference number is S42UNZJV, can I help with anything else?
Could you provide me with the address of the Warkworth house?|Yes, the address is Warkworth Terrace cb11ee.  Is there anything else I can find for you?
I would like some information about the Museum of Classical Archaeology.|What information are you looking for?
Just the postcode and entrance fee please.|They offer free admission to the museum. The postcode is cb39da. Anything else I can do for you?
No that will be all thank you.|My pleasure. Enjoy your stay!
Are there any entertainment places in the east?|Yes! There are boats, museums, swimming pools, parks, sports, and more in the east. Do you have a preference?
No I don't have a preference.|Can I recommend camboats in the east?
Yes, that sounds like a great choice. Can you give me the phone number for them?|The phone number is 01223902112.
Great, thanks.  I am also looking for a train to Kings Lynn.  I can't leave till after 18:00 though.|Where will you be departing from?
From Cambridge.  I need to book for 7 people on that train.  I will also need the reference number.  Thanks a bunch!|What day did you want to travel on?
I would like to travel on Tuesday.|TR9452 leaves cambridge at 18:11 and arrives in kings lynn at 18:58. Will that work for you?
yes that's pretty good. Thanks!|You're welcome! Can I help you with anything else?
Yes, I need you to book that train for 7 please.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 68.6 GBP payable at the station.  Your reference number is : R5CBD0OD. Can I help with anything else today?
Great. You have been very helpful.  That is all I needed.  Thanks.  Bye.|Have a nice day, goodbye.
I am looking for tourist attractions.|There are many things to do, to help narrow down the results what part of town are you looking to tour in? Any particular activity you'd like to do?
Are there any colleges on the west side?  If so can you tell me the address and entrance fee?|There are five colleges on the west side. Magdalene college is nice. It's address is Magdalene Street and entrance is free.
Thank you. I'm also looking for an Indian restaurant in the expensive price range. Is there anything like that around?|Oh yes I have many. Any preference for area?
I would like to be close to Magdalene college. That same area would be perfect.|There are 5 Indian restaurants located on the west side near Magdalene college that are expensive. I would recommend Tandoori Palace.
That sounds fantastic. Could I have the postcode, phone number, and address, please?|Their postcode is cb43le, phone number is 01223506055, and address is 68 Histon Road Chesterton
That's everything I need. Thank you for your help.|Alright, awesome! Have a fantastic day!
Hello, I would like information on club Salsa|It is a nightclub located on the centre where the entrance fee is 5 pounds.
Can you let me have their postcode?|Absolutely... Their postcode is cb12jb. Is there any other information I can provide you with?
No, that's all. Thank you.|You are welcome. Enjoy your day.
I'm looking for a place to go in the centre of town.|What kind of attraction are you interested in?
Are there any outdoor festivals or activities? I'll need the postcode and phone number.|There are 79 activities in the town center. How may I help narrow your search?
Are there any nightclubs in the centre?|There are 5 nightclubs in the centre. Would you like a recommendation?
Yes, which one is the best?|Club Salsa looks good.
Ok, please give me Club Salsa's postcode and phone number.  I also want to find a hotel in the same area.|Their phone number is 07782218745 and the post code is cb12jb.  What sort of hotel are you looking for and in what area?
I'm looking for a hotel in the centre of town.|We have 5 hotels available that are located in the centre of town.
Which hotels are rated 4 stars and offer free parking? Can I have a phone number for those hotels?|sure theres two hotels, 01223525725 and 01223351241
What are their names?|They are Alexander Bed and Breakfast and University Arms Hotel.  Do you have a preference?
No, not at this time.  I just needed the information.  Thank you and have a nice day.|Thank you. Goodbye!
Hello, I need a train to Peterborough from Cambridge please|Which day would you like to travel?
I would like to travel on friday, and arrive by 14:45|TR9859 would fit your needs shall i book it ?
Actually, no need to book. But, can I get the travel time and the price of the ticket please?|Of course. The travel time is 50 minutes. The price is 16.50 pounds. Would you like any other information?
Yes, I'm also looking for places to go in town.|Sure, I can help you with that.  What kind of attraction were you looking for?
I would like to find a museum in the centre of town.|There are many. Would you like me to recommend one for you?
Yes, please. What is your favorite museum? I'd like their address and postcode. You're a lifesaver!|The Museum of Archaeology and Anthropology is excellent. They're at University of Cambridge, Downing Street in postcode cb23dz. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Um... no, I think I should be good with that. Thanks.|You're welcome. Have a great day!
Can you tell me about the Cambridge university botanic gardens.|The botanic gardens is a lovely part of the university which is open to the public for a fee of 4 pounds.
I am looking for a multiple sports location in the centre of town|Unfortunately there are no multiple sports locations in the centre of town.
Hmm, okay. Well, maybe we should take a look at a local college in town centre. Could you recommend one?|I can recommend Christ's College. Admission is free.
Sounds good. Could I get the phone number?|Absolutely. The phone number is 01223334900. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Yes, I would like to book a hotel that has free wifi. Parking doesn't matter.|I have found 9 hotels with free internet. Do you have a price range you are look for?
I would like it to be not be more that $120 a night.|Does the Gonville hotel work?
Is Gonville hotel in the town centre?|Gonville Hotel is in the "centre" area.
Does the hotel have a star rating of 0?|It has a rating of 3 stars.
I need a hotel located near the centre of town, with a star of 0. For 3 people, 2 nights starting Thursday please.|How about the El Shaddai? It's at 41 Warkworth Street and it's cheap.
Okay let's try that.|It doesn't look like they have availability for a 2 night stay starting on Thursday. Would you like to book a shorter stay or start a different day?
How about just one night?|I was able to successfully book you for 3 people for a 1 night stay. Your reference number is 9ZKDXB08. Is there anything else I can help with?
One more thing, I would like to book a taxi to commute between the two places.|Will you be departing from El Shaddai Hotel to Christ's College? Also, when would you like the taxi to leave the hotel and arrive at the destination?
I would like the taxi to leave Christ's College by 01:30 and take me to the El Shaddai.|I reserved a Blue Ford for you, contact number 07289393506.  Is there anything else I can do for you today?
No, that's perfect.  Thanks!|No problem.  Glad you could help.
I am going to visit and would like to go to a nightclub. Any suggestions?|There are 6 nightclubs located in Cambridge. 5 in the Centre and 1 in the South; do you have a preference?
No preference, surprise me. I'll just need the postcode.|The Soul Tree Nightclub I have heard is the best. Their postcode is cb23qf. Anything else you need?
Yes I need to find a hotel with free parking and 4 star rating.|There are 19 hotels available with a 4 star rating and free parking. Would you like to add any additional preferences?
Yes, I'd prefer a hotel over a guesthouse and I need to stay in the north.|I'm afraid no hotel in the north matches your inquiry, perhaps a different star rating?
If there is no hotel availability, I will accept a guesthouse.  Is one available?|Yes, there are 7 guesthouses in the north that meet your needs. 6 are moderate and 1 is cheap. Would you like more information?
Do any of the guesthouses have access to internet for their guests?|yeah all of them do, any other preference?
How about free parking?|They all also offer free parking. Would you like to book a room?
Could I get the phone number and address of one of them?  Also can you find me a nightclub nearby and give me their postcode?|The Acorn Guest House is at 154 chesterton road, and its phone number is 01223353888. There are no nightclubs in the north part of town.
Okay. Thank you very much for your help.|Can I help you with anything else today?
I think that takes care of everything.|Okay, I am glad I could help. Have a wonderful day.
I am looking for an expensive place to dine that serves catalan food.|I do not show any matches for your request, maybe change the type of food?
Are you sure?  I really need an expensive restaurant that serves catalan food in the centre of the city.  Can you check again please?|I am sure, would you like me to check for another option?
Could you recommend a restaurant that serves indian food is expensive, and in the centre?|I am sorry there are not Indian restaurants. Can I check for a Chinese restaurant?
There are no restaurants that serve indian food?|I am afraid there is none.
What type of restaurants are located in the city centre?|I'm so sorry, I was mistaken, there are several expensive Indian restaurants in the centre of town.  May I recommend Curry Queen, at 106 Mill Road?
Sounds great! Can you set up a reservation?|Sure.  What time would you like the reservation for?
I need a table for 2 people on Monday at 14:30.|I'm sorry, a table isn't available.  Perhaps a different day or time slot would work for you?
Can you try 13:30 instead?  Thanks.|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Reference number is : Z0V0H1YR.
Thanks, I'm also looking for a place to go in the same area.|Sure thing, you have any particular attraction in mind?
Something in the centre of town. Do you have any suggestions for a museum maybe?|I'd suggest broughton house gallery on 98 king street, cb11ln. Anything else?
Yes, could you please give me their phone number?|Their phone number is 01223314960. Anything else?
No that is all. Thank you for your help. Goodbye.|You are very welcome. Thank you for choosing Cambridge TownInfo centre today!
Yes, I'm looking for places to go in Cambridge.  Can you help me with that?|Sure, what type of attractions are you interested in ?
Let's check out some stuff in the entertainment type.|I've heard really great things about Cherry Hinton Hall and Grounds in the east area.  Does that sound like something you'd enjoy?
Okay that sounds good.  What is the area and postcode?|It is located in the east and the postcode is CB18DW. Can I help you with anything else?
Yes, I need a place to stay on my trip. I'd prefer a guesthouse in the north.|The Avalon is a popular 4 star guest house on the north side, would you like me to see if they have space available?
Yes please, I need rooms for 7 people for 2 nights starting Monday.|I have your rooms booked, and your reference number is 7BOZNPTN.
Very good, that's all. Thanks.|You are welcome.  Have a great stay in Cambridge.  Bye.
I am looking for the Museum of Archaelogy and Anthropology. Do you have any information on this attraction?|Yes, this museum is in the town centre and the entrance is free.  Would you like the address and phone number?
Yes please if you do not mind.|The address of the Museum is University of Cambridge, Downing Street. The phone number is 01223333516. Can I help you with anything else?
I am also looking for a hotel called Leverton House. Do you have any information on it?|Yes, I do. The Leverton House is located in the east. It has 4 stars and is relatively cheap. It's located at 732-734 Newmarket Road. Phone is 01223292094. Does that help?
Yes, could you book me a room for 4 nights starting on Tuesday. There will be 5 of us staying there.|Your booking was a success! Your reference number is 49JMGAFP. Can I help you with anything else?
That's all I needed. Thank you!|If you should need anything else, please contact us again. Thank you for using our service.
Find me a modern european restaurant in the south.|I found Restaurant alimentum that fits your needs. Would you like me to book that for you?
Is it in the moderate price range?|Yes it is. Would you like me to book it for you?
Yes, book for 7 people at 15:30 on friday please.|I'm sorry, that isn't available for that time slot.  Can you change it perhaps?
Well how about 14:30 then?|Yes, I was able to book your party at 14:30.  Your reference number is 7H21OO6L.  Please note the table will be held for 15 minutes. You need anything else?
do you know where castle galleries is|Yes, the address is unit su43, grande arcade, saint andrews street.
What is the post code, area of town, and type of attraction?|The post code is cb23bj, it is in the centre of town, and it is a museum.
I also need a taxi, to go between the two places.|Sure! When would you like to leave and arrive by?
I would like to arrive at the restaurant in time for my booking.|I have booked a grey Volvo for you. The contact number is 07114144706. Is there anything else I can do for you?
No thanks. I think that was all. Have a good day. Bye.|Glad to have been of help.  Take care.
Howdy! I'm looking for a cheap place to eat in the city centre.|How about The River Bar Steakhouse and Grill that serves Modern European?
Sounds good. May I have their telephone number please?|Certainly, that number is 01223307030. Will you need a reservation this evening?
Not at the moment. Can you also look up the attractions near the restaurant as well?|All Saints Church is in the area on Jesus Lane. Would you like me to go ahead and book a reservation for you at this time?
Not at this time, but can I get their address and entrance fee?|They have free entrance and their address is jesus lane
Thank you, that is all I need for now.|Thank you. If you should need further assistance in the future, please contact us.
I need to book a train to cambridge on Monday.|Where will you be departing from?
I will be departing out of Stevenage.|We have 10 different trains on that day. What time will you be departing or arriving?
I want to arrive by 16:45.|Okay TR8265 departs at 09:54. Would you like me to book that for you?
Sorry, I looked at the calendar. I need a Thursday train, not a Monday.  Can you please find a train on that day instead?|Okay, no problem.  The TR1163 train leaves at 05:54.  Will that work for you?
What time will the train arrive in Cambridge?|It arrives at 	06:43.
Ok please book that for 5 people.|I have made those reservations and your reference number is  9JXA0UWF.
Thank you. I am also looking for a museum to visit. Do you have any recommendations?|Broughton house gallery is a great place in the centre of town! The entrance fee is free! Would you like their information?
Yes, please give me the postcode, entrance fee and address.|They are at 98 King Street, postcode cb11ln, admission is free, any further questions today?
No thank you.|Can I look up anything else for you?
Nope, you have been extremely helpful.  Thanks again. Bye.|You are welcome.  Have a great time in Cambridge.  Bye.
Hi, I'm planning a trip to Cambridge and would like a few ideas on places to go for fun.|There are lots of local attractions, are you interested in architecture?
Yes sure as long as the attraction is in the city center. Could you also provide me with the phone number and postcode of the attraction?|Of course. How about Saint Catharine's College, in postcode cb21rl? Phone is 01223338300.
Sure. I also need somewhere to eat. I'm thinking something on the expensive side and close to the college.|Alright, there are 33 different restaurants around the college that are expensive. Is there a type of food you are looking for?
Can I get one in the centre of town and looking for gastropub food.|Backstreet Bistro is an expensive restaurant in the centre of town that serves gastropub food. Would you like more information or to make a reservation?
Information, please! I'm not looking to make a booking at the moment.|Backstreet bistro is located in town centre. The address is 2 Sturton Street City Centre, phone 01223306306.  Do you need any further assistance?
Yes, can you book a taxi between the two?  I would like to leave the restaurant by 24:45.|I have confirmed a taxi picking you up at backstreet bistro at 24:45. The contact number is 07972785913. A blue volkswagen will pick you up. Can I help with anything else?
No thank you. That will be everything I need today. You have a nice day.|You're welcome! Have a nice day. Goodbye.
I am planning a trip and need help finding a place to stay.|Are you looking to stay in a guesthouse or hotel? What are of town do you prefer?
I was thinking a guesthouse on the east side of town|Do you have a price preference? I have both cheap and moderately priced guesthouses available.
I can afford an expensive place, but if there are no rooms a cheap hotel will do as well.|Allenbell is a nice place, cheap.  There wasn't anything expensive.
that is fine. book for 8 people and 5 nights from friday|Booking was successful.
Reference number is : BLY0KYCW. anything else?
No, that's it.  Thank you for all your help.|Enjoy your stay in Cambridge.
Wait!  I forgot something. Can you also tell me about a place called Saint John's College?|Of course. What would you like to know?
What area is it located ?|St. John's College is located in the centre area. Do you need additional information?
No. But I do need a taxi from the hotel to the college.|I can do that. Do you have a departure time or arrival time for your trip?
Yes, of course, how could I forget?! I'd like to leave the hotel by 16:45. Are you able to book for that time?|here are the details,Booking completed!
Booked car type	:	black volkswagen
Contact number	:	07300200666
Thank you, that's all I need today.|you are welcome
Okay, well, again, I really appreciate all the help you gave me.|you are welcome. call me if you need anything else.
i will be in cambridge and need a place to stay in the north. I hate internet.|Alpha milton guesthouse is a nice laid back place and does not include internet, does that sound like a good fit for you?
Is that a 4-star place?|No, it's a 3 star guesthouse. Do you want to look for something different?
Sorry, I was just kidding about the hating internet part. I do need a place that has free wifi.|I have 8 guesthouses in the north with free wifi, one is cheap the others are in the moderate price range.
Any place is fine, can you please book me for 6 people and 2 nights starting on monday?|I've booked your group of 6 a room at Acorn Guest House. You'll be staying for 2 night beginning on Monday. Your reference number is 76ODNSBF.
Thank you so much for all your help.|welcome anytime you ant our help
I am  looking for a particular attraction.|Do you have the name of the particular attraction you are looking for or the type of attraction you need?
regency gallery, do you have their phone number?|yes, it is 01223365454
OK, thank you so much, that is all that I need.|You're welcome. Have a great day.
I'm looking for an hotel in the north.|I have 2 hotels in the north both priced moderately the ashley hotel and the lovell lodge.
The Ashley Hotel will work for me.|Ok would you like me to book a room for you?
Yes, please book a room for me.|Sure, I can do that.  When were you looking to stay?
I need rooms for 5 people and 2 nights starting on Thursday. If you could make a reservation that would be great.|You are all set! Your reference number for you booking is 8CAZN8ND. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, i am looking for entertainment attractions in the centre of town.|There are no entertainment type attractions in the centre, shall I look up another area or attraction type?
How about a museum instead?|There are 11 museums including  cambridge contemporary art, museum of archaelogy and anthropology, and whipple museum of the history of science.
I would like the phone number and entrance fee to the Whipple Museum.|The museum is reachable at 01223330906 and there is no charge for admission.
Thank you for your time.|Thank you for allowing me to help you. Have a great day.
I want a train leaving on sunday.|I can help with that. What is the date and time you would like to leave?
I need to leave cambridge and go to kings lynn and arrive by 16:45 on sunday|The train that will have you arrive closest to the time of 16:45 is TrainID TR9024. Would you like me to secure a reservation?
Yes please.  And can I have the reference number?|How many tickets do you need?
I changed my mind, don't worry about getting me a train reservation. Just please recommend an attraction to visit on the West side of town|I would recommend Churchill College on Storey's Way. They have free admission. Would you like anything else?
Yes. May I please get the phone number to Churchill College?|Yes the number is 01223336233. Is there anything else you need assistance with today?
No that will be all! Thank you!|I was happy to help you today. Please contact us again, if you need further assistance. Good-bye.
Are there any colleges I can visit in the center of town?|There are 13 options. Ten of these colleges are free to enter.
Great! I'll take any of the free ones you have, but can I please have the phone number and the postcode for it?|How about pembroke college? It's number is 01223331100	and post code is cb21st
I also need a train to Cambridge, arrive by 21:45.|Where are you departing from?
I'm departing from Birmingham New Street, and need to leave on Monday.|The closest arrival I have to that is TR1404 which arrives by 21:23. Would you like to book a ticket?
What is the departure time?|The departure time is 18:40.  Would you like for me to book it?
No booking needed. I have everything I need. Thank you and have a nice day.|Have a nice day to you as well.
Can you find me a train going to london liverpool street arriving by 21:45?|I sure can.  What day were you hoping to travel?
The train should leave on Friday.|There is a train leaving at 5:59 on Friday.
How long will the trip take?|The trip will take around 88 minutes. What else would you like to know?
When I get to Cambridge, I'd like to see some attractions in the centre of town. What is there to see and do?|We have 44 attractions. What type of attraction would you like?
I don't have a preference can you suggest something?|I would like to recommend holy trinity church as it is beautiful architecture.
What is their phone number?|The phone number is 01223355397.  Would you also like their address?
No just the postcode and entrance fee, if available.|Admission is free and their postcode is cb23nz. What else can I help you with?
that is all i needed for today. thanks for helping|thanks for using our services. good day
I need to find a place to eat in Centre please.|There are several to chose from what price range are you looking for?
I need one that serves modern european food.|There are four modern European restaurants in the centre. Two are moderately priced, one is cheap and one is expensive. Do you have a preference?
Please try to book a table for 3 people at your favorite one.|What day do you want me to book it for?
On Sunday at 14:45 please.|How about the riverside brasserie? It is moderate priced.
Sure, that sounds great. Can you get that table for 3 for 14:45 on Sunday?|Yes, you're booked with reference number LP74URJE. May I help with anything else?
I'd also like to see a college, any would do. And could you give me the address and entrance fee as well, please.|The churchill college is at storey's way and is free, did you need anything else?
That sounds great. Yes, actually, I'd like to book a taxi to go from the college to the restaurant please, so we can arrive in time for our reservation.|Okay, I have booked a taxi for you. It will be a red Skoda. The contact number is 07626173176.
.
Thank you for your help!|Can I help you with anything else?
No thanks. That will be all for today. Thanks. Goodbye.|Fantastic - have a great time on your visit! Thanks for choosing Cambridge TownInfo centre.
I need a hotel that is 4 stars on the east side of town.|There are 6 places that fit your criteria and they are all guesthouses. Would you prefer a cheap or moderate pricerange?
I don't care about the price range, but I would like free parking.|I've discovered 5 guesthouses that fit your criteria. Would you like to specify any additional information? If not, I can book a room for you.
Would any of the ones you mention have a 4-star rating as well as free parking?|The carolina bed and breakfast is a 4 star guesthouse in the east area, with free parking. Would you like me to make a reservation?
Yes I would like to book for 2 people for 5 nights starting Monday. I will also need the reference number.|Alright, you're all booked. Your reference number is GNBKO467. Is there anything else you need?
Yes, I also need something to do in the east part of town as well please.|There are 10 attractions in the East. There are museums, entertainment, boats, sports complex, park, and a pool. Do you have a preference?
No, not really just get me the address to something good.|There are 4 museums that are in the area would you like information on them?
Sure. I just need the address to a place to go that is in the same area as my hotel.|Cambridge artworks is located at 5 greens road
Thanks, that's all I need. Have a nice day.|Thank you for calling. Enjoy your stay.
i am looking for places to go in town. The attraction should be in the type of concerthall and should be in the centre part of town.|I would suggest The Man on the Moon, located at 2 Norfolk Street.
Perfect, could I have the address and postcode please?|The Man on the Moon is located at 2 Norfolk Street, postcode CB12LF.
Thank you! I'm also looking for a 4 star hotel and I don't care if it includes internet.|Do you have any other criteria for it?
Yes, actually. I would prefer it to be a guesthouse with free parking.|acorn guest house would suit your needs. Can I make a booking for you?
could i have the address and post code|The address is 154 chesterton road.
Thanks! I also need a guesthouse to stay in.|how about allenball? it's a lovely guesthouse.
No, I am happy with your first suggestion.  Please reserve Acorn Guest House for 7 people.  Arriving Sunday for 4 nights.|I have booked the Acorn Guest House for 7 people for 4 nights, starting on Sunday. Your reference number is FF6FLH9V.
Well thank you i am done.|great enjoy your stay in cambridge
Thank you for all the help.|Enjoy the rest of your day, goodbye!
I'm looking for a museum in east area.|There are four museums. Three are free and one is 5 pounds.
Can you give me the address and phone number of the free museum?|Cambridge Artworks is free. The address is 5 greens road and the phone is 01223902168. Will that do?
That will do thank you. I also need a restaurant in the moderate price range.|There are two Indian and one Italian restaurant in that area. Did you have a preference?
In the same area as Cambridge Artworks.|Curry Prince seems to fit your needs, it is at 451 Newmarket Road Fen Ditton. Would you like to book a table?
Yes. I need to book it for Saturday at 17:30. Just for me.|Booking was successful and the reference number is : D3MPEQ3M.
thanks. thats it for today. thanks again. goodbye.|welcome and have a great day
I'm looking for a sporting attraction in the city centre.|I don't have any sporting events in the centre. May I try a different area?
Maybe we could try swimming instead?|Yes, the Parkside Pools is available with that criteria. The phone number for it is 01223446100. Do you require any other information about it?
please find me the address.|It is located at Gonville Place, postcode cb11ly.
I am also looking to eat out. Expensive Welsh food.|I have nothing that match your search. Do you have another preference ?
Are there any expensive restaurants in the centre?|May I recommend Bedouin? It's an expensive african restaurant in the centre of town.
How about an expensive restaurant in the centre that serves Indian?|There are 5 restaurants that fit that criteria, Would you like me to make a recommendation?
Yes please, I would like a quiet place as much as  possible.|The Golden Curry should meet your needs.  What day and time would you like to book the table and for how many people?
I would like it for just me because I don't have friends, for 11:45 on Tuesday.|I've made those reservations and the reference number is  B1J73EIY.
Can you also arrange a taxi for me? I need to go from Parkside Pools to Golden Curry and arrive there by 11:45.|Your taxi has been booked. It will be a yellow Honda and their contact number is 07951132532.
Thank you very much for all your help today. That is all I need for now.|Thank you for contacting us and have a nice day.
I am looking for something entertaining in town later and I've got some things in mind.|What are your ideas? what area of town and what type of attraction?
I'm looking for a theatre in the centre.|There are four theatres in Centre: ADC Theatre, Cambridge Arts Theatre, Mumford Theatre and The Cambridge Corn Exchange. Would you be interested in any of these?
Cambridge Arts sounds good, can I get the phone number? Is there any entrance fee? And then a nice expensive dinner in the same area please.|Cambridge arts theatre phone is 0122350333, no entrance fee information is available.  There are 33 restaurants in your price range, do you have a food type preference?
Yes, I like there to be Cuban food.|I am sorry but there are no Cuban restaurants available.  Would like another type of food?
Hmm, I'll try Japanese instead.|we have wagamama located in 36 Saint Andrews Street. can i book for you?
No thank you I just need the postcode.|The post code is cb23ar. Is there anything else I can help with?
Can you book me a taxi that will pick me up  from Cambridge Arts Theatre at 07:15 and take me to Wagamama?|Booking completed!
Booked car type	:	grey volkswagen
Contact number	:	07275251696
Can I help with anything else today?
That will be all today. Thank you.|Thank you for using our system today!
CAn you help me plan a trip to see a particular attraction?|Do you know the name of the attraction, or what type of attraction it is?
Yes, I am interested in the Scott Polar Museum.|Would you like to book tickets?
No, I'd like their phone number if you have it available, please.|Sure, the phone number is 01223336540. Can I help you with anything else today?
I also need a restaurant in the cheap price range please.|Is there a certain kind of food you would like?
I love Italian|ask is a nice place and serves Itailian food,o you want the adress ?
Is that in the north?|Ask is in the centre
Is there any restaurants located in the north side of town?|There is one. It is da vinci pizzeria. Shall I book it?
Yes, please book it for 13:30 on Saturday for 8 people.|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Reference number is : 1OM7H5U4. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
That is all, thank you for your help.|You're welcome and enjoy your stay.
I'm looking for any type of attraction in the centre.|There are 79 attractions including theaters, swimming pools, parks, museums and entertainments. Do you need a certain area?
Anything would be fine, but lets look up entertainment.|Cherry hinton hall and grounds is available, would that work for you?
Yes. What is the postcode and phone number? Also, I am needing a 4 star hotel in the same area. Can you check if one is available for me?|Their phone number is 01223446104 and postcode cb18dw. The University arms hotel is available and it includes both internet and parking.
Thank you so much. Would you be able to book it?|Yes I can do that for you. What day do you want to book the hotel?
Please book it for 5 people and 4 nights starting sunday.|I'm so sorry, but there are no available rooms for that length of stay starting on Sunday. Would you like to book a different day or shorten your stay?
Can you try booking it for just 1 night instead?|Booking was successful. Your reference number is TIQ96S2R. Can I help you with anything else?
No that was it. Thank you so much for your help.|You're welcome. Please feel free to let us know if there's anything else we can assist you with.
Thanks. Have a good rest of the day.|Thank you, you too.
I am looking for places to go in town in the north.|There are 4 attractions in the north. Do you want to specify an attraction type?
No I don't care.|Would you prefer to go boating, swimming, or to visit a park?
Uh, let's set it up for a park visit. I'll need the address and is there an entrance fee?|The address is milton country park, milton. Entrance is free!
Thanks, that's great! I'm also looking for a train on Thursday from Kings Lynn.|That would be to cambridge correct? I have 19 for that day. Did you have a certain time you wished to leave or arrive?
Yes correct to cambridge, and I would like to arrive by 20:45.|The latest train that leaves at 19:11 and arrives at 19:58 for 9.80 pounds. Would you like to book it?
That should work for us, I will need tickets for 7 please and the reference number.|The booking was successful. The total fee is 68.6 GBP and your reference number is 8TU1PRQV. Can I help you with anything else?
Nope, that's all, thanks. You've been most helpful today. Most helpful, indeed.|Happy to be of service. Thank you for using Cambridge TownInfo centre. Have a wonderful day!
I am looking for a particular attraction called the Funky Fun House. Can you get me directions?|Absolutely,   the address for the Funky Fun House is 8 Mercers Row located in the Mercers Row Industrial Estate.
What area of town is that in?|The Funky Fun House is in the east past of town. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Can you tell me what the entrance fee is? May i also have their postcode please?|I'm sorry, there's no entrance fee information listed for that attraction. The postcode is cb58hy.
Great, thank you. Can you also help me find a place to stay? I'd like an expensive hotel with free parking.|Sure, there are 5 hotels.  How many stars should the hotel have?
I would like a hotel in the expensive price range.|Express by Holiday Inn Cambridge is an expensive hotel in the east end. Would you like me to book it for you?
Could you book it for 3 people and for 3 nights starting on sunday?|Okay, the booking was successful. Your reference number is : 3EJ2CUS3.
Thank you! I'm all set. Goodbye!|You're welcome. Enjoy your visit!
I want to find a restaurant in the west that serves light bites. Do you have any suggestions?|No, I'm sorry. The search didn't pull up any matches.
What are some expensive restaurants?|There are a few choices in the expensive pricerange on the west side. What type of food would you prefer other than light bites?
I'd like Indian food, please.|Tandoori palace looks like a good fit for you. Could you like me to make a reservation?
Not just yet but please get me their post code, phone number and address|They are located at 68 Histon Road Chesterton. Their phone number is 01223506055 and their postcode is cb43le. Anything else I can help you with?
Yes, can you tell me if there are any concerthalls in the west?|I'm sorry, there are no concert halls located in the west, shall I check another area?
What about a college?|Okay, how about Churchill College? It's free to get in.
Thank you! Just give me the postcode and I should be good to go.|Okay the postcode is cb30ds.
Awesome. Can I get a taxi from the College by 12:15?|I'd love to help! Where are you going?
I'm headed to Tandoori Palace from the College.|I have made that taxi reservation. Look for a yello skoda and the contact number is 07041247281.
Thank you for booking that taxi and giving the contact number and car type.|You're welcome. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No thank you! That will be all!|It was a pleasure helping you today. Good-bye.
We are visiting for a couple days and would like to see some boat attractions in town.  What do you have available?|Depends on what area of town you'll be visiting.
I haven't decided on what area of town I will be staying in, I would just like to know the boat attractions please.|There are only boat attractions in the east, north and centre so If i was you I wouldn't stay in the west or south.
Ok.  I would like the name of a specific boat attraction please.|The camboats in the east side is highly suggested.  Would you like any information on them?
What is the entrance fee?|I'm sorry, but I have checked all the boat attractions in the other areas of town and none have entrance fees listed. Can I help with something else?
Yes, can you get me information about Huntingdon Marriot Hotel?|It's an expensive 4 star hotel at kingfisher way, hinchinbrook business park, huntingdon on the west side of town. Phone number is 01480446000 and postcode is pe296fl. Provides free internet/parking.
Can I book lodging for 7 people starting on Saturday? We're staying for 4 nights.|Your booking was successful, your reference number is GOL43A42. What else can I help you with today?
I also need a taxi between the two places that leaves the hotel by 17:15, please.|You are all set. Be expecting a blue Audi. Please call 07750823972 should you need to reach them.
Thank you for your help.|Thank you for contacting us and have a nice day.
Hi, can you give me some information on a particular hotel?|Yes do you have the name of the hotel?
It's called the University Arms Hotel.|It is in centre of town and has 4 stars and is priced expensive.
I'd like to book a few rooms for Thursday. Are there rooms available?|What nights are you looking to stay so I can check the availability?
I need 3 nights starting on Thursday. Should have enough room to accomodate 4 people.|I have booked it here is the information:Booking was successful.
Reference number is : 4AHCO6OI.
Great, can you help me find a multiple sports place to visit in the south also?|I'm sorry, there are no multiple sports venues in the south part of town. Would you like to try another area or attraction?
can you try entertainment ?|There are two entertainment attractions in the south. I suggest nusha.
Okay, please provide me with the postcode, and also I want a taxi to take me there. It should leave the hotel by 10:30. Give me car type and contact number|The post code for nusha is cb17dy. I'm checking on your taxi reservation.
Ok, thank you. I will need to know what kind of car is picking me up.|Booking completed! Expect a red Ford to pick you up at the hotel at 10:30. Their contact number is 07439027429. Can I assist you otherwise?
No, but thanks for all your help! Goodbye!|Have a great day!
I need a train to cambridge please. Departure day is Tuesday|Sure, where are you leaving from?
I will be coming from Kings Lynn.|Great!  When would you like to arrive in Cambridge?
As long as I leave after 11:30, I don't have an arrival time.  Please provide me with a train ID that would work.|Train TR8699 will leave at 12:11 and arrive in Cambridge at 12:58. Did you need more information or a ticket?
All set on that for now, but i do need info on a place called the scudamores punting co|Scudamore Punting Co is located at Quayside Punting Station, Magdalene St, Cambridge CB5 8AB
Thanks! Do you happen to know their entrance fee?|I actually don't see a price listed in our system. Do you need any other assistance?
No that is all I needed. Thank you.|Great!  Thanks for letting us help you today!
Oh, wait, actually there is something else. Can you tell me the travel time and the price on that train we talked about?|47 minutes. 9.80 pounds.
Ok now I am done thanks|Do you need anything else today? Can I book something for you?
That was all thank you.|Thank you for choosing our service. Please call again if we can assist in any way. Goodbye.
Hi, I am traveling to Cambridge and am so excited to try some of your local restaurants.  Can you help me choose one?|Sure can, what type of food would you like?
I would love to find a good british place in the centre of town.|There are 11 British Resturants in centre. What price point would you like?
I'd like one in the moderate price range, please.|Excellent. I have 5 options for you. Restaurant One Seven is a moderately priced British restaurant on Regent Street. Would you like the phone number?
Please make a booking for 7 people at 18:15 on Tuesday.|Reservation is booked your Reference number is : GGJCV0HF. May i help you with anything else?
I am also looking for some places to go around the restaurant. Any recommendations?|There are many attractions in the centre, do you have a preference about which kind you would like to visit?
What do you have near the restaurant?|you would love all saints church
Alright, please tell me the phone number and address there, as well as the entrance fee|You can reach them by phone at 01223452587. Entrance is free. The address is jesus lane.
Great, that's very helpful. Thank you.|Is there anything else I can do?
That is everything that I need.|Have a good time, good bye.
Can you found me a swimming pool in the south part of town?|Unfortunately I was unable to find a pool at the south part of town, however we have some north east and at the centre
What about a type of park?|There are five, including wandlebury country park in the south.
Wandlebury country park is fine. Can I get the entrance fee?|Actually, they have free entrance. They are located at Wandlebury Ring, Gog Magog Hills, Babraham. Their phone number is 01223243830. Their postcode is cb223ae.
Thanks for the info. I will give them a call.|You're welcome. Can I help you find anything else?
No, that's all I need today. Thank you!|You're welcome, have a nice day!
i need a place to go which is the type of a college.|Is there a certain area you're interested in? If that doesn't matter, I recommend Clare College in the west.
Sure, can you give me the address for that?  You said it is in the west, right?|That's right Clare College in the west part of town. The address is just trinity lane. Anything else I can do for you?
Yes, I need to book accommodation. can you recommend a guesthouse  in the northern area of town?|Is there a price range you prefer?
I would like it to be expensive please|There are no hotels that match that criteria. Are you interested in a different price range.
Are there any in the moderate price range?|I have several that match that criteria, do you care about parking or wifi?
I'd prefer it to have wifi, parking it doesn't really matter.|How does the Acorn Guesthouse sound.  It is moderately priced and has free wifi.
Sounds great, Can you book it on Sunday for 2 nights for 2 people?|I was able to book the room, the reference number is MQGFE5F1. Is there anything else I can assist with today?
I would also like to book a taxi from the college to the guesthouse. Can you help with that?|I sure can! I'll just need to know a time that you either want to arrive at the hotel by or leave the college by.
I want to leave the college by 21:15 please.|I have booked you with a yellow honda taxi. The number to contact is 07912722753.
.
Great!! Thank you for all your help.|Your welcome! Please contact us anytime. Good bye.
Hi, do you know of a good night club?|There are 5 good nightclubs in the centre and one in the south. Which area do you prefer?
It doesn't matter. Can I have the phone numbers?|Club Salsa is a nice one, phone is 07782218745. Anything else you need?
I also need a train leaving Stevenage on Saturday, please.|Certainly.  Just to confirm, is Cambridge your destination or are you looking for another destination?
I am looking to go from cambridge to stevenage on saturday leaving after 16:30|The first train out of Cambridge to Stevenage after 16:30 is the TR4216, which leaves at 17:21.
Can you tell me the time it arrives, and the price?|TR4216 arrives in Stevenage at 18:10. Total travel time is 49 minutes, and the per person fare is 10.24 GBP.
OK, thanks, that's all I need.|Okay great. Glad I could be of assistance.
Have a good day. Bye.|Thank you for choosing Help Desk.
I'm looking for an expensive restaurant.|Okay and what type of food would you like to eat?
I want Portuguese food.|I can look that up for you. What area should the restaurant be in?
In the East please.|I don't see any restaurants matching that criteria. Do you have another preference?
How about Indian food?|I would suggest sitar tandoori.
Great! Can I get their address please?|It is at 3 High Street Cherry Hinton Cherry Hinton
Thank you. I am also looking for a museum to visit near the restaurant.|The Cambridge Artworks meets your criteria and has a free entrance fee.
Great, would you happen to know there address along with postcode? Do you have there phone number as well?|Cambridge Artworks is  located at 5 greens road, postcode cb13ef, phone number 01223902168
Thank you, that will be all for me today! Bye!|Bye.  Have a great day!
Hi, can you suggest some tourist sites to visit in Cambridge?|There are 79 tourist sites listed in Cambridge. What type of attraction are you interested in seeing?
Yes, I'd love to visit a college. Is there a nice one in the city centre?|Christ's College is on Saint Andrew's Street in the centre.  It is lovely.
What's the entrance fee, address, and phone number?|Christ's college is free to enter.  It's located on saint andrew's street, and their phone number is 01223334900.  Is there anything else I can help you with?
I am looking for a train that will leave after 14:00 and should depart from cambridge.|I'm sure we can find what you're looking for. Where will you be traveling to?
I will be going to Norwich this Thursday.|How about the TR5190 train? It leaves Cambridge at 14:36 and arrives in Norwich at 15:55.
That sounds perfect, that's all that I needed to know, thank you for your help!|Thank you for choosing the help desk. Good Bye
I'm looking for an expensive Chinese food restaurant. Can you help me?|I am showing 9 chinese restaurants. Would you like a certain area?
I have no area preference. Can you make a suggestion for me?|The hakka is in the north and is excellent. Would you like a booking?
No but could I get the address for the hakka?|Sure, it is on Milton Road Chesterton. Anything else I can do for you?
Sure, I am looking for something to do in the town centre|I've found the All Saint's Church which is at Jesus Lane.  There is no entrance fee.  Would you like further information?
Actually can you give me some information on boating activities in the center and whether there is an entrance fee?|I have the cambridge punter boat located in postcode cb41as. I do not know the entrance fee you can call at 07807718591.
Okay thanks that's all I need from you. Have a good day, bye.|You're welcome! Have a great day!
I am coming to Cambridge and am so excited to see some local tourist attractions.  I just need help finding a restaurant to eat at while there.|We have a lot of great restaurants!  What kind of food do you prefer, and what price range would you like for me to check?
I want Turkish at a moderate price.|I have found 2. The anatolia or efes restaurant. Would you like a booking made today?
The Efes is fine.  I need a table for at 17:15.  I will also need the reference number.|I am getting the booking started for you now, can you give me the day and number of people please?
Book for 8 people on Friday at 17:15.|I have your made your reservation. Ref# is E7VPA79P. They will hold the table for you for 15 minutes. Is there anything else that I can be of assistance?
Yes, I'd also like to check out a cool place in the centre area.|There is a lot to do in the centre.  Are you looking for a particular type of attraction?
How about multiple sports?|There is nothing in the centre of town for sports. Would you like to try something else?
What about a museum?|The Broughton House Gallery meets your criteria, would that work?
That sounds great. Can you tell me a phone number I can reach them at, and also the entrance fee?|The phone number is 01223314960 and the entrance fee is free.
That is everything, thank you so much for your assistance.|You're welcome and enjoy your stay.
I'm planning a trip in Cambridge. Can you give me train information?|Absolutely. Let's start by figuring out where you'll be traveling from, and where your destination is.
I am traveling from Cambridge and heading to Birmingham New Street.|What day will you be traveling?
Tuesday, I am leaving from cambridge going to birmingham new street, can I get the train ID when you get a chance please?|What time would you like to depart or arrive?
I need to leave by 17:30.|I have Tr6413 leaving at 17:01. Would you like me to book a seat for you?
No, but can I get a postcode and the entrance fee?|Which attraction do you need the postcode and entrance fee for?
I'm sorry my brain got jumbled there, no to booking a seat on the train. I do need to find some architecture to look at while visiting.|The centre of town boasts some magnificent old churches. Little Saint Mary's, for instance, which is free to visit.
That sounds amazing, what postcode are they in?|It is really marvelous! The postcode is cb21qy, make sure to visit the gift shop too!
Thank you! I think that is all I need today.|You're welcome! Have a great day.
I am looking for somewhere to go in the south.|There are 8 different attractions in that area, would you maybe like to go to the cinema or a park?
Can I get post codes?|Postcodes are cb17dy, cb21sj, cb23hg, cb22ad, cb223ae, and cb17gx.
Can you help me find a train from ely to cambridge?|Is there a particular day and time you're looking for?
Yes I'm leaving on Saturday and not too early, sometime after 10:15.|There is a train from Ely to Cambridge on Friday at 11:35. Would you like a ticket on that train?
That will work. May I get the price, travel time, and train ID for that please?|TrainID: TR0212. Travel time is 17 minutes and the price is 4.4 pounds. Would you like me to book that for you?
No thank you. You've been very helpful today.|My pleasure. Enjoy your travels.
Hi, I'm looking for something to do in the centre of cambridge that would be entertainment based.|I'm sorry, I have no entertainment listings in the city centre. Would you like to try another area?
Could you find some interesting architecture then?|There are five options. Great Saint Mary's church is a great option.
Sounds great, can I have the phone number, entrance fee, and the postcode please?|Great St Mary's Church entrance fee is 2 pounds, their phone number is 01223350914, and the post code is cb23pq.
I'm also looking for a place to eat in the same area.|There are 69 restaurants in the city centre. Is there a type of food or price range you would prefer?
Could you find me something moderately priced, please? I'm not picky about what it is.|The yipppee noodle bar serves Asian food in the city centre and is moderately priced. Would you like the address and phone number?
That's not necessary. I want to book a table for 1 person at 15:45 on Saturday.|Unfortunately that's already been booked. Would you like to try another time?
how about 14:45?|Yes 14:45 works! You table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Your reference number is DG9TSIVA. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No that's it, you've been great, thank you!|I'm glad I was able to help.  Please call back if you have any more questions!
I want a train that leaves on Monday.|There are several trains leaving on Monday. May I have your destination?
I would like to travel from Norwich to Cambridge. Are there any leaving after 21:00?|Yes, I could get you tickets on a train leaving at 21:16. TR8920. Would you like to book passage?
Can you tell me what the arrival time is?|it should arrive by 22:35
Would yopu like me to book it for you ?|Well, I can book it for YOU if you would like.  Would you like me to?
No thanks but could you help me find a good college to visit on the south side of town?|I am sorry none of them are in the south. Something else perhaps?
How about a theater in the south?|I have one. What info would you like to know?
why don't you suggest a couple for me please then I will decide what info I need.|The junction theatre is the only one that meets your specified critera.
Okay, thanks! Can you please tell me the entrance fee, address, and phone number?|The address is clifton way, the postcode is cb17gx, but I don't know the entrance fee. Is there anything else you need?
No, but thank you for everything, have a nice day|Have a great day as well. Goodbye.
Hi. I'm looking for a fancy restaurant that serves English food.|Unfortunately there is no expensive English restaurant. Would you be interested in African, Asian Oriental, or British food?
Not really. How about a place that has Mexican food?|chiquito restaurant bar is available, should I book it?
Can I have the area and address please not sure if I want to book it yet?|It is located in the south and the address is 2G Cambridge Leisure Park Cherry Hinton Road Cherry Hinton. Is there anything else I can do for you?
Yes, are there any parks nearby that I can visit as well?|Yes, there is the Wandlebry Country Park in the south.
Great, can I get the postcode?|Absolutely. Their postcode is cb223ae. Can I be of any further assistance today?
No. That is all. Thank you!|Thanks for using our service, and I hope you enjoy your time in Cambridge!
I need a train from  london liverpool street to cambridge.|There are many trains. What day and what time?
I would like to leave on Friday after 21:45 please.|Train TR6769 fits what you're looking for. Would you like me to book you passage?
No, I just need to know the travel time of the train at the moment.|I will book it for you,is there anything else I can do for you ?
I am looking for information.  Can you help me with a place to stay while I'm in town?|I can help you.  Which part of town?
The North part of town is where I want to go and  include free parking and should have a star of 4|Okay, how about the Acorn Guest House? It's located on 154 chesterton road. Would you like me to make a reservation?
That sounds perfect. I need a room for 3 people and 4 nights starting from sunday.|The booking was successful. You have a reservation for 3 people, staying 4 nights a Acorn Guest House starting on Sunday. Your Reference number is : Z45I87LD.
Thank you! I also need a swimming pool in the north area of Cambridge.|I'd recommend jesus green outdoor pool. Would you like more information?
Can you please provide me with the address, postcode and phone number?|Sure! The address is between victoria road and the river, the postcode is cb43px, and the phone number is 01223302579.
Lastly a taxi from the hotel to the pool please.|Do you have a arrival time in mind ?
I want to to leave the hotel by 10:30.|When is your arrival time?
My arrival time will be 17:00.|Your taxi have been booked for a black volvo and its contact number is 07055228719.
Thanks. That is all for today.|thanks for inquiring with us and have a great day
Thanks. I hope your day is good too.|it sure is. thanks.
Good. Glad to hear it. You can end this conversation now. I don't need anything else.|Thank you for using our service.
I am coming to Cambridge soon to see the many local attractions.|I have various attractions all over town. Is there a specific area you are wanting to find something to do?
Well, first I need to find a place to stay. I need a hotel in the south part of town with free parking.|Yes, I have cheap and moderately priced guesthouses in the south, as well as one expensive hotel. Do you have a preference?
I would like a moderately priced guesthouse, please.|I have two places, is there a star rating you prefer?
I don't have a preference.  Could you make a recommendation?|I like the aylesbray lodge guest house since it is the same price and has an extra star.
Can you book that for 1 person for 3 nights starting saturday?|Booking was successful. Your reference number is  EKA7G2P9. Can I help you with anything else?
Yes, I am also looking to go out to the Soul Tree Nightclub.|Sure. That nightclub is in the centre area on 1-6 corn exchange street. Would you like to book a taxi?
Yes, I'd like a taxi to commute between the night club and the guesthouse. I want to leave by 15:00.|Your pickup car will be a black volkswagen and the contact number is 07450209981. Anything else I can do for you?
No, thank you! You have been so helpful!|Thanks, enjoy your trip!
Thanks for being a great help!|Thank you, please remember you can contact us at any time if you need more assistance! Have a great day!
I'm bored and need to venture out into the centre. What should I absolutely go see?|there are lots of museums, colleges, and churches to visit
What kind of museums are offered in that area?|There are 11 museums in the centre of town. They are all free to enter.
Perfect. I also need a train that goes to cambridge and arrives by 20:15.|Can I ask where you're departing from and what day?
departing from peterborough and going to cambridge.|There are quite a few trains all week that could fit your needs. Which specific day are needing so we can narrow these down a bit.
I'll be travelling on Wednesday|Tra TR0922 leaves at 13:17 and you will arrive by 14:L08 that is the latest one,can I book it for you ?
May I have the price ?|The fare is 23.60 pounds
How long is the train ride from Peterborough to Cambridge, please?|The trip will last 50 minutes
Thanks, that's it for today. Goodbye!|Did you want reservations?
Can you locate a train departing from Cambridge on Friday? Thanks!|Yes, of course. There are multiple trains departing from Cambridge on Friday. Do you have a destination in mind?
Yes, I'd like to go to peterborough and should leave afer 20:00.|I have a train leaving at 20:34 would that be okay?
That would be great.  Can you book 5 seats for me please?  What is the reference number.  Thank you.|Your booking was successful.  Your reference number is MUF6GL55.
I am also looking for a cinema in the centre.|Vue Cinema is in the center of town, at The Grafton Centre, East Road.
Could you give me the entrance fee and phone number?|The entrance fee is not listed but the phone number is 08712240240. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Great that was all I needed thanks for your help today.|You are welcome. Enjoy Cambridge.  Bye.
I need a theatre in the centre of town.|I found four theaters. Would you like to try the ADC Theatre?
That sounds good, I need the postcode and the entrance fee as well please.|The postcode is cb58as. Unfortunately, the entrance fee is unknown. Would you like the phone number so you can call them to ask?
Sure, I also need a train that leaves from Cambridge and arrives by 16:45.|Adc theatre's phone is 01223300085. There are 819 trains departing cambridge. Could you be more specific on your destination and what day you'd like to leave on?
I would like to travel to Leicester on Sunday.  Can you arrange this trip?|I found one that leaves at 05:21 would that work for you?
Well, I need to arrive by 16:45, and want to depart from Cambridge.  Does that one match my request?|Yes it does, it's train TR2025 if you'd like to book.
Yes please book that for 2 people.|Sure, your reference number is LGM5AGUR. Is there anything else I can do for you?
No, I think that covers it all, thanks for your help.|Of course, have a great day.
I'm excited about seeing local tourist attractions!!  Can you help me??|Absolutely we have 79 locations, do you have a style you'd like to see?
I'm looking for a hotel called Cityroomz, do you know anything about that?|Yes, it's located at sleeperz hotel, station road.
Yes I would like to book a room for 1 person for three nights starting on Tuesday.|I was able to book you a room for three days starting on Tuesday. Your reference number is NZ2XYT90. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Can you also find a nightclub in the west?|There are no nightclubs in the west. Another type or place perhaps?
Well, could you look for a college?|Churchill college has a lot going on at night, that would be a good fit, would you like more information?
Sure can I get the phone number to this college?|The phone number is 01223336233. Is there anything else i can help you with ?
Thanks! I also need to book a taxi from the hotel to the club, leaving the hotel by 19:45. Can you please help me with that?|I was able to find a taxi it will be a white ford and the number is 07987674109. Can I assist you with anything else today?
no that will be all|Thank you for calling Cambridge TownInfo centre! It's a been a pleasure to help you, I hope you enjoy your time in Cambridge!
I am looking for a place in the centre of town serving indian food.|There are 9 different Indian restaurants in the centre of town. Do you have a particular price range in mind?
I would like an expensive restaurant.|I have 6 restaurants that meet that criteria. The curry garden or panahar are two I enjoy.
the curry garden sounds good.  Can you please provide me with the address and postcode.  Thank you.|Sure!  The address is 106 regent street city centre.  Their postcode is cb21dp.  Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Yeah, I would like to know about an attraction called saint barnabas press gallery.|Sure!  St. Barnabas Press Gallery is located in the east at The Belfast Yard, Coldham's Rd.  It's free to attend.  The phone number is 01223902116.
Thanks so much - that's all I need today.|Glad I could help, have a great day!
I am looking for places to go in a boat in the Cambridge area. Can you help me?|Sure, we have 4 different boat attractions here in Cambridge. What part of town will you be in?
Any part of town would be fine, can I just get the postcode of one?|Absolutely. The postcode for Camboats is cb58sx, located East of Cambridge.
I'm also looking for a train leaving from Cambridge and arriving by 15:15.|Where are you traveling to please?
I would like to go to peterborough.|Awesome. And for what day will that be for?
Traveling to peterborough will be on Monday.|TR2586 arrives by 14:56. Would you like to book it?
Can you tell me the departure time as well as the travel time of the train?|The train leaves at 14:06 and will arrive at the destination in 50 minutes
Great. Thank you very much. That is all I need for now.|We are happy to help. Thank you for using our service. Have a great day!
I can't seem to find any information about the cambridge and county folk museum, please help.|sure their phone number is 01223355159. anything else you'd like to know?
Can I get the address and what type of attraction it is?|2-3 castle street and its a museum,
Okay, great. I'm also looking for a train. I need to depart from Cambridge after 17:30.|Okay, what day would you like to travel?
I'll be leaving on Tuesday and going to Peterborough.|TR9561 departs at 17:34. Does that work for you?
yeah can you get me a ticket?|Booking was successful, reference number is 5OUM8ZE9. The fee is 16.5 GBP payable at the station. Is there anything else I can help you with a restaurant maybe?
No.  That's it for now. Thanks!|You're welcome.  Have a nice stay in Cambridge.  Goodbye.
I'm looking for an attraction in the west.|Are you looking for anything in particular? There are museums, colleges, and an entertainment venue on the west side of town.
I think a museum sounds good.|There are several in that area. 4 has no entrance fee and 1 costs 3.50 pounds. Did you have a preference?
I suppose I could visit the one that cost. Could I get the address, phone number and postcode to that location please?|cambridge and county folk museum is located at 2-3 castle street post code cb30aq. their phone number is 01223355159. is there anything else i could help you with?
Actually, I'm looking for an expensive place to eat after I visit the museum. I'm hoping for latin american food.|I'm sorry, there are none that meet your criteria. Is there anything else you would prefer, or maybe a not-so-expensive restaurant?
How about Indian food.|There are five options, but I recommend maharajah tandoori restaurant, would you like more information or a booking?
Okay, please book for tuesday at 13:15. It'll be 5 of us dining. I'll need the reference number|I am sorry, our system is down and I can't get that booked right now. Is there anything else?
I will also need to book a taxi.|Your all set! Sorry for any confusion. Your ref number is 9UQFB5UA make sure you get there 15 minutes ahead!
Thank you. What kind of car will they be driving?|They will be driving a white skoda. Is there anything else I can help with?
Do you have their contact number?|Yes, their contact number is 07346227585
OK, I guess that is all. Thanks a lot!|You are welcome
I need a restaurant on the north side, Italian if possible.|Da vinci pizzeria is in the north part of town and serves Italian food.
Are they in the cheap price range? I'm kind of limited on funds.|Yes, they are. Would you like to make a reservation?
Not at the moment. Can you give me their address, phone number, and postcode, please?|20 Milton Road Chesterton	cb41jy and their phone number is 01223351707.
Great, thanks.  I'm also interested in finding an attraction that is also in the north.|What sort of attraction would you like it to be?
anything that is in the same area as the restaurant.|I have 4 attractions. 2 are swimming pools, 1 park and 1 boating attraction. Which do you prefer?
The boating attraction sounds like a lot of fun. How much do they charge to get in?|The entrance fee isnt available on line. 	01223902091 is the phone number if you'd like to call them. Can I help you with anything else?
Could you give me the postcode?|The postcode for Riverboat Georgina is cb43ax. Is there anything else I may assist you with today?
No thanks. that is all.|Have a wonderful day. Goodbye.
I am looking for a swimming pool to go to in the north.|There are two swimming pools to go to in the north. Would you rather go to Jesus Green Outdoor Pool or Kings Hedges Learner Pool?
Great can I get their phone number?|The phone number for Jesus Green is 01223302579, and the number for Kings Hedges is 01223353248. Is there anything else I can do to help?
No, thank you.|Okay. well I have no information on entrance fee but I do have their locations specifics. Would you like those as well?
No, thank you.|Well I'm glad I could help you and if there's anything else you need, please call us again.
Hi there. Real quick. Having a blast. I want a REALLY good restaurant not too far from my hotel. What do you have?|I'll be happy to help- but I need to know what region your hotel is in first.
I'm in the centre of town.|We have a lot of restaurants available in the city centre.  Do you prefer a certain type of food?
I have no food preference, but I would prefer an expensive restaurant.|The Bedouin is an African restaurant that offers a high quality experience. Would you be interested?
Yes. Please book for 7 people on Thursday at 12:30.|I have made that reservation for you. Your reference number is K7HFUCR6. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I am also looking for an attraction in the same area I will eat.|I have about 44 different attractions in the centre of town. Lots of architecture, colleges, boating, cinemas, concerthalls, museums, nightclubs, swimming pools, and theatres. What interests you?
Can you recommend a place?|I like great saint mary's church.  Need some info on it?
Yes, how much is the entrance fee for st. mary's church?|Great Saint Mary's Church is located in Market Square, cb23pq and the entrance fee is 2 pounds. Would you like a booking?
No thank you that will be all|It was my pleasure. Have a good evening.
Can you assist me with finding a moderately priced restaurant?|Certainly. We have 31 moderately priced restaurants. Is there any particular cuisine you would prefer?
I'm looking for a place near the center of town that serves european food.|How about the Hotel Du Vin and Bistro?  Would you like to book a table for this restaurant?
Yes, that would work. Could you make it for Sunday at 16:30 for 1.|That booking was unsuccessful, I'm sorry.  Is there another day or time that would work?
How about 15:30?|They do indeed have a table at that time. Your reference number is 0WBNIZLJ.
Thank you. Is there a museum in the same area as the restaurant that I could go to?|There are 11, I would recommend broughton house gallery because it has free admission.
Alright, that sounds good to me. Could you give me their address and phone number please?|Sure, their address is 98 King Street, and the phone number is 01223314960.
Thank you. that is all the information I'l be needing today!|Have a wonderful time!
I'm looking for museums|I can recommend a museum for you.  First, was there a particular area of town you wanted to visit?
I am open to suggestions on the location.|The cafe jello gallery is a museum in the west of town.
Can you recommend an Italian restaurant in the centre as well?|Do you have a preference for the price range?
I am on a tight budget so would prefer something in the cheap price range.|zizzi cambridge is in the cheaper range, how does that sound?
That sounds perfect. Can you book me a table for 3 on Thursday at 18:45?|I was unable to book at that time. would you like to try another time?
Yes, can you try to book at 17:45?|Booking was successful, the reference number is FDCBUD77 the table will be held for 15 minutes, anything else that I can assist with?
I think that is all I need, thank you. Good bye.|I'm happy we were able to help you today. Enjoy your time in Cambridge!
I would like to find a museum in the centre.|How about broughton house gallery? It's free of charge.
Sure! What's the address of the Broughton House Gallery?|The address is 98 King Street. Can I help you with anything else?
Yes, I am also looking for a moderate priced restaurant that serves turkish food.|Anatolia is an excellent choice. They're located at 30 Bridge Street City Centre, cb21uj. Would you like to book a table?
Can you please tell me if it's in the same area as the gallery? I'm not familiar with the town.|Yes, it is also in the centre of town
Great.  Please make a reservation for two on Sunday.|Ok   I will book it for you
I am traveling to Cambridge and excited about seeing local tourist attractions, any suggestions for me?|There are several attractions in Cambridge. What type of attractions are you interested in?
Actually, let's find some lodging accommodations first. I'd like something moderately priced with a 4-star rating. Oh, and I'll have my laptop with me so I'd like wifi to be included.|There are 11 guest houses available. Is there is certain area of the city you prefer?
Any area is fine, can you book one for 7 people for 2 nights starting on wednesday?|I'm sorry, apparently none of our guesthouses can accommodate 7 people for 2 nights on Wednesday. Would you like to try a different day or stay period?
Hmm. I suppose we could leave a little sooner. Are there any that can accommodate us for one night?|I was able to book you A and B guesthouse for 1 night, reference number is EQG0KVRJ
Great! Thank you! I'm also looking for places to go in town.|We're fortunate, Cambridge has many attractions. What did you have in mind?
I would like to visit a park. Can you tell me about any parks in the city?|Wandlebury Country Park is in the south of town, would you like to know more?
Thank you, that's all I need for now.|You're welcome. Enjoy!
I'd like to find a Turkish restaurant in the center of town.|I have three Turkish restaurants in the centre of town. Are you looking for a specific price range?
An expensive restaurant would be nice.|Then the Meze Bar Restaurant is the one for you. Would you like a reservation?
Yes please, can I reserve for 6 people at 12:15 on tuesday?|Your table for 6 has been booked on Tuesday. Can I help you with something else?
Could I have the reference number please|Sure.  Reference number is : TJ09LFVD.  Can I help you with anything else today?
Yes, I'm looking for a college to visit.|Do you have a part of town you prefer?
the centre around the same area as the restaurant do you have any suggestions?|how about christ's college its in the centre and free admission
That's a great suggestion. Thanks. I will also need a taxi between the college and the restaurant, please.|What time would you like to leave? or arrive by?
I just need it to arrive by 12:15 for the reservation.|Your taxi reservation on a grey Lexus has been completed. You will be picked up at Christ's College and dropped off at Meze Bar Restaurant. The contact number is 07700069470
Thank you so much!, Have a great Day!|Thank you for using our services. Have we met all of your needs today?
Thank you good bye.|your welcome, have a great day!
I am looking for someplace to go and it needs to be a swimming pool|Okay. There are four swimming pools in town: one in the east, two in the north, and one in the centre. Do you have a preference?
Not really. Can you tell me about what's available?|Yes, abbey pool and astroturk pitch is in the east, jesus green outdoor pool and kings hedges learner pool are in the north, and parkside pools is in the centre.
I also need a train to cambridge on sunday|I can absolutely help you with that.  So that I can find you the best option, can you tell me where you will be departing from?
I am departing from birmingham new street. Oh, I also need the address for the swimmingpool. You mentioned parkside pools in the centre. Their address?|Parkside Pools' is located on Gonville Place, postcode cb11ly. Now for your train. What time would you like to depart or arrive by?
I would like to leave after 18:00|There is a train on sunday at 7:40pm. Would you like me to book it?
Is that departing from Birmingham New Street to Cambridge on Sunday? If so then yes book that for two tickets and I need the reference number as well.|Yes, all the information you stated was correct. I was able to book you 2 tickets. Your reference number is CAMPLIZO. The total free is 120.16 GBP due at the station.
Excellent, thanks for your help!|You're very welcome! Is there anything else you need help with today?
No that is all. Good bye!|Thank you have a great day
I'm looking for a train leaving from Broxbourne on Tuesday.|There are many to choose from. Where are you going and what day would you like to travel?
I am going to Cambridge. I would like the train to leave on Tuesday after 08:15.|Do you have an arrival time in mind?
Any arrival time is fine, can you give me an arrival time and travel time?|The travel time is 1 hour.  There's a train leaving at 08:32 and arriving at 9:32, will that be acceptable?
Yes that's fine. I am looking for something to do for entertainment, any attractions you could tell me about?|Yes, there are quite a few attractions. What type of entertainment are you looking for?
I am looking for either a theater, zoo, fair, or concert. What are the entrance fee's for each?|The Man on the Moon concerthall is on Norfolk Street, but it does not list an entrance fee.  That seems to be the only thing you would like.
I think that is all I need for now. Thanks, bye.|Your welcome. Have a great night!
I would like to find a nice attraction to visit in the centre of town.|I would be happy to help you find a great attraction to visit!  What kind of attraction are you interested in visiting?
I have no preference.  Can you make a recommendation and provide the address, entrance fee, and postcode?|How about the Broughton House Gallery? There is no entrance fee.
whats its postcode and address? i would also like to get a train that leaves friday from kings lynn|The address is 98 King Street and the postcode is cb11ln. What is your destination on Friday?
I'll be heading to Cambridge, but I can't leave until sometime after 21:15, please.|There are two trains meeting your needs. The earlier train leaves at 22:11 and the later train at 23:11. The ride takes 47 minutes. Which do you want me to book?
Can you get me one ticket on the 22:11 train?|I managed to book you on that train. The total fee is 9.8 GBP and the reference number is 9M753T1T.
Great, thanks! I think that's all I needed.|You're welcome.
Can you book a hotel room for me?|I'd love to. What price range where you looking in?
I'd like cheap.|Best choice will be the Cambridge Belfry, rated at 4 stars, but very inexpensive. What night will you be checking in, so I can get a booking started for you?
Yes can you please book that for me?|Yes, how many people will be attending?
Please book it for 5 people and 5 nights starting from monday.|Your reservations have been made. Your reference number is X1ZCL9AO.  Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Yes, i am looking for a college to visit on the west side of town..|There are 5 in that area. 3 have free entrance while the other 2 charge 2.50 pounds.
pick a free one for me and get me the entrance fee|consider clare hall, which is a college in the western area of town
What is the entrance fee?|The entrance fee is 2.50 pounds.
Thank you so much for your help.|You are quite welcome. Can I be of any further assistance for you today?
That's all for today. Thank you|I'm happy to be of service, and enjoy your time in Cambridge!
I am planning a trip to Cambridge and I'm looking for a place to stay. I prefer a 4 star hotel in the west.|If price is no object, I'd recommend the Huntingdon Marriott Hotel. I also have a cheap hotel and a cheap guesthouse in the west.
I would prefer a guesthouse with free wifi. Do you have one?|Yes, finches bed and breakfast is a guesthouse in the east, cheap yet 4 stars, and both parking and internet are available. Would you like to book a room?
Do they have free parking?|Yes, they have parking. Would you like to book or know more info?
id love to book!|Great, can you tell me when you'd like to book?
Can you please give me the address and phone number of the location? I would also like to find some college-related attractions in that area.|The number for Finches is 01223276653.  The address is 144 Thornton Road.
OK, thank you.  I can't book just yet.  Are there any colleges in the east part of town?|There are no colleges available in the east part of town.
Hmm.  Is there a similar guesthouse in an area that does have colleges?|No, unfortunately. That's the only place.
I'd like to book a taxi leaving the hotel by 21:00.  I'd also like the contact number and car type.|I apologize for any confusion, there are actually 5 colleges located on the West side of town near the guesthouse. I would recommend visiting the Churchill College.
Great! May I have the address and phone number?|Sure.  Churchill College is on storey's way, and the phone is 01223336233.
Great, now I need to book a taxi to go between the two, please.|I have booked your taxi. It is a black lexus and the contact number is 07034946796.
Great! Thanks for your help.|You're welcome! Is there anything else I can do for you?
Actually I think there has been some confusion. I'm looking for a 4 star guesthouse with free wifi in the WEST. The locations you gave me are in the wrong area.|I do apologize for the confusion earlier, I misspoke. Finches B & B is in fact in the West.
Okay, thank you.|Would you like more information?
Nah that won't be necessary. Appreciate the help!|Thank you, I'm glad we could help!
I am looking for some places to go in the east. I'd like an entertainment attraction. Can you give me some suggestions and phone numbers please?|Cherry Hinton Hall's number is 01223446104. The phone number for Funky Fun House is 01223304705.
What other types of attractions are available in the east?|There are swimming pools, parks, museums and multiple sport attractions as well.
What type of attraction is Cherry Hinton Hall?|It is an entertainment place, does that satiate your desires?
That sounds great.  I also need a hotel in the same area as the attraction|Do you have an accommodation type or price range?
I need a hotel with free parking.|There is no hotel in the east with free parking
okay can you look for a hotel without free parking?|I didn't mention that there are guesthouses in the east with free parking. Did you specifically need a hotel type or would a guesthouse be okay?
I will take anything with free parking.|I recommend the Allenbell guesthouse. Would you like to book a room there?
Can you let me know if they have internet, their address, and phone number?|Yes Allenbell has internet and the phone number is 01223210353 address is 517a coldham lane.	Would you like for me to reserve you a room?
I will be flying into Stanstead airport on Wednesday and need to connect with a train to cambridge from there, can you help me?|Sure, what time are you looking for?
I'd like to leave after 13:30.|There is a train from Stansted Airport to Cambridge on Wednesday at 14:24. The trip will take 28 minutes and cost 10.10 pounds. Do you want to book now?
Yes please get me 8 tickets.|I have booked 8 tickets. The total for that is 80.8 GBP and is payable at the station. Your confirmation code is C7D09SVQ.
Thank you. Can you also help me find a museum to visit?|In what area would you like the museum to be?
In the west please, I am open to suggestions just let me know what the postcode, entrance fee a number are.|I would suggest Kettle's Yard. They are on Castle Street in the west. They offer free entrance. Their address is 23 High Street, Fen Ditton. Their phone number is 01223748100.
Kettle's Yard sounds great. May I have the postcode please?|Sure.  The postcode is CB30AQ.  It is free to enter.   Would you like further information?
No, that should be all I need. Thank you so much!|Thank you enjoy your day.
I am looking for a train leaving from Cambridge.|I can certainly help you with that. Where are you traveling to and do you have a certain departure and arrival time?
I need to leave for leicester on Sunday after 11:45.|Train TR7678 would work for you, would you like me to book you passage?
No. Could you just tell me the travel time and ticket price?|Sure train TR7678 leaves at 12:21 and arrives at 14:06. That is a total time of 105 minutes. The cost is 30.24 pounds.
Thanks! i'm looking for places in the south that are parks|There are 2 parks in the south. Would you like me to recommend one for you?
Yes, please. I'll need their phone number and address please.|The wandlebury county park's phone number is 01223243830 and the address is wandlebury ring, gog magog hills, babraham
What is the postcode, please?|The postcode for Sheep's Green and Lammas Land Park Fen Causeway is cb22ad. Wandlebury Country Park is cb223ae. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
No, I think that covers it. Thanks so much for your help. Bye!|Glad I could be of help. Have a great day! Goodbye.
Please help me identify places to go in the centre of town that are entertainment attractions.|There are no matching records for entertainment in the centre of town. Would you like to change your criteria?
How about a boating place then?|There are two boating places, Scudamores punting co and The Cambridge Punter, which would you like?
Either one, i just need the address and postcode.|The address and post code is different for each which one would you like please?
Ok, how about Scudamores Punting Company then.|Alright, the address and postcode for Scudamores Punting Co. is Granta Place, Mill Lane, postcode cb21rs.  Is there anything else I can help you with today?
I also need train tickets.|I can help with that. What day will you be traveling and where are you departing from?
Leaving on Monday from Cambridge.|What is your destination?
I've like to go to birmingham new street.|What time would you like to leave and arrive by?
i need to leave after 19:15|TR2850 leaves at 20:01. Would you like me to book a ticket?
Please book for 8 tickets.|i have booked those for you. your reference number is 2hf8aktq.
Thank you so much for your help!|Is there anything else you need?
No thank you! That will be all. Bye!|Ok! Have a great day!
I would like to visit an attraction called the man on the moon.|Sure, it is a concert hall located at 2 Norfolk Street, postcode cb12lf.
Thank you very much.|Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, I am also looking for an expensive Halal restaurant to dine at.|Could you help me narrow that down by choosing an area and type of food?
I would like halal food in the centre of town.|It looks like there is not any in the centre of town.  Would you like me to try a different section of the city?
Is there an African restaurant in the center?|There is. Would you like me to book that for you?
Yes, please. I'll need a table on Saturday. It will be at 13:30. 6 people will be dining.|Great.  I made a booking for six people.  The reference number is MIDBIUFE.
Thank you so much. That was all I needed.|Do you need me to look up anything else for your trip?
Nope that was it for today, thanks!|May I book you a taxi?
No thank you. I have to go. Thanks for all of your help!|Great.  Have a fun trip!
Hi, I'm looking for places to visit. Mainly in the western part.|I would be happy to help you with that!  We have colleges, museums, and entertainment attractions in that area.  Which would you like to visit?
I think I'd like to visit an entertainment attraction.  Do they have entrance fees?|Whale of a Time is the only attraction I see for that area.  There is no entrance fee listed, but the phone is 01954781018.
I'm also looking for a train that departs from cambridge and leave on Monday.|There are a number of trains leaving from Cambridge on Monday, is there a specific destination and time you'd like to leave?
I'd like to arrive at Leicester by 17:45.  And what was that postcode for Whale of a Time again?|TR5465 arrives Leicester at 17:06. Would that work for you? And the postcode for Whale of a time is cb238el.
Yes, I would like to make a booking for 8 people.|Okay your booking was a success and your reference number is L1ZY1OJE, is there anything else you need today?
Just want to make sure, that reference number is for the train, TR5465?|That is correct. It departs cambridge at 15:21 and arrices in leicester at 17:06 on Monday.
postcode, phone number, and area|I do not have the postcode, phone number, and area for the train station. May I help you with anything else?
Thank you for all your help. You have a great day.|You have a wonderful day yourself!
I need a three star hotel with internet. Can you help?|I'm sorry, I cannot help you with hotels. Are you sure that's what you're looking for?
I'm sorry.  I meant to ask for information on a restaurant.  It's called the Stazione Restaurant and Coffee Bar.|The stazione restaurant is an expensive, italian restaurant located in the centre area. Would you like me to make you a booking today?
Yes, sounds wonderful.  Can you book a table for 7 at 12:00 on Saturday?|The booking was successful. Your table will be reserved for 15 minutes and your reference number is TA6XS4CY.
Great. I also need to find an attraction in the center and would like to know what type, address and entrance fee you find.|Okay what kind of attraction are you looking for?
Anything you'd recommend, as long as it's in the centre.|I recommend the vue cinema, it's got a lot of great features to watch!
Sounds good!  Could I have the address and entrance fee, please?|Address is the grafton centre, east road, I do not know the entrance fee.
Thanks! Do you have a phone number so I can find the entrance fee.|The phone number is 08712240240.
Thank you! And this is a cinema attraction?|Yes it is. Is there anything else I can do for you?
I don't need anything else.|I hope you have a good trip.  Have a great day.
Are there any 'touristy' and expensive restaurants in the north of town that I can go to? Thanks for any suggestions.|There are 5 restaurants in the north end, do you prefer asian food or european food?
I would prefer Asian food.|I would recommend the Saigon City for you. Should I make a booking for you and your party?
No, I'm not sure when I'm going yet.  Can I just get the phone number?|Sure thing 01223356555
I also want to go to an attraction in the same area as the restaurant.|i have four, do you have any specific attraction in mind?
I would like to visit a museum or a nice nightclub in the north.|There are no museums or nightclubs in the north. Do you want to search elsewhere?
No, what attractions are available?|I have a boat, a park and 2 swimming pools available in the area you are looking for.
The park sounds good. Can you give me the postcode? And is there an entrance fee?|Admission is free! The postcode is cb43px.
Lastly, I need a taxi from the park to the restaurant, we plan to leave the park at 10:30.|Your taxi has been booked. It will be a grey Honda and their number is 07705876562.
Thank you. That is all I need.|Thanks for letting us assist you today! Enjoy your visit!
Please help me find an expensive thai restaurant.|Would you like to try sala thong? It is in the west part of town.
That sounds good. Can you book me a table on Thursday at 16:30?|Sure I can help with that.  How many people shall I make the reservation for?
There will be five people, can I get the phone number in case I have to change it?|01223323178 is the phone number
Thanks, so can you make the reservation for me?|Reference number is : W2OO5LNF. Is there anything else?
Can you help me find a fun place to visit in the east part of town?|How about the Funky Fun House for entertainment? It's in the east, but I don't have any information on the entrance fee.
Can I get the Funky Fun House's phone number please?  I think I'll call them and check on it.|The phone number is 01223304705.
Okay great! That's all I needed. Thank you!|You're welcome!  Have a great day!
Yes, I am looking for information.  Can you help me find a train?|Where would you like to go to?
I need to head to Cambridge from Leicester please.|I have 133 trains that leave Leicester to Cambridge. Can you tell me the day and time you would like to travel?
I need one that leaves after 20:00.|Train 6383 leaves at 20:09 and arrives at 21:54.  Would you like me to book you a ticket?
Yes for 3 people please, and do you mind providing me the reference number?|I have made those reservations and your reference number is BW9QJDNO.
I also need information on cambridge book and print gallery.|Cambridge Book and Print Gallery is a museum located in the west at 49 Newnham Road at postcode cb39ey. It is free and their phone number is 01223594264.
What area of town is that in?|They are located in the west part of town. Any other info I can provide?
Nope, that's all I need today. Thanks for all your help!|You are welcome.  Safe travels!
Have a nice day. Bye.|Thanks and have a great trip!
Hi there! I'm looking for some kind of fun attraction in the center of town.|We have a wide range of attractions in the center of town: achitecture, boats, cinema, colleges, museums, nightclubs, parks, swimmingpools, and theatres. Which would you enjoy?
I think a museums might be nice. Can you recommend one to me?|there are many too choose from! would you like to visit an art museum?
Can you still just recommend one please??|I recommend primavera it's free and located at 10 king s parade. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, I'm looking to book the hotel El Shadai starting on Thursday for 8 people and 4 nights.|Your booking was successful. The reference number is ERQXH3VN. Can I help with anything else?
No. I think that's all. Good day. Bye.|Thank you for contacting us. Have a nice day.
I am looking to find a place to eat in Centre please.|There are many to choose from. I'm partial to The Varsity Restaurant myself, they serve international cuisine. Or were you in the mood for something else?
I would like belgian food in the moderate price range.|There are no belgian restaurants in the area.  May I suggest Cote?  They serve expensive French food and they are located in the Centre.
How about international food?|Okay, we've got two restaurants like that, Varsity and Bloomsburg.  Do you have a preference?
Whatever one you recommend, I just need the phone number and address.|The Varsity is located at 35 Saint Andrews Street City Centre and their phone number is 01223356060. Can I help with anything else today?
Yes, I'm looking for a particular attraction called ballare.|I gave that here, what would you like to know?
I just need the post code. Thank you.|The postcode for Ballare is cb23na. Will that be all?
Yes, that all I need, thanks.|Thank you for using our system today!
Hello, I am traveling soon and can't wait to see some local tourist attractions.  Can you help me find a place to stay when I am there?|Do you have a preference in area?
No, I don''t have an area preference. I would like to stay in a guesthouse with at 4 star rating. I also need WiFi.|I would suggest the acorn guest house would you like the info?
Is there another nearby option?|Yes, there are several options. They are all priced in either the cheap or moderate price range. Do you have a preference?
I have no price range preference, do any have free parking?|The Allenbell is in east. It has free wifi and parking. Would you like me to book that for you?
No thank you. Can you please give me the address?|it is located in 517a coldham lane, postcode cb13js
Could you give me information on Cafe Jello Gallery?|sure its located in the west and is a museum. Free admission too
I also need a tax leaving my hotel by 18:30 to take me to the museum.|You are booked, look for a ford pinto.  kidding, look for a yellow lexus, the drivers contact info is 07407659393, any further questions?
That is all I need today, thank you.|No problem, have a great day.
I need a train departing Cambridge and I need it to arrive by 21:00|Where are you headed to? And what day are you traveling?
Looking to go to Stansted Airport on Sunday|I have TR5009 leaving at 18:40 and arriving by 19:08.  Would you like me to book this for you?
book for one person please.|I was able to book that ticket for you. Your reference number is 642J5XG0. Is there anything else I can do for you today?
Can you give me information about the riverboat georgina?|The riverboat georgina is currently docked on the Northend at Cambridge Passenger Cruisers, Jubilee House, postcode cb43ax. Their phone is: 01223902091. I have no info on their entrance fee. Anything else?
No, thanks. You answered all my questions. Thanks so much. Have a good day. Goodbye.|Have a good day.
Hi! Can you tell me about some of the museums in Cambridge?|Certainly!  There are 23 museums in Cambridge.  Are there any particular type of museum that you are interested in?
Can you recommend one to me and give me the address?|Sure, the byard art's address is 14 king's parade
What is the entrance fee?|The entrance fee for the museum is free.   Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
Yes can you find a restaurant in the south that serves creative food?|I'm sorry there are no restaurants that match your requests, is there another type of food?
How about on that serves Mexican food?|Yes, I have a place called Chiquito restaurant bar, does that sound like something you would enjoy?
Yes, could I book it for 5 people at 12:00 on Wednesday, please?|Certainly. I've booked you for 5 people at 12:00 at the Chiquito Restaurant Bar.
I am planning a trip in Cambridge.|Sure, I can help you get here.  Where will you be leaving from?
I will be coming in from Ely on Tuesday.|I can help you with that. Do you have a certain departure or arrival time?
I need to arrive by 8:30|Okay the TR6971 leaves at 07:35. Does this work?
What time does it arrive?|It arrives at 07:52. Would you like to book tickets?
Ok, great. Then it will get me there in time. Can you book me 8 tickets please?|I have booked your train for 8 and a cost of 35.2 GBP. Your reference number is 53GSF184. Can I help you with anything else?
Great I also am looking for some info on a place called sidney sussex college|I can help with that. Sidney Sussex College is a college in the centre. Do you need any other information?
Thank you! Can you please tell me the phone number, entrance fee, and address?|the phone number is 01223338800 and address is Sidney street
thanks. that will be it for now|Glad to have been of help. Please reach out again if you need anything else. Thanks for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Have a great day.
I am looking for a particular attraction, The Man on the Moon.|Sure. The Man on the Moon is located at 2 norfolk street and their telephone number is 01223474144.
Great, thank you for your help!|You're welcome, can I assist you with anything else today?
Are there any vegetarian restaurants with moderate cost nearby there?|I apologize but there aren't any vegetarian restaurants with a moderate price range in the centre area.
How about Chinese? Is there any moderate priced Chinese places in the centre area?|There are three restaurants matching that search. Would you like me to book you a reservation for jinling noodle bar?
What about a restaurant called Frankie and Bennys?|frankie and bennys is an expensive Italian restaurant in the south. Would you like to book a reservation?
Yes, please. I need a table for 1 on Friday at 18:30, if that's available.|I'm sorry, but they're all full up at that time. Would you like to try a different day or a different time?
Yes can you see if 17:30 is available for that day?|Your table has been booked for Friday at 17:30. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Your reference number is 23GYHJG6. Is there anything else I can help with?
I'd also like a taxi to go from The Man on the Moon to Frankie and Benny's, arriving by 17:30. I will need the contact number and car type, please.|Your car will be a blue bmw and the contact number is 07344209609. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No, that's all. Thank you!|Thank you, and have a nice day!
i'm looking for places to go in town|sure. What do you like to do ?
A park in the north part of town|Milton country park is located at milton country park, milton. Do you need anything else?
I'm looking to stay at a guesthouse in the centre.|El shaddai is located in the center and is a cheap one. Would you like me to book room(s) for you?
That sounds good but I need free wifi. Does it have free wifi?|yes it does. would you like me to make a reservation?
book it for 6 people and 4 nights starting from tuesday.|all set, your confirmation number is PWVDKBN8. Anything else today?
No that is it. Thank you.|Happy to help!
Hi, I'm looking for a particular attraction. It's called King's College, can you help me find some information about that place?|Sure. King's College is a free attraction on King's Parade in the center of town. Did you need more information?
Is this some place you would recommend?|If you are looking for a college to visit this one is free. It's located on King's Parade postcode cb21st. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, I actually need a place to stay. I'd prefer somewhere in the moderate price range and with free parking.|We have 14 hotels that match that search. What area would you like the hotel to be in?
I would like for it to have a 4 star rating and be located in the east section of town.|There is Carolina bed and Breakfast and the Warkworth House.  Do you have a preference?
If you could tell me hotel types of both and phone number please.|Both are guesthouses.  The number for the Carolina is 01223247015.  The number of the Warkworth is 01223362682.
Thank you! Can you help me book a taxi from the college to my hotel?|First I'll need to know which hotel you'll be staying at -- do you have a preference between the Carolina or the Warkworth?
I'll be staying at The Carolina Bed and Breakfast|What time would you like the taxi to pick you up at the college?
I'd like to leave by 6AM.|Awesome. We've got a grey Toyota at 07931363714 coming for you. Is that all?
Okay thank you. That is all I need for now.|That is all I need for now.
I am looking to visit some places of interest while I am in Cambridge. Perhaps some colleges?|There are 18 colleges that match. Do youhave any preferences in terms of locations?
Yes, I'd like more information on one in the centre area please.|There are many options. May I suggest Christ's College?
That sounds good. May I have the postcode, phone number and address.|Christ's college is at saint andrew's street, no fee, phone number 0122333490, postcode cb23bu.  Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Give me information about museums in the west side of town.|There are a few museums in the west side of town. I highly recommend checking out the Cafe Jello Gallery if you've got the time.
What is the full address and zipcode of Cafe Jello Gallery?|Cafe Jello Gallery is located at cafe jello gallery, 13 magdalene street. Their postcode is cb30af. Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
No that'll be all. Thanks so much!|Okay, great. Have a great trip. Goodbye.
I need a expensive restraint om cambridge in the centre|I have several options for you.  What type of food are you interested in?  I can gladly book a reservation with a little more information.
My husband's family will be with us for a birthday dinner, so how about Italian. They are from an italian family.|Okay, how about Caffe Uno located on 32 Bridge Street?
Please book a table for 2 on Monday at 18:15.|Happy Birthday to your husband! Your reservation will be held for 15 minutes. The reference number is E3CNAP2.
I was told about a beautiful college called saint catharine's. Could I get some information on it?|It is in the Centre part of town at King's Parade, and entrance is free. Can I help you with anything else?
Yes, I'd like to know the postcode, please?|The postcode is cb21rl. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yeah, are there any restaurants serving Italian food near the college?|Yes, there are 9! What price range would you like?
I'm splurging, let's go with an expensive one!|Okay how about the stazione restaurant and coffee bar? It is in the expensive price range. Would you like me to make a reservation for you?
Yes, that would be great. We will be dining on Saturday at 11:00. It will be 6 people.|I've made those reservations and your reference number is 8FMZ4VCE.
Thank you for your help.|You are welcome.
Hi, I am traveling to Cambridge and I am looking for things to do in the city centre.  Can you help me find something to do?|There is a lot to do in the centre is there a type of attraction you want?
I have no preference. Pick any for me and please tell me the attraction type, entrance fee and phone number.|All right. Great saint mary's church is one our many churches famous for Architecture. It's 2 pounds to get in, and their number is 01223350914.
I am also looking for a restaurant that serves Korean food, and is located in the same area as Great saint mary's church.|Little Seoul is on 108 Regent Street City Centre. Would you like a reservation?
No thank you. Can you provide me with their phone number?|Their phone number is 01223308681
Thank you. Do you also book taxis? I would like one from Saint Mary's to the Little Seoul.|What time would you like to travel by taxi?
I want to leave the church by 1:00.|I have booked you a taxi. The car type is a yellow Audi and the contact number is 07332260834. Can I help with anything else?
No that will be all for today. Thanks alot. Goodbye.|You're welcome! Have a great day.
Hi there. Can you tell me if you have any parks in the east part of town?|Yes we have cherry hinton water play park.
Yes, that sounds like someplace for me to visit.  Is it free?  Also, I'll need the postcode and phone number.|Yes, they have free admission. Their phone number is 01223446100. The postcode is cb18dw. Is there anything else I can help with today?
I am looking for a train going to Cambridge on Saturday.|Where will you be coming from?
I need to leave london liverpool street and get there by 18:30|The TR5863 train will get you to Cambridge by 17:07, would you like to make a booking?
Yes, that will be fine.|Will you be needing one or more seats on that trip?
Actually, I don't need it booked. Can you tell me what time it leaves?|Train TR5863 will be departing at 15:39. Is there anything else I can help you with?
What is their price and the travel time?|You would be on the train for 88 minutes and it is 13.28 pounds. May I assist you with anything else today?
no, thank you. that is all.|You're welcome. Have a nice day.
Thanks you too.|Feel free to contact us anytime in the future.
I'm looking for a restaurant that serves unusual food in the centre.|Unfortunately, I don't have any places that offer unusual food in the centre of town. Can I try a different area or type of cuisine for you?
What moderately priced restaurants are there?|The Oak Bistro is an excellent moderately priced restaurant located at 6 Lensfield Road.  Can I book a table for you?
Yes, that would be great. Please book that for me.|Certainly. I just need to know the number of guests and the date and time that you would like me to book it for.
No but could I get the postcode, address, and phone number?|Sure, the address is 6 Lensfield Road, cb21eg.  You can reach the Oak Bistro at 01223323361.  Is there anything else I can assist you with?
i would like  a place to go in the same area as the restaurant.|What type of attraction are you looking for?
I'm looking for a museum. Which one is your favorite?|I would recommend the primavera, located at 10 king s parade. There is no entrance fee. Do you need anything else?
I need the postcode for the museum also. And I need to book a taxi from The Oak Bistro to the Primavera, I'd like to leave the restaurant by 07:45.|I will work on getting this booked for you.
Okay did you book it? I need the contact number and car type.|The post code for the museum is cb21sj.  Please give me a moment to complete your taxi booking.
Okay. Once you're done, can I have the contact number and car type?|Yes of course, Please give me a few moments as I get this information.
Oh wait, before you book that. I am rethinking my restaurant choice. I need British food. Does Oak Bistro serve British food?|Yes, the Oak Bistro serves British Food.
Perfect, I'd love to have a British breakfast. Have you been able to book the taxi yet?|Yes, it's complete. The car type is a red Audi and contact number is 07084740824.
Thank you for all your help. Have a great day!|You are welcome!  I hope you enjoy your visit to Cambridge!  Please call us again if we can help you further.
I am looking for places to go and I would like something in the centre.|I have many options available in the centre. Is there a particular attraction type you are looking for?
I am looking for any type of attraction in the centre, just need the entrance fee, phone number, and attraction type.|I recommend all saints church. It is some nice architecture. There is no entrance fee and the phone number is 01223452587.
Great. I'm going to need a hotel too. It needs to be cheap but have a 4 star rating.|Sorry, there are hotels with that criteria. Would you like me to modify the area or some other part and look again?
I would like it to be in the same area as all saints church.|There are no cheap, 4 star hotels located in the same area as the All Saints Church. There is a guesthouse though that is cheap and has 4 stars.
Can you check again?|Sure. No. There is only a guesthouse called Alexander Bed and Breakfast.
I guess you can book that then.  For two nights starting on Friday.|How many people will be staying in the room?
There will be 5 of us.|Great. I've booked your room for 2 days starting Friday. Is there anything else I can do for you?
Can I also get a taxi to commute between the locations?|Absolutely! When would you like the taxi to pick you up?
I'd like to leave by 6:30 am.|Your taxi is booked.  Look for a yellow lexus.  The contact number is 07461535393.  Is there anything else I can help you with?
That's all I needed. Thank you for all of your help!|You are welcome. Have a pleasant stay.
I am planning a trip in Cambridge|Alright, how can I help you today?
I'd like a train from London Liverpool Street on Sunday|What time would you like to leave and/or arrive by?
I need to leave after 09:45.|TR3197 leaves atb19:39 and costs 13:39 pounds. is that fine with you?
What time does it arrive by?|Train TR3197 arrives by 21:07 at cambridge
Thanks, can I also find a college to go to.|There are many colleges. Do you have a specific area in mind? or would you like me to make a recommenation?
If you could recommend one that would be great! Could you give me the postcode, address and the area of the one you choose?|churchill college is a great choice in the centre. The postcode is cb23bu. It is located on saint andrew's street. Is there anything else I can help you with?
That's all I need for now.  Thanks!|You're very welcome! Let us know if you need anything else.
Thanks very much, take care!|you too. enjoy your day.
Could you help me find a place to stay? I am looking for a hotel in the east part of town and it needs free wifi.|Would you prefer a proper hotel or a guesthouse? There are 7 places to stay with your chosen criteria.
I have no preference, but the place does need to include free parking.|The Allenbell guesthouse fits your preferences. It's located at 517a coldham lane, postcode cb13js. The phone number is 01223210353. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes. I need to make a reservation there for 8 people, arriving Friday night and departing Wednesday morning.|I have six places with that criteria, is there a star rating you prefer?
No, but I need a place that has free wifi and I would also like a reference number for the booking, please.|I'm sorry, but the hotel has no vacancy for that stay. Would you like to try a shorter stay?
I guess you can try for four nights.|Ok, I was able to book your stay for four days. Your reference number is QNV935PQ. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, I am also looking for places to go in town specifically a college.|What part of town would you like it
I am interested in finding a great nightclub to take a friend to.|Cambridge has lots of great options. Club Salsa is quite popular and is in the centre.
That sounds great.  How much is the entrance fee?|The Club Salsa entry fee is 5 pounds. Can I help with anything else?
Perhaps their phone number?|The phone number is 07782218745.
Perfect, can you also help me find a place to eat that is cheap and serves Indian food? We are looking to accommodate 5 people at 17:30 on Monday.|I have found 4 restaurants. Do you have a preference of area? If not that Kohinoor in the centre is very popular.
Just book it on Monday please, for 5 at 17:30.|I've booked a table for 5 on Monday at 17:30. The reference number is MUBJSMLX. Is there anything else I can help you with?
We need a taxi from Club Salsa that will get us to Kohinoor in time to eat.  Can you make that happen?|I have arranged for a black Honda to have you arrive at Kohinoor by 17:30. The contact number for the Taxi is 07997403672. Is there something else I can assist with?
Great that was all that I needed today, thank you.|You're welcome! Have a good day.
Hi, I want to eat at an expensive seafood restaurant in Cambridge. Where can I go?|Lock Fyne is en expensive seafood restaurant located at 37 trumpington St.
I would like to book a table for Sunday|Okay. How many people will be dining with you?
It will be just myself at 11:45 for the booking.|Ok! Your table is booked for 11:45 on Sunday. Your reference number is V0ERUE79. Your table will be held for 15 minutes. Is there anything else you need help with?
I would also like to find some place to go in the south of town.|I have a wide variety of places. A cinema, museum, nightclub and entertainment. Is there a certain one you are interested in?
A nightclub sounds like fun. Recommend one please|Sure, how about "the place".  It is a nightclub located at 22 sidney street.  Would you like more information on it?
Yes, please. Can I get the phone number and postcode?|Sure thing the adddress is 22 sidney street and the post code is cb23hg.
I also need a cab by the booked time, contact number and car type please|Where are you departing from and going to?
The cab has to pick me up from the restaurant to the nightclub.|What time would you like to leave the restaurant?
Actually, I'm confused. I apologize. I'll need a taxi that will take me from the nightclub to the restaurant. I'd like to arrive by the booked time for the restaurant.|Booked car type is red skoda. Contact number is 07623852908. Anything else?
That will be all for today. Thank you so much. Goodbye|Have a good day.  Goodbye.
I'm going to cambridge and would like to know about places to go in town. I'm looking or a swimming pool attraction in the north.|Wonderful! There are two, one is between victoria road and the river and the other is jedburgh court and kigs hedges. Which would you like?
Choose the one with the best reputation for me. I will need the address and entrance fee as well please.|Kings Hedges Learner Pool is at Jedburgh Court, Kings Hedges and the postcode is cb42xh.
Thanks.  Can you help me find a Mediterranean restaurant as well?|There are 3 in the centre of town.  Do you prefer expensive or cheap?
I need it to be in the expensive price range and I'm looking for a table for 4.|There are 2 expensive mediterranean restaurants in the centre.  In order to determine which one can accommodate you, I'll need to know what day you'd like.
Monday, for 4 people at 15:00.|I was able to book you a table at the la mimosa for 4 people.Ref No is A6JHOS2N. It will be reserved for 15 minutes. Anything Else?
Thank you. Going back to the Kings Hedges Learner Pool, what is the entrance fee?|Hmm, I can't find the information in the database unfortunately.
Do any of the swimming pools in the north show an entrance fee?|Unfortunately, none of them have a listed entrance fee. I would be happy to provide you their phone number so that you can call them for it if you like.
That's okay, but I would like to book a taxi between the two places, please.|I've booked your taxi, it will be a blue lexus with the contact number of 07039857311. Anything else I can help you with?
Thank you, the taxi should get me from the pool to the restaurant by 15:00, right?|Yes, that's correct. Anything else I can help you with?
No, thanks. That's all I needed.|Okay, have a great day.
I'm looking for a places to go and see during my upcoming trip to Cambridge.|What area of town would you like?
I would like to go to the south area please.|On the south side, your options are the cinema, entertainment venues, museums, nightclubs, parks, and a theatre.
That's a lot of choices, how about nightclubs? Can you get me a couple of phone numbers for good ones? I'm hoping to catch DJ Squalour from Ibiza!|The only nightclub in the south is called the place on 22 sidney street. Phone number is 01223324600. Can I help you with anything else?
Yes, I would like an expensive hotel with free parking.|I have places that fit that description all over town, except in the north. If area is no concern, I recommend the Gonville in the center of town.
Is it four star?|No, it only 3 stars.  The Huntington Marriott is 4 stars though.  It is also expensive and has free parking and internet.
Okay well now I need to get a taxi to leave the hotel by 17:45 to the attraction. I will need a contact number and car type.|Booking completed!
Booked car type	:	red lexus
Contact number	:	07421633218
I want to confirm that the booked red Lexus is a taxi, as I previously requested?|Yes, it is! Anything else needed?
No that is it. Thank you!|you are welcome. enjoy your stay.
I am looking for a place to go maybe a museum.|There are 11 museums. What part of town would you like?
the centre would be nice.|It seems all of our museums are in the city centre, though my recommendation would be the Primavera. Would you like any more information?
Sure, I'd like to know the phone number, address, and postcode.|They are located at 01223357708, the address is at 10 king s parade, and their postcode is cb21sj
Thanks for the info. Can I also get information about trains leaving on Monday?|Trains leave Cambridge all the time! Where would you like the train to take you on Monday? And at what time?
I would like to travel to peterborough. What is the travel time from cambridge to peterborough?|The travel time is 50 minutes. Would you like to book a train?
No thank you. That's all I need to know.|Alright, have a great day.
I'm looking for an expensive restaurant in the centre of town.|We can narrow down our selection for you if we know the Restaurant chain and the kind of Food you prefer?
I'm open to any kind of food. I'm looking for something in the centre and on the expensive side.|There are a lot of good choices like that. I can recommend The Cambridge Chop House if British food appeals to you. Would you like me to book you a table?
That sounds lovely. There will be 2 of us at 16:45 on Tuesday please.|I was able to get a reservation at that time.  Your reference number for your reservation is RC16KLU4.  Is there anything else I can help you with?
I'd also like to find somewhere to go in town.|We have several attractions to choose from, do you have a preference as to the type?
Is there a cinema?|You would love cineworld cinema
Thank you, I just need their postal code for now and I can take it from there.|The postcode for cineworld cinema is cb17dy
Okay, thank you so much for your help.|You are very welcome. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
That is all for now. Thank you for your help.|You are welcome enjoy.
We would like recommendation of places we could go on the west side of town.|Do you have a type of food you would like to try?
Yes, I would like to try indian food.|Sure, there are several options in that area.  Did you have a price range in mind?
i want something expensive|I have 5 indian restaurants in the west. If I may, might I suggest the Rice Boat. I can reserve a table for you if you'd like.
Yes, could you please book that.|For how many and what time and day would you like to eat?
I need a reservation for 5 people for 16:15 on Tuesday.|Your booking was successful! Your reference number is 3IHPEMVX.
Great! Thank you so much!|Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Actually, I also need a taxi to arrive at the restaurant by the reservation time.|Where are you departing from?
I actually would like to hear about some attractions, then schedule my cab. Where are the fun places to go in town?|As far as attractions, we have all kinds, any preference on area of type of place?
I would like to find any type of attraction in the West, and would like a phone number please.|How about queens college? The phone number is 01223335511.
Sounds great, thanks! Can you please book me a taxi from Queens College to the restaurant, please? I need to arrive by the time of my reservation.|A white tesla will pick you up and take you to the Rice boat in time for your reservation. Your driver can be reached at 07114121468
Thanks so much for your help! That will be all today.|You're welcome. Glad I could be of assistance.
I am looking for museums in west Cambridge.|There are several museums in the west part of town. For example, Cafe Jello Gallery, Cambridge and County Folk Museum or Lynne Strover Gallery.
Let me get more information about Cafe Jello Gallery.|Their address is cafe jello gallery, 13 magdalene street. They are located in the West part of town and the entrance is free.
I also need to know about Rosa's Bed and Breakfast.|Okay, Rosa's Bed and Breakfast is located on 53 roseford road. Would you like me to make a reservation for you?
Yes please. 1 people for 4 nights starting from wednesday.|Great! Your Booking was successful.
Reference number is : TZLIIGK2.
thank you for all your help|You're welcome, can I assist you with anything else?
No, that's all I need for today. Thank you so much.|Have a wonderful day!
I am heading to Cambridge and I would like to know about some places to see in the north, do you have any suggestions?|The Milton Country Park is popular among visitors. Would you like the address?
Yes, may I please get the address, postcode, and the entrance fee for the Milton Country Park?|Sure. Their address is Milton Country Park, Milton. Their postcode is cb46az. Their phone number is 01223420060. There is free admission to the park. Anything else I can help with?
I need to get a train that leaves after 16:30. Can you help with that?|What day would you like to leave and where are you departing from?
I need to leave cambridge and arrive in lecester on monday.|I'm sorry, I'm not able to find a train leaving Cambridge after 16:30. Is there another time I can search for you?
I think I said that wrong.  I am actually looking for a train that leaves Leicester after 16:30 going to Cambridge.|There is a train departing at 17:09 that arrives at 18:54. Would that work for you?
Yes I think that would work.  What is the trainID?|The train ID is TR2078.  Are you ready for me to book this for you?
Yes,most definately. Thanks|Great, your Booking was successful, the total fee is 37.79 GBP for 1 ticket. Reference number is 9IR5OSCS. Is there anything else I can help with today?
No, that is it. Thanks|You're welcome. Have a nice trip, and thanks for using Cambridge TownInfo centre.
Thank you for your help.|Glad to help, have a great day.
Hi, I'm shopping for colleges. Can you help me find one to visit in the city centre, please?|I have five. Is there one you would like to know about in particular?
Can you name them off for me?|Sure.  There are actually 13.  The first five we've got is Christ's College, Corpus Christi, Downing College, Emmanuel College and Gonville and Caius College.
Can I get the post code for Christ's College?|Sure, it's cb23bu. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
I am also looking for a place to stay that has 4 stars and in the centre of town.|Four star options in the centre of town are limited to the Alexander B&B, and the University Arms Hotel. Does price matter?
Yes, I would like to stay within the moderate price range, if possible.|no matches were found for your description, can we try something else perhaps?
I need information on a restaurant called panahar.|i've pulled up their info, what would you like to know?
I need reservations for 5 people at 15:15 on Sunday. I'll need the reference number as well.|Your table at Panahar has been reserved for 15 minutes starting at 15:15 on Sunday. Your reference number is TIYE4F1Y. Can I help you with anything else?
I'm looking for things to do in the west. Can you recommend anything?|The Whale of a Time entertainment venue is a fun choice. We also have museums and colleges to visit, if you'd like something quieter.
Can you tell me the address for The Whale of a Time entertainment venue? And is there an entrance fee to get in there?|I do not have any information on an entrance fee but I can give you the address which is unit 8, viking way, bar hill.
Thanks for that, that's all I need.|You're welcome! Have a great day!
Thank you, you as well.|thanks alot. it was great talking to you
I look forward to my visit. Thanks, again.|You're welcome, have a great day!
I'm looking for boats to look at. Can you look in the south?|I'm afraid we don't have any boats in the south.  Would you like to try another area?
Are there any boats in the park?|There are only 4 boat attractions in town. Camboats in the east. Riverboat georgina is in the north. Scudamores punting company and the cambridge punter are in the centre of town.
Thank you. Are there any parks in the south?|There are 2, both free. They are sheep's green and lammas land park fen causeway, and other  is wandlebury country park. Would you like information on either one?
Could I get the entrance fee for wandlebury country park please?|The park is free.  There is no entrance fee.
Could you help me find a restaurant in that area?|There are nine places in the south any preference on restaurant type or price range?
I'd like a moderately priced Italian place.|The Pizza Hut Cherry Hinton is located in the South and has a moderate price range. Would you like more information?
Yes, I need to get their phone number and address, please.|Their phone number is 01223323737, and they are located at G4 Cambridge Leisure Park Clifton Way Cherry Hinton.
Thanks, could you also book me a taxi between the two locations please?|I can arrange a car for you if you'll tell me whether you'll be travelling from the park to the restaurant or vice-versa, and tell me the date and time.
I need to leave the park by 16:15.|Booking was successful. Expect a grey Lexus. Their number is 07386542982. Anything else?
Thank you for all your help. That should be everything today.|My pleasure. Enjoy your stay.
I am looking for a train.  The train should leave on monday and should go to birmingham new street|What is your departure time and location?
Leaving Cambridge going to Birmingham New Street on Monday any time after 15:15.|There are several trains available. Are you able to provide a specific time?
No, the first train after 15:15 will work. I need to book the trip for 8 people, and please include my reference number.|Train TR7900 leaves cambridge for birmingham new street monday at 16:01. Your reference number is OCF8O3GJ.
Can you help me find a theatre in the centre of town?|Sure, there is cambridge arts theatre, it is located at 6 saint edward's passage. There are 3 others if you would like information on them as well.
Sure. Can you give me the names and addresses of the other 3 as well?|cambridge arts theatre is at 6 saint edward's passage, mumford theatre is at anglia ruskin enterprise, east road; and the cambridge corn exchange is at wheeler street.
Ok, great. That's all I needed. Thank you for all of your help!|Have a great day!
Hi! I'm looking for a place to go in the centre.|Sure. There's quite a few places you can visit in the Centre. Do you have a particular type of attraction in mind?
I have never been to the Centre before, can you tell me the most popular spot to go?  Perhaps a museum.|There is a great museum in the centre of town called castle galleries. It's free and located at unit su43, grande arcade, saint andrews street.
May I have the phone number please?|The phone number is 01223307402.
Thanks so much. I am also wanting to see if you can help me find a cheap room to stay in.|Sure, I can help you with that.  What area would you like to stay in?
kindly find me one in the west|Do you prefer a guesthouse or hotel?
I would like a hotel with a 4 star rating please.   It also must include free wi-fi.|the cambridge belfry is the only hotel with those criteria.
That will work.I need the address please.|The address is back lane, cambourne. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Thank you for the address.  That will be all for now.|Have a great time and I hope you enjoy your stay! Goodbye
Yes, Hi! I am looking for a hotel in the tampa bay area.|You did not read the directions of this hit. There is no Tampa bay area. Please read the directions next time.
i'm sorry, dude. i'm from florida so i'm not very smart. i'm trying to get from cambridge to stevenage.|If you would like to take a train from Cambridge to Stevenage there is one leaving Friday at 05:21 arriving by 06:10.  Does that work?
I would like to leave on Sunday and arrive by 18:45. I need tickets for 8 people. Could you make the reservation and provide a reference number?|I can get you on TR0523 arriving at Stevenage by 14:10.  How many tickets will you need?
8 tickets please, and I will need the reference number.|Your booking was successful. The total fee is 81.92 GBP which can be paid at the station. The reference number is 1A9JYQS7.
I'd like somewhere to go in town. Something in the centre please.|Is there anything in particular you're interested in doing/seeing?
Anything you recommend. I just need the entrance fee, attraction type and phone number.|Little Saint Mary's Church  is an architecture attraction with no entrance fee. Their phone number is 01223366202.
Thank you for all your help.|You are welcome. Thank you for calling.
I'm looking for a train from cambridge to stevenage.|I can get you tickets for friday. The train departs the station at 05:21, is that time suitable for you?
How long is the trip?  I might like to leave somewhat later.|The trip is 49 minutes.
Excellent. Book it for 6 people and I'd like to arrive before 12:45.|Okay, I've booked you 6 tickets on train TR2515, which leaves at 05:21 and arrives at 06:10 in Stevenage. Your reference number is 1RMGSH2B. Can I help you with anything else?
Thanks so much.  And yes, could you possibly point me to some entertainment in the town centre?|Unfortunately there isn't anything in the town centre that's entertainment, do you have an alternate preference or area you'd like?
Are there any museums in the centre?|There are 11 museums in the centre. Would you like to visit the Castle Galleries or Primavera perhaps? Both are free.
Can I get the addresses of both?|Castle galleries is at unit su43, grande arcade, saint andrews street. Primavera is at 10 king s parade.
Fantastic. May I have the postcodes for those museums as well?|Castle Galleries is cb23bj and Primavera is cb21sj.
Thanks, that's all I need today. Goodbye!|Is there anything else I can help you with?
I am coming to cambridge and would like some type of entertainment while visiting.|Personally, I enjoy the Funky Fun House, it is located in the east area at 8 Mercers Row, Mercers Row Industrial Estate. Will you be needing any further information?
That sounds great, but come to think of it I should try something close to our hotel in the centre. Anything there?|I'm sorry, there's no entertainment in the centre.
Could I have the address and phone number of the Funky Fun House and is this a nightclub?|Funky's address is 8 mercers row, mercers row industrial estate and the phone number is 01223304705.  It isn't a nightclub.
Can you find me some information on alexander bed and breakfast?|Alexander is a cheap guesthouse in the centre with four stars and free internet and parking. Does this suit your needs?
Yes that is perfect can you book that?|Definitely. What day are you coming in?
I am coming in on Friday. I want to stay for 3 nights with 8 people.|I've booked a room for 8 people beginning on Friday and lasting three nights. Your reference number is EZF4SMWV. Can I help you find anything else in Cambridge?
Thanks so much. Have a great day. Goodbye|Goodbye. Enjoy your stay in Cambridge.
I'm looking for a college to visit in the centre of cambridge.|I was able to find 13 colleges would you like to go to Downing College?
Yes that would be great can you give me the postcode entrance for you and address to it?|Sure, the address is Regent Street, the postcode is cb21dq, and the entrance fee is free. Can I help you with anything else?
Thank you. I also need to find a train leaving on Monday.|Certainly, where are you departing from and what is your destination please?
I'm departing from london liverpool street to cambridge.|There are a number of trains running from 5:39  to 23:39. Did you have a departure or arrival time in mind?
I'd like to leave after 08:45. Which train leaves closest to that time?|Unfortunately, the closest leaves at 09:39, which leaves almost an hour later. That train is the TR7256, do you still want to book it?
Oh, no need to book it for me. But yes, that train will do just fine. Thank you for your help, that was all I needed.|You are welcome.  If you need anything else, please contact us.
What can you tell me about Magdalene College?|Magdalene College is located in the west area of town. There is no entrance fee.
Thank you for your help.|You're welcome. Let us know if you need anything else.
I do, actually. I'd also like to find a good place to dine in the east. Do you know of any Swiss restaurants in that area?|Unfortunately there doesn't seem to be any Swiss options in the east. Could I help you with anything else?
Hmm, I was really looking forward to Swiss food. Ok, how about an indian restaurant in the east instead?|That we can do. We have two moderately priced and two expensive Indian restaurants in the east.
what are the two expensive indian restaurants?|Sitar Tandoori and Pipasha Restaurant are the expensive options.
Could you please book a table at Sitar Tandoori for 4 people on Sunday?|Of course! What time would you prefer?
I would like the booking to be for 13:00 .|I am sorry I was unable to book that.  Is there another day or time that works for you?
That's okay, maybe 12:00 will work? Try that please?|I booked you for 4 at 12.00 on Sunday. Your reference number is YJCTZH5F. Can I help you with anything else?
Yes, I also need a taxi to take me from the college to the restaurant by the reservation time.|Ok I have a blue toyota picking you up the contact number is 07029466414
Thank you for all your help. I have all the information I need. Goodbye|You're welcome. Enjoy your day.
I am looking for a train that leaves for Cambridge on Monday.|Where are you departing from?
Hello, I am departing from Ely.|There are several trains available, starting at 5:35 am and ending at 11:35 PM. What time would you prefer?
I need to arrive in Cambridge by 10:00 please|Train TR2987 will arrive in Cambridge by 9:52. Would you like to book it?
Yes, please. I need 6 tickets and a reference number.|Your tickets are all set, reference number is VKWMNP74
Thanks! I'm also looking for a good museum in the center of town.|There are 11 museums, I would recommend castle galleries because it's free.
Fantastic. Can you provide me with the address and phone number for the Castle Galleries, please?|They are located at unit su43, grande arcade, saint andrews street and their phone number is 01223307402
What is their entrance fee?|They do not have a fee. It is free to enter.
I have everything I need. Thanks!|Is there anything else I can look up for you today?
No, that's it. Thank you.|No problem! Thanks for contacting the Cambridge TownInfo centre and have a great day!
I would like it if you can help me find a place called Kambar.|Sure thing!  It is a nightclub in centre.  Anything else I can help with?
how much does it cost to get it?|Kambar is only 5 pounds to get into. Would you like any more information on it?
yes phone number and adress please|Their address is 1 wheeler street, cb23qb. Their phone number is 01223842725. Will that be all?
Actually, can you help me find information on a train to the Stansted Airport please?|Sure what day are you traveling?
The train should depart from Cambridge on Monday after 15:45. What is the travel time, price and train ID?|The next train is TR1088 departing at 16:40 with a duration of 28 minutes and it costs 10.10 pounds.
That sounds great, thank you for your help today.|You're welcome. Did you need help with anything else?
That is all, thank you!|You're most welcome. I'm glad to be of service. Good-bye.
Hello, I am planing to visit Cambridge and I am looking for a swimmingpool.|Okay, there are four places in town. Do you prefer a particular area?
It doesn't matter. I will need the address, phone number, and area of town.|Ok, I recommend parkside pools in the centre of town, they are located on gonville place and are reachable at 01223446100.
That's great thanks. Also I need a hotel in the south.|I have 4 different options for you. 3 guesthouses and 1 hotel. The hotel is expensive, whereas the others are moderate or cheap. Do you have a preferred price range?
Not really, just get me one with 3 stars please|There are 2, The Bridge a moderately priced and the Lensfeild inthe expensive price range.  Both are in the South and offer free parking and internet.
The Bridge is fine, please.|Would you like to book the Bridge Guest House?
Yes please, could you make a booking for me?|What day and time would you like to go?
I'm sorry, but I don't need a booking anymore. Could you tell me if they have free parking?|yes they do have free parking
Okay, thanks.  Do they also have free internet?|They sure do!
Great!  Thank you for your help.  Goodbye!|You're welcome. Glad I could help. Have a nice day.
Yes, can you give me some information?  I am looking for a particular attraction.|Sure, I can assist you.  What type of attraction were you interested in?
it's called primavera.|Here you go, Primavera is a museum in the centre of town, they have free admission.
I would like tickets.|You will not need tickets, as admission is free. Would you like the address or phone number?
Phone number and postcode please.|The phone number is 01223357708.
And postcode please like I asked before.|The post code is cb21sj.
rad, thanks. i also need a train ticket|Okay, where are you heading?
I want to leave Broxbourne and go to Cambridge.|What day and time would you like to travel?
I need to travel on thursday.|There are 19 trains that meet that criteria. Would you like to narrow it down by departure or arrival time?
I have to leave after 12:30.|tr7406 leaves at 12:32, how many tickets?
Could you tell me what the travel time is, please?|The travel time is 60 minutes.
Thank you so much for your help.|You're welcome. Have a great day!
Hello, do you know of any boat attractions in the East of town?|Camboats is a boat attraction in the east area of town. Would you like more information about them?
Yeah, can I get the entrance fee and postcode?|I don't have any information on their entrance fee, but their postcode is cb58sx.
I can give Camboats a call. Do you have their phone number?|Yes, they can be reached at 01223902112.  Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, I'm also looking for a moderately priced italian restaurant preferably in the same area as camboats|There is one option here. It is pizza hut fen ditton. Would you like a table reserved?
Yes. There will be 6 of us dining.|What day and time do you want me to book it for?
Monday, 14:15. Please include the reference number.|Your booking was successful, here is your reference number JLI059GG.
Thanks, that'll be it for me today. Bye!|Thanks for contacting us enjoy your stay with us!
Hey, I am looking for a train that leaves leicester to cambridge, where is it?|There are many trains each day that run between Leicester and Cambridge.  What time would you like to travel?
I would like to leave on Thursday and arrive by 18:15.|The 16:09 will have you there at 17:54 if it is on time.  Would you like me to book you a seat?
I don't need to book now. What is the total travel time for that train?|105 minutes is the travel time. May I help you with anything else today?
Yes you can. I'd like to see a few things while I'm in town so find me something nice to check out on the west side.|We have entertainment venues, museums, & colleges to visit.  Is there a particular attraction type you would be interested in?
Any attraction you recommend will be great. I just need the postcode and entrance fee.|Clare College is a popular attraction on the west side. The entrance fee is 2.50 pounds and the postcode is cb21tl. Can I help you with anything else?
Great, thanks!  That'll be all that I need for today!|You are welcome, enjoy your stay in Cambridge.
I'm looking for a place to go in town to have fun. Are there any nightclubs in the west?|There are no nightclubs in the west, would another area work for you?
How about a college in the west?|Sure, there are 5 colleges in the west part of town. How about Clare College?
What's the address of that college?|Clare College is located on Trinity Lane.  Anything else?
No, that would be it.  Thanks.|You're quite welcome! Thanks for contacting Cambridge TownInfo Centre and have a great day!
Could you tell me if there is a swimmingpool in the center of town?|Yes, Parkside Pools is located in the Centre of town at Gonville Place. Would you like their phone number?
No but I would like the address and entrance fee.|It's located at gonville place and unfortunately, I do not know the entrance fee. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, I am looking to buy a train ticket departing from Cambridge, and I need to arrive by 14:30.|There are several trains that depart from Cambridge.  Can you please tell me the destination and the day you would like to depart.
I'll be heading to Peterborough on Friday.|The TR0545 arrives at 13:56. Would you like me to book a ticket?
Can you please give me the price of that train.|It is 16.50 pounds per ticket. Would you like to book a ticket?
no, thanks. That will be all. goodbye.|Have a wonderful day!
I need a train going to cambridge.|Where will you be arriving from and on what day?
I'd like to travel on Wednesday and I'll be coming from London Kings Cross.|I have many trains to choose from. Do you have a travel time preference?
i want to arrive by 20:15|The TR9332 arrives by 20:08.  Would you like it booked?
Yes please, for 2 people.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 47.2 GBP payable at the station. Your reference number is 9BB5OGBN. Do you need help with anything else?
I'm also looking for places to go. Maybe a nightclub?|We have 6 nightclubs in town. Most of them are in the center, and Kambar, at 1 Wheeler St., is my favorite.
get phone number, area, and postcode of Kambar.|Kambar nightclub is in the centre area.  The phone# is 01223842725 and the postcode is cb23qb.
Oh yeah, I'm so there. Thanks a lot, that's all I needed help with today! Bye|It was a pleasure helping you today. Good-bye.
Hi, I'm really looking forward to coming to Cambridge. You have an Express by Holiday Inn, right?|Yes we do have one Express Holiday Inn. Would you like me to book you a room there?
Yes please, two people and one room with two beds for next Saturday.|Sure, how many days would you like to stay?
I just need their postcode and price range please. I will book it myself later.|No problem! The postcode is cb13llh and price range is listed as expensive. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Yes, I am also looking to visit The Fez Club during my stay. May I have their phone number?|Sure. Their number is 01223519224. May I help you with anything else?
I need a taxi to take me from The Fez Club to my hotel please.|I can book that for you. Can you give me a departure time?
I want to leave the Fez Club by 17:00.|I booked a red Volkswagen to pick you up at The Fez Club by 17:00.  The contact number is 07404417573.  Is there anything else I can assist you with?
No. That was it. Thanks for your help!|Thank you, goodbye.
I need some places to go. Can you tell me about some concert halls in the south?|Unfortunately I am not finding any concerthalls in the south. Is there a different type of attraction or a different area of town you would be interested in?
I am also interested in your local museums. Are there any in the south?|Yes, there is 1 museum in that location. It is called Byard Art Museum. Would you like more information?
Sure. What is the entrance fee and phone number?|Entrance is free, and the phone number is 01223464646.
I also need a place to stay. I am looking for a 4 star moderately priced place|I have several options for you. Would you like a particular area?
Not really, but I prefer guesthouse type.|Do you think the Aylesbray Lodge Guest House would suit you? It's also in the south. I can try to book you a room if you like.
As long as they have decent internet I'm fine.|The Aylesbray Lodge Guest House does offer internet. Would you like to book a room?
No thank you. That's everything I needed.|You're welcome. Have a nice day!
Hi! I am looking to find information about the Cambridge University Botanic gardens.|Yes they are located at Bateman street and their telephone is 01223336265. The entrance fee is 4 pounds. Is there anything else you would like to know?
Thank you. What area is that in, and what type of attraction is it?|The gardens are considered a park and located in the centre.
Thank you. Do you have any good korean restaurants listed?|There is one Korean restaurant in the city centre and it is expensive.  Would you like me to make you a reservation?
How about Thai food instead?|I've got Sala Thong in the west and Bangkok City in the centre, both expensive. Would you like more information, or for me to make a booking?
Sala Thong will do. I would like to book a table for 2 people at 12:30 on Saturday.|Your reference number is Q2VLO8SN.
Thank you. That's all I need for today.|You are welcome, if you need anything else, please contact us.
Can you give me information about Cambridge Artworks, please?|Cambridge Artworks is a museum in the east located at 5 Greens Road and has no entrance fee. Anything else I can assist you with today?
That sounds pretty neat. My daughter is really into the arts. Can I get their phone number please?|Absolutely! The phone number is 01223902168. Can I help you with anything else?
I need a 4 star hotel as well.|Are you looking for lodgings near Cambridge Artworks, or in a different part of the City?
I'd rather stay in the centre if possible.|What would you like to pay per night?
Any would be fine. I just need to know the price range.|cheap and moderate are the price ranges would you like to book a room?
Just the four star and hotel, tell me what my price options are with that one.|Thank you, what is the address?
I am unsure of the address, can you look it up?|There are no 4 star hotels in the center area.
Hmm are you sure about that? Can you check again?|I double checked.  There are no 4 stars hotels in the center area.
Can you suggest one in that area?|Im sorry, I am the manager and it is training day, we have two four star hotels in the centre university arms is expensive and alexander bed and breakfast is cheap?
Thanks I only needed the price ranges for those hotels. Have a good day.|Alright, enjoy the rest of your day.
Do you know much about hotels?|Yes! I know we have 33 in town. Do you need to book one of them?
Yes please,the cheapest one,thank you|There are 10 cheap hotel's in town. Would you like to be in the North, South, East, West, or Central location?
I would like to stay in the west please. Can you send me some info?|The Cambridge Belfry is a cheap hotel in the west.  Would you like their address?
Lets start over, my apologies.  We were actually looking for a moderate priced hotel, with 0 stars and free parking, disregard everything said before this.|Unfortunately there are no hotels matching that criteria. Would you like for me to search for 2, 3 or even 4 star hotels?
How about a cheap 0 star hotel with free parking?|The el shaddai may be a good choice for you.
Ok that works please make reservations for 3 people and 3 nights starting from saturday.|Done! Your reference number is SY4TL1W6. Do you need anything else?
I'm also looking for a museum in the east. Any recommendations?|Yes!  Cambridge Artworks, Cambridge Museum of Tech, Gallery at Twelve and Saint Barnabas Press Gallery.  Any interist?
Yes, can I have more information about the Cambridge Museum of Tech? What is their address?|Absolutely, their address is the old pumping station, cheddars lane. Is there anything else I can assist yo with today?
Can I also get a phone number and postcode for the museum?|their phone number is 01223368650 and their postcode is cb58ld
sorry, what is the address?|Address is the old pumping station, cheddars lane
That's all thank you for your help.|No problem. Will there be anything else?
No that is it. Thank you.|No problem, glad to help.  Have a great weekend.
I would love to locate a hotel that includes wifi and parking in its prices.|There are several hotels that have wifi and parking. Is there an area of town you prefer?
No specific area, but I would like a guesthouse type of hotel.|There are 21 hotels that match your criteria. Might I recommend the Acorn Guest House? It is a moderately priced 4-star guesthouse in the north.
Sure! Can I have the address and the area it's located in?|The Acorn Guesthouse is located at 154 chesterton road, cb41da. It is located in the north part of town.
Okay great. Thank you so much.|You are most welcome!
I am also looking for a park to visit, can I get the postcode of one?|Sure! milton country park is at cb46az. It's free admission .
Free is perfect. That will leave me extra to book a taxi from my hotel.|I can book your taxi for you if you would like, would you care to go ahead and book one?
I need the taxi to commute and I have to leave the hotel by 14:00, can I get their contact number and car type please.|It is a black volkswagen. The number is 07563800570. It will be there at 14:00 to take you to milton county park
Great! Thank you so very much!|You're welcome. Enjoy your trip!
I am looking for a place to go in town.  I would like to find a museum.|Do you have a preference for the area of town you wish to visit?
The centre would be great|The centre is abounding in museums. There are 11 options all with no entrance fee. Do you have a particular interest?
Could you recommend one to me and provide their phone number and entrance fee?|Primavera's phone number is 01223357708. The entrance is free.
Can you give me the address to museum and the schedule a taxi to take me there.|The address is 10 king s parade. At what time would you like the taxi?
I apologize. I do not need a taxi. What I do need is a restaurant in the same area as the museum, please.|Sure, I can help you with that.  What kind of food were you looking for?
I'm looking for a restaurant that serves world food.  Do you see anything for that?|I have nothing with world food. Do you have another preference ?
Well, how about a restaurant that serves gastropub food?|There are 3 places available. Do you have a preference on price range?
Yes, an expensive place would be fine. Thank you|The Backstreet Bistro is a nice place,do you want their number ?
is there a nice night club in the west that you can recommend?|No I am sorry there isn't something else perhaps?
How about a college?|There are 5 colleges in the west. churchill college is located on storey's way and doesn't charge an entrance fee.
Great. That's all I need to know. Thank you.|Thank you goodbye
I need information on the Aylesbray Lodge Guest House, please.|Sure. The guesthouse is a 4 star hotel located in the south part of town. It is moderately priced and offers free wifi and free parking.
That is good. Can I please book it?|Of course! How many guests will be visiting and how many days would you like to stay? When would you like to begin your stay?
Before booking, what are some interesting sites to visit that are in the north area?|In the north we have riverboat georgina, milton country park, jesus green outdoor pool, and kings hedges learner pool. Are you interested in learning more about any of these?
What is the entrance fee for the Milton Country Park?|The entrance fee for the Milton Country Park is free. Are you interested in learning about other sites in the north?
The Milton Park will do wonderfully, I will need a cab.|Thank you for the information. I will call a cab presently. Enjoy your stay at The Milton, it was a pleasure.
Could you help me find a place to stay? I am looking for a hotel with 3 stars and has a moderate price.|We have four such hotels. Do you have a preferred location or type?
Location doesn't matter really, I would like it to be moderately priced with a 3 star rating.|How about Hamilton Lodge? It is a moderately priced guesthouse in the North with 3 stars and free wifi and parking!
That sounds good. I want to make a booking for 5 people. We need to stay for 5 nights starting on Friday.|OK, your hotel is booked. Friday for 5 nights for 5 people at Hamilton lodge. Ref# is 9TUYXWW9. May I help with something else?
Could you also help me find a swimmingpool in town? let me know what area it is in.|There are a few.  Do you have a preference in location?
No preference, but close to the hotel would be good.|Jesus Green Outdoor Pool is between Victoria Road and the river.
That sounds good.  I will also need a taxi to get between the hotel and the pool.  I'd like to leave the pool at 04:30 please.|Sure.  I booked a Grey Volkswagen for you.  It will pick you up at the pool at 4:30.  The contact number is 07941682445. Is there anything else?
That's all I need! Thank you!|Alright, thanks for contacting Cambridge TownInfo centre, have a good day!
Hi, I am planning a trip and need some suggestions.  I am looking for places to go in town.|Can I ask you some questions about the types of places you want to go while you're in Cambridge?
The attraction should be in the centre and should be in the type of cinema.|The Vue Cineme is in the Grafton Centre, on East Road. Do you need any more information?
What is the postcode for The Vue Cineme?|The postcode is cb11ps. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, I'd also like to find a moderately-priced guesthouse on the west side, if possible. I do need free wifi.|I have one place.Shall I book it?
Sure, I'll be coming in on Sunday with one other person. We'll be staying for 3 nights.|Okay. Your booking was successful. The reference number is UOE033DZ. Can I help with anything else today?
Can you book me a taxi to get me from the cinema to the hotel?|Absolutely, when did you want to leave?
I would like to leave by 23:30.|For me to book your Taxi  what time you will like to arrive?
You don't need an arrival time. I told you my departure time is 23:30. That should be enough. Please tell me the contact number and car type when you book it|Your car will be a white Ford, and their contact number is 07378026406. Need anything else?
I am also looking for an attraction.|What kind of attraction are you looking for, and in what area?
I would like to find a cinema.|The Vue Cinema meets your requirements.
Thank you that is all for now.|Okay, goodbye. It was a pleasure assisting you.
We are interested in attractions in the center of the city.|little saint maryschurch  01223366202
Ok, that sounds interesting.  Can you give me the street address?|How about the vue cinema at the grafton centre, east road?
Oh, I like that one. Thank you! Okay, I also need information about a hotel called Kirkwood House.|The Kirkwood House is a guesthouse in the North side.  It has a 4 star rating and the price is moderate.  It has internet and parking.
Great, thank you for all your help.|Can I help you with anything else today?
Yes, please book me a taxi so I can travel between my hotel and the Cinema|What time would you like to leave or arrive?
I need to leave the attraction by 3:30.|I need to know the name of the cinema you're going to, before I can complete the booking. Did you need assistance with finding a particular cinema?
why don't you suggest one and give me the address please, that's why I contacted you to help me|The Vue Cinema in the centre is great. Their address is The Grafton Centre, East Road.
I actually need a taxi from little saint marys church to the Kirkwood House.  I'll need to leave the church by 3:30.|A blue honda will pick you up at little saint mary's church at 03:30 and take you to kirkwood house. You can reach the driver at 07663499793
Great, that's all I need, thanks so much for your help! Have a great day!|Thank you for calling. Have a great day. Goodbye.
I am looking for a 4 star guesthouse in Cambridge.|I have 18 results that match your request. To help narrow it down, what part of town would you like to stay in? Do you have a price range preference?
The hotel also needs to be cheap and have free wifi.|There are 7 hotels that meet that criteria. Do you have an area preference?
Do any of these 7 have free wifi?|They all have free wifi.
Any of them will do.  I'll book a room in whichever one you think is best.|The alexander bed and breakfast is in the center of town, would you like help with the booking?
That would be great.  Two nights please.|What day would you be arriving on and for how many people?
Let's try 5 nights, starting Friday, with 2 people.|I have confirmed your reservation at alexander bed and breakfast starting Friday for 5 nights. Your reference number is K67RS8EB. Is there anything else I can help with?
Yes, I am looking for something to do during my stay. I'd like it to be around the centre area.|I have many choices: theater, colleges, museums, architecture. Do any of these venues interest you?
Are there any colleges in the centre of town that have free admission?|Yes certainly. We have several. Christ College is a good choice.
That would be fine. Can you confirm the entrance fee?|Christ's College offers free admission.
Fantastic.  I have all of the information I needed, thank you.  Have a great day.|Glad to have been able to assist you. Thank you and have a great day.
Yes I am looking to stay in a 4 star guesthouse.|Okay.  There are 18 guesthouses that match your request.  Is there a particular area you are interested in?
I am looking for one with free parking and moderate in price|The Archway house matches all of your preferences. Would you like me to create a booking?
Yes, that would be great. I would like my check-in to be on Saturday. I will be staying for 2 nights and there will be a total of 5 people.|The Archway House is in the north area of town. Does that work for you?
Yes, and I would also like you to include the reference number for the booking.|i have that booked for you and here is your Reference number is : EZ2LETN6
Great! I'm also looking for a place called the Fez Club. What kind of attraction is that?|The Fez Club is a nightclub in Centre. Is there anything else I can help with?
Can I get the phone number for The Fez? I'll also need a taxi.|The number to the Fez Club is 01223519224.  When will you need the taxi?
I want to leave Fez by 17:45|Sure, I booked a Blue Ford that will pick you up at the Fez Club at 17:45.  Contact Number 07305507614. Can I be of further assistance?
No, that's all I need today. Thanks for your help. Goodbye!|My pleasure. Have a good day.
Hi, can you help me with some information on places to go in town?|Where in town would you like to go?
I would love to see some of the beautiful architecture that Cambridge has to offer.|I would recommend the holy trinity church, located in the centre of town on market street. Admission is free! Do you need anything else?
Yes, could I get the phone number for holy trinity church?|Here is the phone number you requested, 01223355397.
I am also looking for a train that goes to kings lynn leaving after 12:30. I would prefer it to leave on Tuesday and depart from cambridge|I have train TR6585 leaving at 13:11 and arriving at 13:58.
Do you have anything leaving closer to 12:30? If not, could I have the train ID of the TR6585 please?|The train ID of TR6585........is TR6585. Do you need anything else?
how much are the tickets and the travel time?|47 minutes and 9.8 per ticket
Thank you so much for your help.  Have a nice day!|You, too. Thanks so much for calling. Have a great day! Goodbye.
I am looking for a place to stay that is named aylesbray lodge guest house. Could you give me some information about it?|Alyesbray Lodge Guest house is in the south. It is in the moderate price range and has 4 stars. Would you like to make a reservation?
Yes. We're a group of six and we'd like to stay for two nights. We want to check in on Tuesday.|Your Booking was successful. Reference number is : 2V9TM90Z.
Thank you, can you give me information on museums in the east side?|Cambridge museum of technology	is a museum on the east side of town.
That sounds interesting! Can you give me their address and postcode, please? And how much is it to get in there?|It's 5 pounds for the entrance fee. Their address is the old pumping station, cheddars lane, and phone number is 	01223368650
Thank you. I need a taxi to leave my hotel at 16:15 to go to the museum please.|I'd love to help! When would you like to arrive or leave by?
I'd like to leave by 16:15, please.|You're all set! I've booked your taxi, so keep an eye out for a red volkswagen at 16:15. Your contact number is 07554925977. Anything else for today?
Sorry, could I please get the postcode for the museum?|Sure. The postcode of the museum is cb58ld. Anything else I can assist you with?
Nope, that's all for today. Thanks. Goodbye.|You're welcome! Hope you enjoy your stay at the Alyesbray Lodge guest house and your visit to the Cambridge Museum of Technology!
Hi, can you help me with my planning?  I am looking for a restaurant.|Sure, are you looking for anything specific?
I would like an indian restaurant in the north.|There are two restaurants that meet your criteria. Would you prefer the one in the moderate price range or the one in the cheap price range?
I would like the one in the cheap price range. Can you book it for me?|I have one listing her for royal spice. Would you like to make a booking?
I would love that, I need it for 1 person at 17:30 on Wednesday, please include a reference number.|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : AGK03VYR. Is there anything more I can do for you today?
While I am in the north part of town, I'd like some help finding something to do.  Is there a popular attraction around?|There is the Riverboat Georgina which is located in the North.  I'm not sure if it's free or if they charge anything.
I need to find a place to go for entertainment.|Which part of town would you prefer?
I would like it in the centre, please.|We do not have any entertainment in the centre. Would you like to pick a different area?
Are there any museums in the centre?|I'm sorry I am not finding any museums in the centre of town.  Is there any other part of town that could work for you?
No, I am only looking for entertainment or museums in the centre of town.   Can you look again?|The Broughton House Gallery is a great museum in the centre. It's free to get in, and it's located at 98 king street. Can I help with anything else?
No, I appreciate your help.|You are welcome. Have a great day.
Hi, yes, I am looking for a train leaving on Tuesday that will arrive by 12:30.|Where will you be departing from?
I will be departing from Cambridge.|Where will you be headed on Tuesday?
I need to head to norwich|I would recommend train ID TR8542 which departs Cambridge at 10:36 and arrives in Norwich at 11:55. There are a few earlier options as well.
Thank you, that sounds good! Could you let me know how much it costs?|Sure! The cost is 17.60
Excellent. I also need a place to go in town.|There are lots of attractions in Cambridge, do you have any specific activities in mind?
I would like something in the Centre if possible. Perhaps a gallery?|How about broughton house gallery?
Could you let me know the address and how much it costs?|Their address is 98 king street and they have free admission. Can I help you with anything else?
No, you have been extremely helpful already.  I am all set.  Thanks.  Bye.|Thanks for using our service have a good day. Bye.
I need to take a train from bishops stortford to Cambridge.  Ill need to leave after 9:00|There are 56 trains traveling from Bishops Stortford to Cambridge after 9:00 between Friday and Wednesday. What day to you want to travel?
I want to leave on Sunday.|How about TR4803 that leaves at 09:29?
That will work can you book that for me please?|Of course.  How many tickets do you need?
Actually, I don't need a booking. I just need to know when it arrives, thanks.|It arrives at 10:07.
Thank you. I am also looking for a park to go to.|I have 5 to choose from. Is there a certain area you were wanting the park to be in?
no specific area. just recommend one.|Milton Country Park is a great place to visit! It's in the North and free to enter.
Great! Please, give me the address of the park.|milton country park, milton.
Thank you so much for your time.  Have a nice day!|You too, enjoy your stay!
I'm looking for a high scale chinese restaurant.|We have 9 expensive Chinese restaurants across town. Do you prefer a specfic part of town?
Yes, I do. I would like it to be in the north.|May I suggest Hakka, a very nice Chinese Restaurant in the north part of town. Shall I provide you with more information?
No but can I make a booking for 8 people at 18:30 on sunday.|I have made those reservations your reference number is  61KTQSEO.
Thank you so much for your help|You're welcome is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, get me some more information on magdalene college please|Yes their address is Magdalene Street and their telephone number is 01223332138.
What is their postcode?|The post code is cb41jy. Can I help with anything else?
Can I get a taxi from Magdalene to Hakka, please? I need to make sure I get there for that reservation.|Your taxi is a blue volkswagen . The contact number is 07121936050
Great! Thanks for all your help today! Goodbye|You're welcome! Have a great day!
Hello, I'm looking for places to go located in the south part of town.|Are you looking for any specific type of entertainment? There is an art museum and cinema in the south part. Would you like an address?
Can I get the address for the cinema?|It is located at cambridge leisure park, clifton way. Did you want the phone number and postcode?
Please do give me the address and also if you could I am looking for a train as well to depart from cambridge and head down to london liverpool street.|The cinema is at Cambridge leisure park, Clifton way. What day would you like to depart Cambridge and at what time?
I need to go on Sunday, sometime after 16:00.|I have four trains leaving after 16:00, the first at 17:59, arriving at 19:27, and then leaving at 2 hour intervals with the last at 23:59 arriving 1:27 Monday.
I take the first one at 17:59. May I have the price and train ID?|Sure, the train id for the 17:59 departure is TR7713 and the price is 13.28 pounds. Would you like me to book you a ticket?
Yes I would like you to book a ticket and may I have the reference number please.|Your ticket has been booked and your reference number is XWBRQZHT.
Thank you for your help, that is everything I needed.|I'm happy to be of service. Enjoy the rest of your day!
I am looking for a attraction called emmanuel college.|Emmanuel College is located on St. Andrew's Street in the city centre, would you like to know their hours of operation?
No but can you get me the postcode.|Their postcode is cb23ap.
I need to find a train to get there too.|OK, can you give me your arrival and departure stations, as well as the day and time you would like to travel?
I need to arrive by 09:45 and I am going to Cambridge.|Can you tell me where you will be departing from and what day you will be traveling?
Sure, I will be departing from London Kings Cross on Friday.|I have train TR5219 leaving at 5:17 and arriving at 6:08 with a cost of 23.60 pounds. Would you like reservations?
Yes please for 8 people and let me know the reference number.|Great, 8 tickets secured your reference numer is 5CETWAP8 and the cost is 188.8 payable at the station. Anything else today?
Nope, that's all I need.|Thanks for calling in today. Have a nice day.
Thanks again.  Bye!|Thank you for your time.
I am looking for a restaurant called thanh binh in Cambridge.|Thanh Binh serves cheap vietnamese food and is located in the west. Would you like me to book you a table?
No thanks, can I have the phone number please?|Sure. The phone number is 0122362456. Can I be of further assistance?
Yes, I am searching for a particular attraction named old schools.|I have old schools located in centre. The entrance fee is free. Can I assist you with anything else today?
Yes, please provide more information about Old Schools.  What type of attraction is it?|Old Schools is a place to see some amazing architecture.
Could I get the address and postcode please?|It is located on Trinity Lane with a postcode of cb21tt. Can I be of further assistance?
I will need a taxi to commute between Thanh Binh and Old Schools. I need to leave Thanh Binh by 02:00.|I was able to book that taxi service for you. You will be in a yellow Tesla. The contact number for them is 07657268211.
Thank you very much! That's all for today.|Your welcome and goodbye!
I am looking for a museum in town|We have 23 museums to pick from, are there any preferences?
Do you have a suggestion?|The cafe jello gallery is nice. It is in the west and free to get in?
Can I get the address for that please?|There is no listing for jelly, but I can book the attraction for you
I am planning a trip to Cambridge. I was hoping to find the attraction called magdalene college.|Magdalene College is located in the west part of Cambridge. What information would you like about the college?
I'd like the postcode and address, please.|Magdalene College is located on Magdalene Street with a postcode of CB30AG. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I'd like to find the Ashley Hotel, please.|The Ashley Hotel is a moderately priced hotel on the north side of town. Would you like assistance booking a room there?
Yes. I'd like to book a room on Friday for 2 nights for 7 people.|That booking was unsuccessful. Would you like to try a different day, or a different length of stay?
How about just for 1 night? Can I also get a reference number.|The booking was successful. Your reference number is ZR1YUZB1.
Thank you. I also need a taxi from the college to the hotel, please.|I would be happy to book a taxi for you, what time would you like to leave the college by?
I'd like to leave the college by 7:00.|Your booking with a white ford has been completed. The contact number is 07979324338 and you will leave at 7:00.
Thank you that is all, good bye.|You are welcome.  Have a nice day.  Good bye.
I am planning a trip in Cambridge.|I can help with that. Where are you coming from?
I'm coming from norwich.|What day and time would you like to travel?
I'd like to leave on Tuesday after 18:15. Can I have an arrival time and price?|TR5488 will depart Norwich at 18:16 on Tuesday, arriving in Cambridge at 19:35. Would you like to book passage?
Can I get the price for that?|Each ticket costs 17.60 pounds.
i'm also looking for places to go in the east.|There are a few places ranging from boating to multiple sports attractions; what kind of attraction would you like to visit?
I'm open to anything.  How about the boating?|camboats is a great place in the East. Do you need their number?
Can I have the postcode please?|Their postcode is cb58sx. Can I help you with anything else today?
no thanks that is enough for today|You're welcome, have a great day!
I'm visiting Cambridge as a tourist!  I'm looking for an expensive place to stay that includes free parking!|I've got 5 expensive hotels with free parking. Do you care what part of the city you stay in? If not, I'd recommend University Arms Hotel.
The only other preferences I have are that the hotel is a guesthouse with free wifi.|There are no guestrooms that meet your requirements.  Would you be interested in a hotel room?
Is there a hotel in a more moderate price range with fee wifi?|I found Arbury Lodge Guesthouse that I think will fit your needs. It is moderately priced, four stars and includes parking and internet!
What area is the Arbury Lodge in?|The Arbury Lodge guesthouse is located in the northern part of town.
OK, I'll look into that one. Can you also tell me about the museums in town?|We have 23 museums, I'd recommend Byard Art if you are interested in art.
Is there an entrance fee for Byard Art?|No, no fee to get into byard art. Can I help with anything else?
That's all. Thank you! Bye!|Okay, glad I could be of help.
I'm looking for something to do in the centre, what do you have?|There is a lot to do in the centre. What type of attraction are you most interested in?
Are there any good nightclubs in that part of town?|There are 5 nightclubs in the centre, would you like more information about them?
I think I would just like you to recommend one.|They just added a second floor at Club Salsa. It's a must see. They are located at 1 Station Road. The entrance fee is 5 pounds.
Thank you! I also need a train that goes to Peterborough and arrives there at 14:45. I will be leaving from Cambridge on Wednesday.|There are 18 available trains that day. Could you tell me what time you would be departing?
I am not sure what time I want to leave yet.  Can you give me a list of travel time and departure times?|It sounds like TR3102 would be a great choice. It arrives by 14:24.
Okay, thanks! When does it depart, and how long is the ride?|It departs at 13:34 and is 50 minutes long. is there anything else i can help you with?
No that's all the help I need for now. Thanks|Enjoy the rest of your day and thank you for using the Cambridge help desk.
Hi, I am looking for a train.  I need to depart from cambridge after 12:00.|I can look this up for you, I just need the date and where you will be going to.
I am going to birmingham new street on Tuesday.|TR1731 will leave at 12:01, would that work for you?
Yes can I get the travel time and price for that?|Yes the travel time is 163 minutes and the price is 75.10 pounds.
Thanks so much. I also wanted to know if you can give me some information on an attraction called Primavera.|Primavera is a museum located in the center of town at 10 King S Parade and they do not charge an entrance fee. Anything else I can do for you?
Can I have their phone number, please?|Yes sure it is 01223357708.
Thank you very much.|Is there anything else I can do for you?
That is all, thank you!|Ok. Thank you. Goodbye
Please help me find a train that leaves Norwich after 5:45 PM. Thanks.|Certainly what day will you need that?
I would like to travel on Saturday please.|Train TR2970 should work for you, would you like me to book you passage?
yes book for me fo 3 people and provide me with reference number|I was able to book 3 tickets it will be 45.24 GBP you can pay at the station. The reference number is YVQA5ZCC. Anything else I can help with?
Yes, I'd also like to find some places to go while I'm in town. What is there in the way of architectural attractions in the city centre?|The All Saints Church would be a beautiful architectural attraction.  Would you like info on that?
Yes, can you please send that to me?|It's located on Jesus Lane. Entrance is free. The phone number is 01223452587 and the postcode is cb58bs. Do you need anything else?
No, that's perfect.  Thank you for you help.|You're welcome. Have a good day. Goodbye.
I need a train that is leaving after 11:30.|Yes, there are multiple trains available. What day and time will you be departing?
I need to leave from Cambridge on Monday please.|And where are you bound?
I am going to Birmingham New Street.|Is there a train leaving earlier than 11:30, since there is nothing after 11:30?
I need to leave after 11:30, and go to Birmingham, New Street.|Sorry about that, there are actually 12 options here. The first train is TR6162, which leaves at 12:01
Please make a booking for 6 people on that first train.|Your booking was successful, the total fee is 450.6 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : ISOR1J8A. Can I help with anything else?
I would also like somewhere fun to go, a college I think.|We have 18 colleges is there a specific area you'd like me to look at?
Can you recommend one for me and give me their phone number please?|Sure, corpus christi is located at king's parade, phone 01223338000. Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
No thank you, I am all set! Bye!|Thank you for contacting us.  Have a great day!
Hi! I'm looking for somewhere to go in the centre area.|Great! The centre has many attractions. Are you interested in a particular type?
I would love to maybe tour a college if I can.|We have 13 colleges in the centre area. The downing college is one that is free to enter. Would you like more information on this one?
Yes, and do you have the address and phone number?|Downing College is on Regent Street and the phone number is 01223334860. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No thank you. You have been very helpful. Have a great day.|My pleasure. Thank you for calling Cambridge TownInfo Centre. Goodbye.
I need a train into Cambridge on Thursday.|where would you be departing from?
I need to leave from Kings Lynn and arrive no later than 08:45 please.|There are five trains available, but the earliest train leaves at 09:11. I'm sorry.
Are you sure there's nothing earlier?|Certain, the earliest one leaves at 09:11
Hmm. Well, let's talk attractions for a moment. What kind of sports venues exist in the centre of town?|I am sorry there are no sports venues in the centre of town,can I search another area?
how about one that is in the type of concerthall|The Man on The Moon concerthall, 2 norfolk street, cb12fl. Their phone number is 01223474144. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
That will be all, thank you for you help.|You're very welcome! Have a great day!
I would like some information on an attraction called Clare Hall.   If you could provide address and cost of admission that would be great.|The Cost of Clare Hall is free, so you don't need to worry about that. The address is herschel road. Any more questions?
Could I get the phone number, postcode, and the area that The Cost of Clare Hall is located in, please?|The phone number is 01223332360, postcode is cb39al, and the area is west
Okay great. I'd also like to find a guesthouse that has a 4 star rating.|I've found 18 possible matches based on your preferences. Would you like to add additional preferences for your hotel?
I need a hotel that's cheap with free parking.|Alexander bed and breakfast is cheap with free parking and internet. It is in town centre. Does this suit your needs?
That would work, can you please book it for 1 person for 5 nights starting from Monday?|I apologize but could you book for another day or for a shorter stay?
Four nights would work.|All right, your room is reserved at the Alexander for four nights. Your reference number is GI3N4VIV.
Great. Thank you. That's all I need.|Great!  Glad we could help!
Yes, I am looking for information on train schedules for my upcoming trip.|What is your travel destination so I can narrow it down to a useful schedule?
I'm trying to go to cambridge.|Where will you be departing from?  Also, what day will you be traveling?
I'll be departing from the stansted airport on monday.|And what time were you looking to depart?
Doesn't matter, as long as I arrived by 12:45.|I've found TR5754 leaving stansted airport at 11:24 and arriving in cambridge at 11:52.  The price is 10.10 pounds, can I book this for you?
No. I do need to find a swimming pool in the west.|how about parkside pools? they're pretty fun.
Is parkside pools on the west side?|No, it's located in the centre.
That won't work then. I need one in the west.|There are no pools in the west, can I run another search for you?
How about a museum?|There are a few available. I highly suggest Cambridge Artworks located on 5 Greens Road. Do you need any information?
Thanks for the information, that is all.|Can I look up any attractions, taxi or anything else for you?
No, that is all I need today. Thank you so much.|Thank you for using our services.  Have a good day.
I am looking to go to a museum.|There are quite a few fantastic museums to choose from. Is there a specific area you are looking for?
I'm willing to go wherever the best museums are. Which would you recommend?|The cafe jello gallery is top notch. And there's no entrance fees. Or how about cambridge artworks their pretty nice as well. Both are in the west.
Can you tell me about the gallery? What's the address?|This gallery is located on the west side of town located at 13 magdalene street
What is the postcode there?  Also, I'll need a phone number.|The postcode is cb30af, sorry I do not have a phone number for the cafe jello gallery.
Well then, can you give me an address?|The address is cafe jello gallery, 13 magdalene street	, is there anything else you need?
Yes, I need information on a cheap restaurant in the centre of the city...whichever you recommend.|I would recommend golden house. It is a chinese restaurant at 12 Lensfield Road City Centre, postcode cb21eg, phone number 01842753771. Would you like me to book it for you?
No, thanks, I'll do that myself. You've been great, thanks for everything.|Thank you for contacting Cambridge TownInfo centre. Goodbye!
I would like to know what parks are in the west part of Cambridge.|Sorry, there are no parks in the west part of cambridge.
What about colleges?|There are 5 colleges in the west.  Clare and Queens' both charge entrance fees. Churchill, Clare, and Magdalene are free.
How much do Clare and Queens' charge? Can I have their phone number and postcode?|Clare College is 2.50 pounds, phone number 01223333200, postcode cb21tl. Queens' college cost the same, phone 01223335511, postcode cb39et. Which do you prefer?
Great thank you I also am looking for a train departing cambridge on saturday|There are many trains leaving Cambridge on Saturday. Where are you headed?
I'm going to Birmingham New Street and need to arrive by 16:45.|TR4975 matches your criteria and departs at 05:01. Is that acceptable?
Yes. Please book that for 1 person and give me the reference number.|I have booked 1 ticket for TR4975. The reference number is K88O0GEZ. It leaves Cambridge at 05:01.
Okay great. That is all I needed.|Okay. Glad I could be of help. Enjoy your travel.
Thanks very much for all of the help. Have a great day!|You as well, come back any time you need future assistance.
Hello, I'm looking for a hotel that is cheap. It doesn't need to have free parking.|I have found 10 hotels that match the criteria you listed. Is there any other criteria you have so we can narrow down your choices some more?
Yes, the hotel need to have free wifi.|All 10 of the places to stay have free wifi. Do you have a preference of a hotel or guest house? Or possibly a price or a number of stars?
No, I just need one of them that is cheap with wifi.|How about the Alexander bed and breakfast?
Yea that sounds good. Can I book for 5 people and 4 nights starting Friday|I'm sorry, that booking wasn't successful. Perhaps try another day or maybe shorten your stay?
Can we try for 2 nights?|Yes, that worked. I've got you booked with reference number GR86A29T. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I am looking for a place to go in the city centre.|we've got plenty  of attractions in the centre of town, can you narrow down your interests please?
I am looking for a place to go in the Centre.|Do you like boats? There is the cambridge punter on 251a chesterton road.
I want to go to a mutliple sports attraction.|Unfortunately, I don't have a multiple sport attraction in the centre. Can I try a different area or type of attraction for you?
How about a museum instead?|byard art would be nice
Sounds good to me! Can you give me their phone and address? Oh, and how much does it cost to get in?|Sure, the address is 14 King's Parade and their phone is 01223464646. Admittance is free.
I am also looking for a train that arrives by 11:45 on Thursday from Bishops Stortford to Cambridge.|The TR0798 leaves at 9:29 and gets you to Cambridge by 10:07. Would you like me to book you a ticket on it?
That would work. I need 8 tickets for that train please.|You are booked on Thursday on TR0798, reference number is 06UZDAZR and the total cost is 80.8 GBP payable at the station.
Thank you so much for your help, that's all I will need today!|Thank you for contacting Cambridge TownInfo centre!  Have a pleasant trip!  Goodbye!
Looking for a place to stay, can you help me pick?|I can we have 33 locations, do you have anything to narrow it down?
I want a guesthouse that has free parking.|I could recommend the Acorn Guest House.  It is in the North area and has a moderate price range.
Could you please book it for 6 people staying 5 nights from Friday?|I have made that reservation and your reference number is 1PCQYQ0P
Excellent.  I'm also looking for a place to visit.  Can you tell me if there are any colleges in the centre area?|I'd recommend christ's college on saint andrews street, cb23bu. Their phone number is 01223334900. Will that be all?
Thanks that was all I needed.|Can you book it for me and get a reference number ?
I'm here to visit some colleges, can you please help me find the addresses of some of them?|Sure, I can get you the addresses.   There are five different colleges.  Did you have specific ones in mind?
Nothing in particular. Just give me the area, postcode, and phone for one of them.|Churchill college is located in the west postcode cb30ds. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I will need the phone number for them as well please.|Their phone number is 01223336233	.
I also need a place to eat called tandoori palace.|The tandoori palace is on the East side. Would you like me to reserve for you?
No thank you. I would just like the phone number and address.|Sure, the address is 68 Histon Road Chesterton, and the phone number is 01223506055.
Thank you for your help. Have a great day.|you're very welcome. you have a good day too.
Hi, I'm visiting the area and would like to find some local tourist attractions to the east of here.|Do you have any preferences?  We have museums, parks, pools, and a sports centre.
Yes, could you please give me some information on parks, pools, and the sports centre?     I just need the address and cost of admission please.|Abbey pool and astroturf pitch at pool way, whitehill road with unknown entrance fee. The cherry hinton water play at cherry hinton hall, free entrance.
Could I have the postcode for the cherry hinton water play, please?|Sure, the postcode for cherry hinton water play is cb18dw. Do you need any more information?
I also need a place to stay in the expensive price range. It needs free parking, wifi and a 4 star rating.|There is the Huntingdon Marriott Hotel in the West, and the University Arms Hotel in the Centre. Would you like to book either of these?
Let's go with the one in the Centre. I need 5 nights starting Friday for 2 people.|Okay, great!  You are booked at the University Arms Hotel for five nights, starting Friday.  Your reference number is: MVKDGLQD.  Do you need the address or phone number?
Nope, I'm all set today. Thank you for your help!|You're welcome. Have a great day.
I am traveling to the centre area of cambridge and am looking for something to do.  Can you recommend places to go.|There is the Vue Cinema on the grafton centre, east road.
Can I have the postcode and phone number?|Sure the phone is 08712240240 and post code cb11ps.
Great, thanks. Can you also help me find a train?|There are many trains running, let's narrow down the search a little bit shall we? What time, day and where are you going may help
I would like to leave on Sunday after 12:30, on the train departing from Cambridge and arrive in Kings Lynn.|The first train available is at 13:11, and there are others running every hour thereafter.  Would you like me to book for you?
I don't need to book, but can you tell me the train ID, arrival time, and total travel time?|Sure, TR8241 arrives at Kings Lynn by 13:58, with a short 47 minute commute.  The cost for a ticket is 7.84 pounds.  Is there anything else you need?
That's all I need!|Alright, I'm glad I was helpful to you today. Have a great day.
i am looking for a cheap restaurant in the centre part of town.|You have a lot of great choices. Can we narrow your search with a type of cuisine you'd like or would like to avoid?
Thank you. I would really like african food if possible.|Bedouin is the only African restaurant in town, but they're not cheap. Would you like to try a different type of cuisine?
would you like me to book it for you ?|would you like me to book it for you ?
yes, please. 7 people at 17:00 for saturday|Ok, your table has been booked and will be reserved for 15 minutes. Your reference number is 12UC21E9. Can I assist you further today?
Thank you. Yes, I am also looking for an attraction in the same area of town.|There are many to chose from in that area, might I recommend all saints church? Or are you looking for something specific?
That attraction works, can I have more information?|Sure! It is located on Jesus Lane, CB58BS. The entrance fee is free and their phone number is 01223452587.
Okay, great. I'll also need a taxi to commute between the two places. I'll need to arrive at the restaurant by the booked time.|Your taxi is booked. Be expecting a blue Volkswagen. If you need to contact the company, please call 07745957950.
Thank you for all your help.|You're welcome! Bye!
I am looking for something to do in the centre of town.|Do you have a particular preference on what you want to see?
No I don't have a preference for exactly what it is.|All Saints Church is a nice place to visit, and it's free to get in.
Okay, that's great to know. Thank you. Now I will also need help finding a train please.|I can help you with that. Please let me know what day and time you want to leave and where you'll be leaving from.
I will leaving on tuesday and need to leave after 8:30.|Can I get your destination please?
My destination is Cambridge. I will be leaving from Birmingham New Street.|Train 2761 leaves birmingham new street tuesday at 08:40.  How does that sound?
Thats good good can you book it for me and get a reference number ?|Sure, I can do that. How many tickets do you need?
How much will it cost per person?|It is 75.10 pounds per person. Would you like me to reserve any seats?
No, that would be fine, thanks.|Can I help you with anything else today?
No, I think that will it. Thanks!|Enjoy your stay and have fun.
Hi I need to know which train will take me to Cambridge on Monday, can you help me?|There are 202 potential matches for your criteria. Where would you be coming from that day?
I will be departing Kings Lynn after 12:00|Yes I have a 13:11 that arrives in Cambridge from Kings Lynn by 13:58. Would you like me to book that for you?
What is the price please?|TR0415 leaves at 17:58. can i help you book?
I will need the price, travel time, and train id first please.  Also looking for a park to go in town.|Train TR4329 has a travel time of 47 minutes with a cost of 9.80 pounds.  I'd be happy to book that for you.
That's okay, can you tell me about parks in town?|We have 5 parks throughout the city, 2 in the south, 1 in the north, east, and centre. Would you like more information on any of these?
Which one is in the east?|In the East we Cherry Hinton Water Play park, it is free to enter. Would you like the phone number or address?
If i could just get the phone number that would be great.|Sure! It's 01223446100. Can I help you with anything else?
No, that will be all for today. Thank you!|No problem. Thanks for using Cambridge TownInfo. Goodbye.
I need information on the fitzwilliam museum|Ok, I can help you with that.  What kind of information do you need?
Can I get the phone number, address, and area it is located in?|Of course, the Fitzwilliam Museum is located in the centre area of town, at Trumpington street, and can be reached at the phone number: 01223332900. Do you need anything else?
No, thank you, that is all I need.|OK, have a nice day.  Good bye.
I'm looking for a moderately priced restaurant in the centre.|There are over 20 results. Is there a certain type of food you'd like?
I'm in the mood for some Mexican food. Is there a restaurant of that type in the center of town? If so, I'll need address and postcode.|It doesn't look like there are any Mexican restaurants in the centre at all. Would you like to try any other kind of restaurant?
Well let's try another type of food that is moderately priced. What do you suggest?|Bloomsbury Restaurant is an international restaurant that offers a variety of food. It is located at Crowne Plaza Hotel 20 Downing Street CB23DT. Their phone number is 08719429180.
Im also looking for some entertainment near the restaurant.|I'm sorry, there isn't any entertainment in the centre.  Could you be more specific as to what you are looking for?
Could you help me find a nightclub, please?|Yes I have many. Would you like me to suggest one?
Yes, that could be great.|How about Club Salsa. I hear that it's pretty great for a night out. Would you like more information about it?
Yes, I would also like to get a taxi too. I would like to know the contact number and car type also.|Club Salsa is located at 1 Station Road and their entrance fee is 5 pounds. From where to where do you need a taxi?
I want to book a taxi to commute between the two places.|What times were you thinking about leaving and arriving?
I'd like to leave Club Salsa by 21:30, definitely don't want to be there when things start to get exciting!|What about an arrival time to your destination?
It doesn't matter.|I was able to book a red skoda phone number 07453096254
thank you that will be all|Glad to be of service. Have a great day.
For sure.  Goodbye now.|good day and welcome again
Hi, I am looking for an upscale restaurant in the Centre.|I can certainly help you. Do you have any preferences regarding the type of cuisine?
I would like on that serves chinese food.|I found four options- one is the ugly duckling. Would you like the other choices?
The Ugly Duckling sounds fine. Could you reserve a table for one  on Wednesday at 12:00?|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Reference number is : T1LQED6V. anything else?
Yes, I want to find a place to visit in the same area. Are there any cinemas?|Vue Cinema is located in the centre.  Would you like the phone number or address?
How much is the entrance fee?|I am sorry I don't have that info, anything else today?
That's alright, I don't need anything further. Goodbye! Thanks!|Thank you and enjoy your stay!
Hello, I am looking for some places to go in the centre of town.|There is a lot to do in the centre. Is there a certain type of attraction you'd like to see or do?
I was thinking something related to multiple sports|We don't have any multiple sports facilities in the centre of town. Do you want to look for something else?
How about a theatre? I think we would enjoy seeing a show!|May I recommend Cambridge Arts Theatre located in the centre of town?
That would be great. Can I have the postcode, address, and entrance fee please?|I don't have any information about admission, but you can call them to get more information.  The number is 01223503333. The address is 6 saint edward's passage cb23pj
Ok.  I also need info on the restaurant Darrys cookhouse and wine shop.|Darrys Cookhouse and Wine Shop is a modern European restaurant located in the centre of town.  It's in the expensive price range.  Would you like to make a reservation?
Yes, that would be great. I'll need a table for 7 on Friday at 18:00.|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Reference number is : BT75ESXM. Can I help you with anything else?
I don't think so.  Thanks for all your help.|Hope you have a great time during your trip.
That was so nice of you to say thanks so much.|You're very welcome! Take care!
Hi! I'm looking for a guesthouse.|We have 24, do you care about price or part of town?
I want it to be located in the centre.|Great! I have two guesthouses in the Centre area; Alexander Bed and Breakfast with 4 stars and El Shaddai with 0. Would you like more information on either one?
Can I get more info on the Alexander bed and breakfast please?|The alexander bed and breakfast guesthouse. It is located in the centre of town and is cheap priced with 4 stars. Would you like reservations?
Yes please.  I need it for 4 nights starting Sunday.  Just for me.|Booking was successful.
Reference number is : ZPDWV18R. anything else?
Can you find a museum that is close to my hotel? I would like to know the entry fee, address and phone number. Thank you.|The museum Primavera is very popular. Would you like to know more?
Yes, what is the museum address and phone number? I am also curious about the entrance fee, please.|The phone number is 01223357708. Its address is 10 king s parade. It is free to visit. Anything further you need help with today?
That's everything, actually! Thanks a ton! Bye!|I hope you have a wonderful time at the museum.
I'm looking for a museum to visit in the centre of town.|There are eleven museums in the city centre. Might I recommend the museum of archaelogy and anthropology?
Tell me more about the anthropology museum please.|The museum of archaelogy and anthropology is free to get into and is located at the University of Cambridge on Downing Street. Their phone number is 01223333516.
What is their postcode?|Their postcode is cb23dz. If you would like to reach them directly, their phone number is 01223333516. Anything else I can help with?
No, that is all.  Thanks so much.|Glad to help.
I am looking for a restaurant called HK Fusion.|Would you like a reservation?
Yes, I would love a reservation for Tuesday for 3 people at 19:15 please.|Your booking is taken care of, your reference number is AMF28NF1.  May I help with anything else?
Wonderful. Yes, can you also help me find a cool place to check out in the west?|Absolutely. There are some wonderful attractions in that area. Would you like something free?
Sure thing. And could I get the postcode for it too?|I would recommend The Museum of Classical Archaeology the post code is cb39da. Would you like a reservation?
I would like a booking and the reference number.|How many tickets do you need?
I'll need tickets for three and I will also need you to book at taxi for us as well.  We want to be sure we make our dinner reservation.|If you want tickets to the museum, I suggest calling because my system cannot book tickets there. However, I did book you a red honda taxi. Contact # 07125574680
Thanks so much! That will be all for today.|You're welcome.  Thank you for calling the Cambridge TownInfo Centre. Have a great day!
I am looking for a place to go in the centre of town.|There are lots of fun places to go in the centre of town. Is there a particular type of attraction you're looking for?
I don't care about the attraction.|I recommend all saints church on Jesus Lane.  It's free.
Ok, can I have the phone number and postcode, please?|Sure thing! The phone number is 01223452587, and the postcode is cb58bs. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, I need to find a train going from cambridge to peterborough please.|What day and time would you like to depart? The train ride lasts 50 minutes and a ticket cost 16.50 pounds for your information.
Great, I want to go on Sunday and I need 8 tickets please.|There is a train leaving at 5:06 and arriving at 05:56 for 13.20 pounds. Would you like me to book this for you?
Yes please book it for 8 people and give me the reference number|All right, you have eight tickets booked for a total of 105.6 GBP payable at the station. Your reference number is P33M2HJN. Can I help you with anything else today?
No, I think that is enough. Thank you!|You're very welcome. Use the Cambridge TownInfo centre whenever you need guidance around towne!
I am looking for a park east of town with a playground.|Cherry Hinton Water Play is a park which matches your requirements, would you like directions?
could you kindly tell me of the entrance fee?|It's free to enter!
Perfect, I also need to find a moderately priced restaurant.  Can you help me with that too?|May I suggest Rajmahal, it is an Indian Restaurant in the same area as the Park you will be visiting. Shall I provide you with more information?
Does it serve North African or bristish foods?|It serves Indian food.  Would you like me to search for North African or British?
British food please and thank you|I only have italian food in that area.
Ok that will have to do then.  Please give me the reference number and have the taxi commute between both places, car type and contact info please.|Where do you want to leave from? The park or the restaurant? What time do you want to leave and arrive by?
I would only require arriving to the restaurant by the booked time.|We have actually not completed a restaurant booking yet. Can you repeat your criteria as it got a little confusing before. Once I reserve it, we can do the taxi.
I want British food at a moderate price.|There are no British restaurants.
North American food? I need a reservation for 7 at 19:30 on Friday. Also a taxi to arrive to the restaurant by the booked time, car type and contact number.|What time would you like to leave?
I just need to arrive at the restaurant by the booked time.|Okay your booking is as follows: a white Tesla will pick you up and your contact number is 07715015033.
.
Thank you. That is all I need.|There are several British food places at moderate price in centre town and one in the west. Should I recommend one and which area do you prefer: centre or west?
Hi! I'd like a hotel with a 4 star rating and free parking, please.|Were you looking for a hotel in a particular area?
I'm trying to stay on the east, if possible.|I have 5 of them in the east. Three of them are cheap and two are moderate priced. Did you have a preference?
The price doesn't matter. What do you recommend?|I would recommend the allenbell.
Does it have free wifi?|Yes, it does have free wifi.  Would you like me to book this for you?
Not yet. What is their phone number?|Yes their telephone number is 01223210353.
Great and what is their post code?|postcode, is cb13js, address is 517a coldham lane, internet and parking is included and price is cheap.  Can I help with anything else?
Would you also find me a hotel in the same area?|In the east, I have 6 different guesthouses and 1 hotel. Do you have a preference?
No, that's OK.  The Allenbell is great.  What i need is information on boat attraction in the same pay off town.|Do you want me to book that hotel for you?
I'd just like the phone number and postcode for now. Thank you.|The phone number and post code are: 01223210353 and cb13js.  Camboats is a boating attraction in the east. Would you like more information?
Yes I will need a taxi to get me to the attraction by 08:15.|Will you be getting picked up from allenbell?
No I want to leave Camboats at 08:15 and go to the hotel.|A red audi will pick you up and the contact number is 07026466566. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Thank you. That is all I need.|Thank you for contacting us and have a nice day.
Can you tell me whether there are colleges open to sightseers in the city center?|There are several places, churchill college is available.
What is the address?|Churchill College is on storey's way.
Can you give me the phone number also?|Churchill College can be reached at 01223336233. Is there anything else I can help with today?
I'm also looking for a cheap Indian restaurant, can you recommend one for me?|Sure, I would recommend Kohinoor Indian restaurant in the Centre. Would you like a reservation?
Sounds good. Can I get their phone number and address?|Their address is 74 Mill Road City Centre and the phone number is 01223323639. Can I help you with anything else?
No, you've taken care of everything for me today! Thank you!|You're welcome.  Enjoy your visit to Cambridge!
I am looking for attractions in the town centre|Are you interested in architecture? It is free to visit all saints church.
What is their phone number?|The phone number is 01223452587. Do you need any other information about it?
No, that is all I need for today. Thank you.|Good by and have a nice stay.
i'm looking for university arms hotel|University Arms Hotel is an expensive 4-star hotel in the Centre of town on Regent Street. The hotel has internet and parking. Would you like me to book you a room?
Yes, I need 3 nights for 1 person starting from Saturday and the reference number.|I've got it booked!  Here's your reference number: 8QBUV7UM. Can I help you with anything else?
Yes, I am also looking for places to go on the west side of town.  Can you suggest some places?|Do you have any preferences in the type of activity? Museums? Entertainment? Colleges?
A museum would be fine. I'll just need to know the entrance fee.|lynne strover gallery which is my favourite has free entrance.
i also want to book a taxi to commute between the two places|Sure, which direction will you need to travel and when?
From the hotel to the museum, leaving by 22:00.|Ok.  I was able to book a yellow bmw for you.  The contact number is 07465102447.
Thanks for all of your help!|I'm glad I was able to help you. Thanks for using our service today. Hope you have a good day.
I'd like something fun to do while I'm in Cambridge.|There are many different attractions in town.  Did you have a certain type of activity in mind?
I'm looking for some entertainment in the south part of town.|You have a choice of Nusha or Tenpin.
get me their post code and phone number.|Okay, Nusha's post code is cb17dy and the phone number is 01223902158. Tenpin's postcode is cb17dy and phone number is 	08715501010.
Thanks. Can you help me find a cheap place to stay for the night?|sure, i have 10 options for you!
I need it to be in the west and I would prefer a hotel.|The Cambridge Belfry is located in the West is cheap, and has 4 stars. Would you like me to book that for you?
Does it have free parking ?|Yes it does! Do you want me to book now?
Can you just tell me the address please?|It's located at Back Lane, Cambourne.  Can I help you with anything else today?
Please! Can you help me book a taxi to Nusha? I'd like to leave the hotel by 14:30 to make sure I get to Nusha too early to enjoy myself.|Booking completed!
Booked car type	:	white lexus
Contact number	:	07607123789
Thanks for all your help!|You're welcome. Have a great trip.
thanks and great day|you too have a great day
I want a nice park to visit while i'm in town.|Great! You might like Milton Country Park in the north. It has free entrance. Would you like more information?
Can I get their address please?|Their address is milton country park, milton, postcode cb46az. Can I help you with anything else?
Thank you. I also need your help finding a moderately-priced place to eat in the south part of town.|Of course. Would you prefer Italian at Pizza Hut Cherry Hinton or Restaurant Alimentum that serves modern european?
I want Italian, so let's go with Pizza Hut Cherry Hinton.|Great, they are located at G4 Cambridge Leisure Park Clifton Way Cherry Hinton. Would you like me to reserve a table for you?
Could I get a postcode and a phone number?|The postcode is cb17dy and the phone number is 01223323737.
Thanks! I also need a taxi to get to the attraction by 10:15. Can you help?|What will be your departure site?
I'd like to leave Milton Country Park by 10:15 and go to Pizza Hut Cherry Hinton.|Just to clarify, would you like to arrive at milton country park by 10:15 or leave the park by 10:15?
I want to leave the park by 10:15.|Thank you, I have booked you a grey ford taxi, the contact number is 07348401469. Is there anything else I can help you with?
That's all I need now. Thanks.|Thank you for contacting Cambridge TownInfo centre. Goodbye!
I need to find a train from cambridge on wednesday.|The TR3702 takes you to london kings cross.  Do you need a ticket?
No. I would like to go to Norwich at 9:30.|Do you want to leave at 9:30 or arrive by then?
Arrive by 9:30 in Norwich.|What time could you like to depart at?
I have no preference for that. Can you make a booking for me on the train with the earliest departure time?|Sure, I can do that.  How many tickets did you need?
3 tickets please. And a reference number too|I made those reservations on train TR9179 and your reference number is JUAPVB1I.
Thanks so much for your help.|You're welcome! Is there anything else I can help with today?
I also need information about funky fun house.|Sure thing let me get that for you.
Ok, thanks. Can you tell me the postcode and area it's in?|It's in the east and the postcode is cb58hy. Is there anything else you need?
No. That will be all for today. Thanks so much! Goodbye|Funky fun house is located at 8 mercers row, mercers row industrial estate. May i assist you with something else?
I am looking for places to go in the centre of town. I would like some type of architecture attraction.|There are five to choose from. Would you like a free attraction or one with an admission charge?
Will you recommend one? I don't care about the entrance fee.|I would recommend All Saints Church. They're at Jesus Lane. Would you like their phone number?
Yes, please provide their phone number.|Their phone number is 01223452587. Can I help you with anything else today?
Yes, I also need a train from cambridge to kings lynn. I'll be traveling on Wednesday after 18:30.|I have a train leaving at 19:11 and arriving at 19:58 wil that work for you?
Yes! I need 5 tickets. Can you please provide my reference number?|Your Reference number is 24ZYMC9U. Can I help you with anything else?
You have been very helpful, that is everything. Thank you.|Excellent. I hope you have a great rest of your day!
Do you have any trains heading to Cambridge on Tuesday?|I have a lot of trains. Do you have a time of day ?
Yes I need to leave broxbourne after 13:15.|TR8199 will leave at 13:32 and arrive by 14:42. Do you require more information or would you like to book?
yes book please for 1|Booking was successful, the total fee is 17.89 GBP payable at the station .Reference number is : JWI85JQG.is there anything else i can be of help?
Thank you. Can you also recommend places to go in the centre of town that involves multiple sports?|Unfortunately, the only multiple sports attraction is in the east. Can I look up some other attraction for you?
How about a museum in the centre of town?|I'd recommend primavera on 10 king s parade. Would you like more information on it?
I need the postcode.|The postcode is cb21sj.
Thanks for your help!|Sure thing!  Can I help you with anything else?
No thanks you were great! Have a good day.|I hope you have a wonderful day as well.  Goodbye!
I want a train leaving on thursday.|I show 404 rail departures on Thursday, can I get something specific for you?
I'm going from cambridge to broxbourne any time after 09:15.|TR6806 will leave at 10:01 and arrive at 11:01. The trip will take 60 minutes and it will cost 17.90 pounds. Would you like to book?
Yes. Book for 4 people.|Ok.  I booked four tickets for you.  Your reference number is FRSZ5A8R.  Can I help you with something else?
Im also looking for a place by the name of milton county park.|What information are you looking for?
I would like the phone number and postcode for it please.|The phone number is 01223420060 and the post code is cb46az.
Thank you! That's all I needed, thanks so much.|Sounds great, before i let you go, I just want to make sure we have covered everything that you need.
yes you did|enjoy your stay in Cambridge!
Hello!  I'm planning a trip to Cambridge and am interested in hearing about places to stay.|Do you have a preferred price range or area of town? This will help me find just what you are looking for.
Oh for sure. Uh let's try something with 2 stars and moderately priced.|I'm sorry. We don't anything available in that area for that price range. Is there another area you would like to try?
Let's try any 2 star hotel, then.|There are two, shall I try booking one?
Yes, please for 1 night.|I would be happy to assist you with booking, first I will need to know what day you will be arriving and for how many people?
I would like accommodations for 6 people for 3 nights starting Tuesday.|I tried to book the Ashley Hotel, but it was unsuccessful. Would you like to try another day or a shorter stay?
Try a 1 night stay, instead.|Ashley Hotel was available for Tuesday night and I have made your reservation. Your reference number is FP60B1F2. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I need a sports attraction in the centre, can you give me more info?|Unfortunately, I don't have any sports complexes in the centre. I could try another area, or another attraction.
Are there any theatres in the area then?|Yes, several. The ADC Theatre, the Cambridge Arts Theatre, Mumford Theatre, and The Cambridge Corn Exchange. Would you like to hear more about any of those?
Yes, Can I have the post code and entrance fee for the ADC?|Postal is cb58as, I do not have inform on the entrance fee, you may need to call them at 01223300085
Ok perfect, that is all that I needed.  Thank you for your help!  Goodbye.|You're very welcome!  I hope that you enjoy your stay.  Goodbye!
Could you help me find some entertainment in the center of town?|There are no entertainment centers in the centre of town.  Would you like to try another area?
Yes, another area is fine.|What about the funky fun house?
Can you check for a type of architecture in the centre area please?|I have 4 architecture attractions.  They include all saints church, great saint mary's church, holy trinity church, little saint mary's church and old schools.
Can you tell me the entrance fee of All saints church?|It is free.  Would you like the address and phone number for it?
No, that's fine, but I need a train from london liverpool street arriving by 9:00.|TR6939 arrives in cambridge by 07:07. Will that work for you or do you have another destination in mind.
I'm looking for architecture in the centre part of town. Can you help me with that?|I sure can.  I personally like Little Saint Mary's Church on Little Saint Mary's Lane.  Admission is free.
Oh, great!  Can you get me the phone number, postcode, and how much does it cost to get in?|The number is 01223366202, the postcode is 	cb21qy and the admission is free. Will there be anything else I can help you with?
Are there any trains going to Cambridge on Friday?|There sure are.  Where will you be leaving from?
I will be departing from London Kings Cross after 20:45.|There is a 21:17 that will arrive by 22:08.  How does that sound?
That would work, can you give me the price, train ID, and travel time on that?|The train id is TR1581 for 23.60 pounds. Travel time is 51 minutes
Thank you that is all I need today.|I'm glad I was able to assist you today. Have a nice day.
i need a place to stay|OK, what area or price range do you have in mind?
No particular price range but I would like for it to have free parking internet with a 2 stars.|You have a choice of three, two in the North and one in the west.
North work for me, Ill go with what you pick, just need the price range, hotel type and postal code so I can plan ahead.|Ashley hotel is nice. It's a moderately priced hotel in the north. The postcode is cb41er. Can I book it for you?
Not yet.  Do you have a price range for that hotel?|It is moderately priced.
Does it have a pool?|I am unsure but it does have free wifi and parking. Would you like me to book a reservation for you?
Yes, I do need a reservation.|When will you start your stay and for how long?
You know what? I think I'm going to hold off on the hotel reservation right now. Is there a swimiming pool near there?|There are two, jesus green outdoor pool and kings hedges learner pool.
is one of them free?|Neither prices are listed and can vary by season and day, you would have to call them, jesus green can be reached at 01223302579, kings hedges at 01223353248, any preference?
YES , i could want to book a taxi to commute between the two places.|what time do you want to leave?
I would like to leave the hotel by 02:45.|at what time do want to arrive
i dont have a specific time to arrive|where are you leaving from?
i will be leaving from the hotel|headed to what place?
This conversation has gotten a little confused, hasn't it? I'd like to go to King Hedges Learner pool, please.|I am the floor manager, I apologize, we are training a new crew. I have your taxi booked, look for a black honda, they can be reached at 07639528951.
Thank you that was all I needed goodbye.|Thank you for using our service.
i am looking for a place to stay. The hotel should include free wifi and should be in the north part of town.|There are 12 hotels in the north part of town with free wifi. Do you have a price range in mind?
No specific price range. I would like for it to have free parking.|I have 11 different options. Many are guesthouses and I have 2 hotels. Do you have a preference?
choose one, book it for 4 people and 5 nights starting from monday|I've booked you a room for 4 people beginning on Friday and lasting five days at Acorn Guest House. Your reference number is 5JM761L2. Can I help with anything else?
Thank you. I am also interested in attractions in the same area as the Acorn Guest House. I feel like going to the cinema.|Sorry, I don't have any options available. Would you like to try a different area or attraction type?
do you have any boats any area ?|Yes there are 4 boat attractions in town. Riverboat georgina is in the north. Do you need more help?
Yes may I have the entrance fee please?|I'm sorry, their entrance fee is unknown, but if you'd like to call them to ask, they can be reached at 01223902091. Do you need further assistance?
Thank you so much for the info. That is all I need today, goodbye.|You're welcome. Enjoy your stay.
Hi, I'm looking for a train departing from Cambridge and need it to arrive by 16:30.|Can you help me by specifying where you'll be traveling to, and on what day?
I need the train to get to Stevenage on Monday, please.|The earliest is the TR2515, departing Cambridge at 05:21, arriving in Stevenage at 06:10. Is that one you'd like to book a seat on or would you like something later?
I think that is all for the moment. Let me think , thanks.|Ok just let me know when you are ready.
I am looking for emmanuel college.|Emmanuel college is located at saint andrew's street and it is free of charge.
Can you tell me what area Emmanuel College is in?|Emmanuel College is in the Centre area. Is there anything else I can help you with?
postcode, phone number, and area|The area is the centre. The postcode is cb23ap and the phone number is 01223334200. May I help you with anything else today?
Nope that is all I can think of. Thank you so much for the help!|Well, if there is nothing else you need, then I hope you have a pleasant day. Goodbye!
I want a train leaving from  london liverpool street.|I can help with that. What is the destination?
My destination is Cambridge, and I'll be traveling on Saturday.|Is there a time you would like to leave or arrive by?
I would leave after 14:45.|I have a train that leaves at 15:39 and arrives and 17:07. Would you like me to book that for you?
Yes please make a booking for 4 people.|Your all set and your reference number is 2ITJJMJC. May I help you with anything else today?
I am looking for a boat.|Where would you like it to be?
Can you check in the  north please. That would be ideal.|It looks like the Riverboat Georgina is in the north.  Would you like more information about it?
Yes, please.  Can I have the postcode?|The postcode for the riverboat georgina is cb43ax. Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
That is all thank you!|Thank you for contacting us and have a nice day.
Hello, I would to know about some places to go in Cambridge. I'd like to do something on a boat, if possible.|Ok, there are four options. Two are in the centre, one is in the east and one is in the north.
Let's try the one in the north.  What is the entrance fee?|I have a listing for riverboat georgina in the north is that okay?
Yes, can I get the postcode and entrance fee?|Yes, the postcode is cb43ax and the entrance fee is not known at this time.
Thank you I also need a train that will depart from cambridge and should go to leicester.|I have several trains available.  What day will you be traveling and when would you like to leave and arrive?
I need the train to leave after 13:00 on Monday. Tell me if any fit this description. I need to know the arrival time and train ID as well.|Train TR6799 leaves Cambridge at 13:21 and arrives at Leicester at 15:06. Will that work for you?
Yes, that's perfect! Could I have the arrival time and train ID please?|The train id number is TR6799 and the arrival time is 15:06. Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
No thank you, looking forward to my time here.  Have a great day.|Yes, please enjoy your time in Cambridge.  Thanks for letting me help you today.  Bye.
I'd like to know of some places to go in Cambridge.|There are several places to go in the Cambridge area. What type do you prefer?
I prefer the architecture type.|I have located five locations relating to architecture. Four of the five locations are a church and the other is a school. Which type of location do you prefer to visit?
How about the school? Can I have the postcode and address of it please?|The address is trinity lane and the postcode is cb21tt.
I'm also looking for a train from Cambridge to Bishops Stortford|What is your departure day and time?
I am looking to depart on Monday and arrive by 20:00. Hoping to not leave hours and hours before that though.|The closest arrival time to 20:00 is 18:07, is that suitable?
That's fine as long as you can book it for four people|Indeed I can book that for 4 people. Your booking was successful, the total fee is 40.4 GBP payable at the station. Reference number is : 2I1YOWD4
Great that's all that I need, thank you!|You are welcome. I am glad I could help and I hope you have a wonderful day!
i need a hotel in the north|There are 11 guesthouses and 2 hotels. Did you have a preference?
It should be a hotel. I don't care if it has parking.|I have two moderately priced ones for you to choose from. Would you like a recommendation?
Please pick one for me.   The wife just "politely requested" that we change our mind on the parking, can you pick one that includes free parking?|Both have free parking. I suggest the Lovell Lodge. It's a good place. Phone is 01223425478. Would you like me to book it for you?
Yes please. I'll need it booked for Saturday, for 4 nights, and 3 people.|Your booking is confirmed. 3 people arriving on Saturday and staying for 4 nights. Your Reference number is : 4XAIWCKT. Can I assist you with anything else?
My wife and I thank you. That would be it|You're welcome! Have a great day!
Umm you too, as much as I have enjoyed the chat, I think this is the end of the dialogue.|This is the end
Hi. Could you help me find a hotel for my trip?|Absolutely, I would love to help you with that! Do you have a specific area of town or a specific price point that you would like?
I would like a 4-star hotel in the north area. Oh, and no free parking.  I'm concerned about safety when people park their cars next to the hotel!|The Avalon Guesthouse is in a very safe neighborhood in the north. Would you like me to book that for you?
I have not decided yet.|Well that's ok we can book it later if you want.  Is there anything else I can help you with?
Actually, I do believe I would like to book the Avalon Guesthouse. Can you help me with this?|Of course I'd be happy to.  How many people, when, and for how many days?
for 6 people for 5 nights starting on Monday|You and your party are booked at the Avalon. Your reference number A7T5CV0X. Can I help with anything else
I am also looking for a nice theatre to visit in the centre of town.|We have 4 available for you. The ADC Theatre is nice. Would you like more information about it or the others?
Yeah, could I get its address?|ADC Theater is located on Park Street in postcode cb58as. Is there anything else you need?
No that was it. Thank you so much for your help.|You're welcome. Enjoy your stay and visit to the theatre.
Hello. I'm looking for a few good places to see in town on my next visit to cambridge.|There are lots of churches in the centre of town. Would you like to visit one?
No, I need something in the western part of town.|There are many colleges and museums on the west side. There is also one entertainment center. Which do you prefer?
What would you recommend?  I don't have a preference.|Queens college is quite pretty. It is on Silver street in the west.
Is it near the Hobsons House hotel?|Yes, both the Hobsons House and the college are both in the west part of town.  Would you like information for the college?
Actually, the college sounds great. I don't need more info. But I would love a taxi to get me from Queens College to Hobsons House. I want to leave by 16:30.|Do you know when you want to get there by?
It doesn't matter.|Booking completed! Your ca is a black lexus and the contact number is 07301130189
Perfect! That's all I need today, thank you!|You are very welcome. Glad I could help. Have a nice day.
I want an expensive restaurant in the South.|I found a  few choices for you. Would you be interested in Chinese, Indian, Italian, or Mexican cuisine?
Mexican will would great. I need a reservation for 2 at 19:30 on Monday.|Your reservation is booked at Chiquito Restaurant for 19:30 on Monday. The restaurant is located at 2G Cambridge Leisure Park, Cherry Hinton Road in Cherry Hinton. Your reservation number is SLYNF4LH.
Thank you! That's all that I needed.|Wonderful. Have a good visit.
Actually, I am also looking for places to go in the same area as Chiquito Restaurant is.|We have several. Would you be interested in a museum, a park or a theatre?
A museum would be great. Could I have the address of one you suggest?|the byard art museum offers free entrance fee
That sounds great. May I have the address, please?|The Byard Art Museum is located at 14 King's Parade. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes can you book me a taxi to take me to the restaurant from the museum?|Your taxi reservation has been confirmed on a white skoda. Their contact number is 07558835298. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, will there be any theater performances on the next night, Tuesday?|If you want to stay in the south, there is the Junction on Clifton Way. There are also 4 theatres in the center of town. Do you want more information?
Actually that is all I need. thank you for you're help.|You're welcome, have a great day.
Hello, I am looking for places to go in the west? Can you help me?|Are you interested in a specific type of attraction?
Whatever is popular, but I would like it to be in the west area.|how about people's portraits exhibition at girton college?
What kind of attraction is that specifically please?|it's considered a museum.
Thank you. I also need to check on a train, please.|Where would you be departing from?  Also, where would you like to arrive?
I would like to depart from Cambridge and go to Bishops Stortford.|What day will you be traveling and do you have an arrival and departure time in mind?
I want to travel on Tuesday from Cambridge and arrive in Bishops Stortford by 16:45.|I have 6 trains leaving starting at 05:29 to 15:29.  What time would you like to depart?
I need to depart by 6:00 please.|TR2478 leaves Cambridge at 05:29 and arrives in Bishop Stortford at 06:07. Will that work for you?
NO! I said 16:45. Arrive by 16:45. Try again.|Could you please clarify the time that you could like to leave?
Departure time is not important as long as I get their by 16:45|TR8017 will arrive in bishops stortford by 16:07, does this suit your needs?
That's perfect, actually. I am going to need 7 tickets. Can you help with that as well?|Yes, I can. Should I make a booking for you?
Please book tickets for 7 people, please.|Okay I was able to book that and your reference number is IV9FL61A.
Thank you. Sorry for the confusion. Have a great day.|You too and thank you.
Could I book a train ticket, please?|Sure, I can help you with that. I will need to know what day and time and also where you will be traveling to by train.
The train should go to stevenage and should leave on friday.
The train should depart from cambridge and should leave after 21:00|It seems there are 2 trains that fit your request. The TR8420 and the TR8575.
Great, I'll take the first one and please book it for 4 people please.|Sure thing! Your reference number for this booking is 9KVSMF6P. Can I help you with anything else today?
Thanks. I need to know about some places to go in town, too.|I would be happy to help with your request. What type of attraction are you looking for? There are theatres, cinemas, swimming pools, and nightclubs just to name a few.
How about multiple sports in the south part of time?|There are no multiple sports locations in the south part of town.
How about one that is in the type of Cinema|Cineworld Cinema is in the south part of town.
Where specifically? Can you give me the postcode?|The address for Cineworld Cinema is Cambridge Leisure Park, Clifton Way. It also has the postcode of cb17dy. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
I would like to go see a movie, but want to compare prices. how much is the Cineworld entrance fee?|The entrance fee is unknown as it depends on each movie.
Okay that is all I need today, thank you.|You are very welcome. Enjoy your stay.
Have a nice day.|Thank you. You as well.
Hello I need a train leaving after 13:00 that is departing from London Liverpool Street please.|There are trains leaving every 2 hours at 39 minutes past the hour from 13:39 until 23:39.  All cost 16.60 pounds and take 88 minutes.  Which do you prefer?
As long as they all go to Cambridge that is perfect.  Looks like I can get a trip on any of the trains.|Train TR5015 leaves at 13:39 on Friday. Will that work?
No, I need to leave on Wednesday. What's available for that day?|Same time on Wednesday. Does that work?
What time will I arrive in Cambridge on that train?|TR2826 will arrive in Cambridge at 15:07. Would you like to book?
No, I need help finding a cinema located in the east|I have one located in the south and one located in the centre. do you have a location preference?
Either is fine. I just need a phone number so I can call one of them. Thanks.|vue cinema is in the centre & the phone number is 08712240240
I'm sorry, but if their is no cinema in the east, can you find me a swimming pool instead?|I located the information for Parkside pools located at gonville place telephone# 01223446100.  Is there anything else you would like for me to look up.
No. You've been very helpful today. Thank you.|You're welcome. Have a lovely day!
What is the phone number for scudamores punting co?|The phone number for Scudamores Punting Co is 01223359750. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Could you tell me their address as well please?|Sure, it's at granta place, Mill lane.
Thanks! I'm also looking for information on the A & B Guesthouse. What can you tell me about that place?|Sure it's a moderately priced 4 star guesthouse in the east.  Would you like me to book it?
May I have the postcode?|Yes, the post code for the A and B Guest House is cb12dp. Is there anything else I can do for you?
I also need a taxi to go between the two places.|Okay, which would you like to leave from?
I would like to leave the hotel by 7:00. Also, can you give me the contact number and car type once you have booked it?|Your taxi is booked. The car is a yellow honda and the contact number is 07826111038
Thank you so much for all of your help today.  I am all set.  Bye.|From all of us at Cambridge, we hope you enjoy your stay! Farewell!
Hi! What can you tell me about the Lensfield Hotel?|Lensfield is an expensive hotel in the south.
Ok great, could you book a room for me? I need it for 2 nights and there are 6 in my party.|Yes. what day will you be arriving?
I would like to book starting Thursday.|Will you be needing a reference number?
Yes, please. I'm ready to write it down.|Booking was successful.
Reference number is : Q1LRYM78. anything else?
Yes, I was also hoping to find a museum to visit while I'm in town.|There is The Byard Art museum and its free admission
I would like to visit something like a museum, no specific part of town.|There are 23 museums in town, would you perhaps be interested in the Broughton House Gallery?
That sounds great. Can I please have the phone number?|Yes, their number is 01223314960. Do you need directions, a taxi, or something else?
Yes I need to find a guesthouse, prefer with a 4 star rating.|There are 18 four star guesthouses listed, what area of town are you interested in?
If you could just pick one, it does not have to have free parking. Maybe close to the Broughton House Gallery.|How about Alexander Bed and Breakfast? It is 4 stars and in the same part of town as the gallery.
That sounds great! Could I get the area and phone number of the Bed and Breakfast?|Ok, it is in the east part of town the post code is cb12dp and the phone number is 01223315702. Anything else I can help you with?
Nope that'll be it. Thanks.|Have a Great Day!
Please I want to book an expensive restaurant. First however help me find a place to go in town. Is there a nice park?|Yes there are 5 parks to visit, would you prefer one in the north, south, east, or in town centre?
It doesn't really matter, just whatever you recommend.|Milton County Park in the north is free and my humble suggestion.
Could I please have the postcode and area to Milton County Park?|The postcode is cb46az and the area is north.
Are there any restaurants that serve Romanian food in the centre of town?|I'm sorry, there are no Romanian restaurants in the centre. Care to try a different cuisine?
What about Indian food?|There are 5 restaurants that serve indian food in the centre. Any specific price range?
Any of the restaurants is fine. But, can I get a postcode and price range for the one you choose please.|The Golden Curry is expensive and delicious. The postcode is cb12az. Would you like me to make a reservation?
No, thank you. But can you book a taxi from the restaurant to the park?|Yes, do you have a time in mind?
I just need to be leaving the restaurant by 06:15.|I have successfully booked you a White Audi. Would you like their contact number?
Yes, I would like their contact number please.|The contact number for the taxi is 07629467335. Would you like help with anything else?
Nope, that's all I need. Thanks a bunch!|You're welcome. Goodbye.
i want a place to stay in Cambridge the is moderate price no wifi|Sure.  Would you like a particular area of town?
An inexpensive area with free parking if possible.|Okay, I recommend the Acorn Guest House. It's located in the north. Would you like me to book a reservation for you?
Sure!  I would like that!|I just need to know for what day, how many nights and how many guests for the reservation.
I need a reservation for 5 people and 5 nights starting Wednesday. Thanks!|Done! Your reference number is PMWGUS04. Can I help you with anything else?
No thanks, that's all I needed.  I appreciate your help!|I'm happy we could be of service. Enjoy your stay in Cambridge!
please fid me a place to go in the centre|Okay! What type of place would you like to visit?
I would like to visit a nightclub in the centre. Can you provide me with entrance fee info and postcode?|Okay, I recommend Club Salsa. It's 5 pounds to get in. The post code is cb12jb.
Perfect, thank you. I'm also looking for information on hotels in the centre that have free wifi. Could you recommend one?|There are 5! What price range would you like? Cheap, moderate, or expensive?
Any will do. Whichever one you recommend.|the fez club is my favourite. it is in 8 market passage. can i give you their phone number?
As long as this is a hotel, it sounds great.  Can you give me the address?|I'm sorry, I misunderstood.  Fez is a nightclub.  Did you want a hotel?
Yes. If you read the conversation above, you'll notice my second request was for a hotel. I'd like one in the same area of the nightclub.|I would suggest the University Arms Hotel. It is in the centre of town in the same area as Club Salsa. Would you like information or to book a room?
I just need their address please.|The address is regent street
Thanks, I also need a taxi to get between the hotel and the club.|Can you tell me what time youd like to leave or arrive by?
I want to leave the club by 02:15.|I have you in a Grey Honday. You can contact them at 07413613083.
That is all I will be needing today. Thanks.|You're welcome, have a great day!
Hi! I need to find a train to Ely. Can you find me one that doesn't leave until at least 17:30?|Yes, what day are you traveling?
I need to leave Cambridge on Tuesday.|We have 4 trains that fit that. Any specifics on arrival or departure times?
No. Please book one of for 6 people and let me know the reference number please.|I have booked you on TR7733,leave at 17:50,arrive 18:07,The reference number is : KN3TLBK8.
Thank you. I am also looking for places to go in town. Are there any architecture sights in the city centre?|Yes, I can recommend up to five different architecture attractions in the Centre area.  How about All Saints Church?
That sounds wonderful. Can you give me their address, phone number and postcode?|Of course - the address is Jesus Lane cb58bs and the phone number is 01223452587
Can you give me another idea -- just to have a choice?|Sure there are several churches in the area.  Holy Trinity church is interesting.  Also, if you are not interested in churches, old schools on Trinity Lane is nice.
I am interested in the old schools on Trinity Lane, can you give me the information of one?|Sure, Old Schools is located on Trinity Lane, their postcode is cb21tt and their phone number is 01223332320. Their entrance fee is free. Can I help you with any other information?
Nope, that's all I needed. You've been quite helpful.|Okay great, have a good day!
I am looking for sidney sussex college.|Sidney sussex college is located in the centre of town their phone number is 01223338800, postcode is cb23hu, and address is sidney street
Thank you. What type of attraction is this?|This is a college type attraction with no entrance fee.  Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Yes I need to book a train on sunday departing from bishops stortford|OK - what time of day are you traveling?
Sunday. It should go to cambridge and leave after 14:15|There are five trains leaving after 14:15 The first one is TR4651, leaving at 15:29. Would you like to book this train?
Yeah that would be great can you please tell me what time it arrives?|TR4651 from Bishops Stortford to Cambridge departs at 15:29 and arrives at 16:07. It is 8.08 pounds, would you like me to book that for you now?
No, no need to book it for me, thank you. That's all I needed today.|You are welcome. Have a nice day!
i need information about colleges in the centre part of town.|There are 13 colleges in this area. Maybe we can narrow your search. Are there certain colleges or is there certain information I can help you with?
I have no preference but can I get a phone number to one of them?|Corpus Christi is my favorite, and well worth the 2-pound admission fee. Their phone number is 01223338000.
I am also looking for a moderately priced restaurant in the same area as Corpus Christi.|There are 21. What kind of cuisine would you like?
I am looking for Asian Oriental.|yippee noodle bar meets that criteria!
Great. Can you please make a reservation for 4? We'd like to arrive around 18:45 on Wednesday.|Ok.  I was able to book that table for you.  Your reference number is V0XV1NRC.
thanks so much for all of your help!|Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
That is all thank you|I am glad we can help. enjoy your stay !
Thank you, that is all I need.|Ok, good bye enjoy your day.
Hello, I am looking for a restaurant called hotel du vin bistro.|I have the Hotel Du Vin and Bistro located at 15 - 19 Trumpington Street. Their phone number is 01223227330. Is there anything else you'd like to know?
Yes, do you happen to know what their price range is?|It is a moderately priced restaurant.
Thank you, I am also looking for colleges in the west area, can you give me more info on those?|sure, there are five in that area.
Okay can you please give me the address and phone number to one that you recommend?|churchill college is in the west. it is free. their address is storey's way and their phone number is 01223336233. is there something else i can help you with?
I'll need a taxi to get to the restaurant from the college|When would you like to depart or arrive by?
I want to leave the college by 17:45.|look out for  blue audi and the contact is  07704105675
Thanks so much for all of your help today.  I won't be needing anything else.  Bye.|Thank you for contacting the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Goodbye
I'm looking for a restaurant recommendation.|I would love to assist. Do you have a price range in mind?
Yes, I am looking for a expensive scottish restaurant.|Sorry there are no records matching your request. Would you like to change your request?
Okay, let's try for an expensive Italian restaurant instead.|I have 5 different ones. 4 are in the centre of town and 1 is in the south. Do you have a preference?
No, I just need a resrvation for 7 people at 17:45 on monday.|Okay. Your booking was successful. Your reference number is 42WW4454. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Thank you. Could you help me find a museum that is in the east?|Yes, you might want to try the gallery at twelve a high street in fulbourn.
Thank you so much. Do you know if there is an admission charge?|Great news, admission is free for that museum. Anything else I can help you with today?
Can you also tell me the phone number and postcode?|Their phone number is 01223295264, and postcode is cb15dh.
Great! Thank you for all your help.|Thank you for allowing me to help you, have a great day.
You too! Thanks.|You are very welcome.
i am looking for information about cineworld cinema.|Cineworld is on the south side of town.  Would you like the address?
Could i get the phone number please?|their phone number is 00872208000. what else can i do for you?
Yes I need to find a place to stay that is in the moderate price range and I don't need any parking.|I have  listings available for you on the south side of town. the Aylesbray Lodge Guest house and the Bridge Guest House. Which would you prefer?
I need a hotel located in the town centre.|Cityroomz meets the criteria you have provided. Would you like a booking?
Yes. Book it for Monday. 5 nights and 6 people.|It has been booked. Your reference number is KJWXHZQV. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
thanks that is all|No thank you that will be all
I am trying to find the Parkside Pools.|Parkside pools is located in the centre of town gonville place. Phone number is 01223446100. Is there anything else i can help you with?
Can you give me the full address of Parkside pools as well as the zip code?|The address of parkside pools is cb11ly and the zip code is gonville place. Can I help you with anything else?
That's all for now. Thanks a bunch!|Great! Have a great day.
I'd like to find a place to go that's in the centre.|I can help you with that what type of Attraction would you like to go too?
Any type is fine, I'm not picky.|I recommend visiting All Saints Church. The architecture is amazing.
Excellent. What's the address there?|It is located on Jesus Lane, you can't miss it.  Can I help you with anything else today?
Yes, I'm going to need transportation to town. I'll need it on Wednesday from Stevenage.|I can help you with that, too. Are you looking for a train or a taxi?
I'm looking for train departing Stevenage and going to Cambridge to arrive by 17:30p.|Train TR9448 will have you in Cambridge by 6:43.  Would you like me to book some tickets for you?
What is the travel time and departure time for TR9448?|TR9448 departs at 05:54 and has a travel time of 49 minutes. Would you like to book this train?
Not right now.  Thank you.|Is there anything else I can help you with?
That's all. Thank you!|Thank you! Let us know if you need anything else.
I'm looking for a train leaving after 19:00 departing from ely.|We have 21 trains coming form ely to cambridge this week, what day will you need that?
I need the train on Thursday.|We have 3 trains from Ely to Cambridge on Thursday leaving at 19:35, 21:35 and 23:35.
I think the 19:35 will work.  Can I book that for 3 people?|Booking was successful, the total fee is 13.2 GBP payable at the station. Your reference number is AUHGVOLR. Will that be all for today?
We were looking to do something in the north, something with the boats. Any suggestions?|riverboat georgina is located in the north.
What's their address and postcode?|Their address is cambridge passenger cruisers, jubilee house, cb43ax. Will that be all?
Yes.  Thanks, all set.|You are welcome!  Enjoy your trip!
Much appreciated. Goodbye.|Thank you so much!
Hi, I am looking for information about the train schedules.  I would appreciate the help.|Absolutely! What information about trains are you looking for?
I want to go to Cambridge from Peterborough on Saturday.|What time do you want to leave and arrive by?
I want to arrive by 09:00, please.|TR5662 will get you to Cambridge at 08:09. Would you like a ticket on that train?
What time would the train be leaving?|It leaves at 7:19
I am also looking for a nightclub in town. Could you give me that phone number and area of one?|Which part of town?
Any section of town is fine with me.|I have six. Would you like more info on one?
Please pick one and give me the phone number and area.|Ballare is a nightclub in the Centre. The phone number is 01223364222.
Great, thanks!  That's all I needed.  Have a good day.|You're welcome!  You have a good day as well!
I am looking for a place to eat in expensive price range that serves Turkish food.|I have the Meze bar restaurant in the centre of town, would that be good?
That sounds great, can you book a table for 3 for me?|Of course, when would you like that reservation?
Yes, for three people at 13:45 on Tuesday. Thanks!|Unfortunately there is no availability at that time. Would you like to try another time?
Let's try 12:45.|I was able to book you, your reference number is 0AK1Q2QD, can I help with anything else?
Yes, I'm also looking for an attraction called the cafe jello gallery, can I get their phone number please?|Cafe Jello Gallery's phone number is 01223312112. Is there anything else we can do for you today?
Can you book me a taxi between those two locations?|I sure can! Which is your departure site (the restaurant or the gallery), and what time would you like the car?
I would like arrive by 12:45|Alright, I was able to book you a car to go from the Cafe Jello Gallery to the Meze Bar Restaurant where you will arrive by 12:45.
Great. Can i have the contact number and car type?|It is a black ford, and the contact number is 07140981001
Fantastic, thank you, that should be all.|you are welcome to use our services any time
Hello! I'm traveling to Cambridge soon and would love to visit a concerthall in the centre of town. Can you help?|The man on the moon is a concerthall in the centre of town. Would you like the address?
Yes, and could you give me the phone number too?|Oh of course! Their number is 01223474144.
And the address is? And while we're talking about location, are there any 3-star hotels close to it?|The man on the moon's address is 2 norfolk street, postcode cb12lf. There is one hotel in that area with 3 stars, the Gonville Hotel. Would you like a reservation?
Do they have free wifi?  If yes, please book for 2 people for 1 night.  Thank you for your help.|They do have free wifi! For which day would you like the reservation?
I actually don't need a reservation just yet, but could I have the postcode and phone number for the Gonville? And is that a hotel or a guesthouse?|The Gonville is indeed a hotel. Their postcode is cb11ly. You can reach them by phone at 01223366611.
Thanks, I also need a taxi to go the hotel. I want to leave the Man on the moon at 16:15. Can you get me the contact number and car type?|I was able to book that taxi for you. Be looking for a grey Skoda. If you need to reach them, please call 07709163859. Anything else I can help with?
No that is it thank you! That was all the info I needed! Thank you and have a good day.|I'm happy to help. Have a lovely day.
I'm looking for a train that departs from Ely anytime after 20:15.|I have many. Which day would you be traveling on?
I will be traveling on Friday.|Where will you be going, Cambridge?
Yes I will be going to Cambridge.|TR0292 will leave at 21:35 would that work for you?
Yes I need the price.  Also, I am traveling in the east, can you recommend a good place to go?|4.40 pounds payable at the station. The funky fun house is a great place for entertainment. I can't quote the price on that though sorry.
Thats okay. Can i just have their address and postcode?|Yes, it is 8 mercers row, mercers row industrial estate and the postal code is cb58hy
Can you tell me the entrance fee please?|Unfortunately the entrance fee is not listed. Can I help you find anything else?
No thanks. I think that answered all my questions. Have a nice day. Bye.|Thanks for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre and have a great day!
Hi, I am looking for information on places to go in town.  Can you suggest some things?|Sure, I can help you with that.  Is there a specific kind of attraction or part of town you were interested in going to?
I would like to visit a college in the centre of town please.|There are several colleges in the centre of town, I recommend corpus christi it does cost 2 pounds to visit but it is beautiful.
What is the address for that?|Corpus Christi College is located at King's Parade, postcode is cb21rh. Anything else I can do for you today?
Yes, I am looking for a restaurant someone recommended. It's called la raza? Do you have any information on that?|It is located in the centre of town,serves spanish food and is on the cheap price range.
Do you have the postcode for that?|The postcode for la raza is cb2311. May I help you with anything else today?
That's all I need for now thanks for your help.|Thank you for contacting us today. Have a nice day.
I need a restaurant in the centre that serves British food.|I have about 7 different ones available. Are you looking for a certain price range?
Yes, cheap. I am not looking for anything expensive.|I'm so sorry, but they all fall into the moderate or expensive price ranges. Would you be interested in any of those?
Yes, I would be. Can you list out several of them for me so I can pick?|restaurant one seven is located at De Vere University Arms Regent Street City Centre and is moderately priced, the oak bistro is at 6 Lensfield Road and is also moderately priced
I apologize, disregard what was said before, I will actually just need the expensive british ones, in the centre area|fitzbillies restaurant, the cambridge chop house, and midsummer house restaurant. do any of those interest you?
Fitzbillies will be fine. Can I get the contact information, please?|Phone, 01223352500. Anything else?
I also need the postcode and address please.|The address is 51 Trumpington Street City Centre. The postcode is cb21rg.
thank you that will be all good bye|Okay. Glad I could be of help.
I need a trip going to Cambridge and arrive by 11:00|Where are you leaving from?
I am leaving from Norwich|We have many trains that meet that criteria. Can you tell me what day you are looking to travel on?
Of course, I will be traveling on Tuesday.|There are five entries meeting your specifications! They leave every hour starting at 05:16 to 09:16. Which would you like?
Please pick one and book it for 8 people.|8 tickets are booked for TR4134 Norwich to Cambridge. Departing 9:16 arriving 10:35. Total fee is 140.8 GB payable at the station. Reference #X1F43YH3. Anything else?
I am also looking for any colleges in town. Can you name me any?|We have 18 colleges in town. Did you have an area or entrance fee in mind?
Nah, not really. Can you just give me the postcode for your favorite one?|Christ's College is widely praised. Their postcode is cb23bu. Can I help with anything else today?
thats all i need thanks|The pleasure was all mine, have a great day!
I am planning a trip in Cambridge.|Please provide more specifics so I can help you.
Can I get some information on milton country park?|Yes, it's free admission and address is milton country park, milton and post code is cb46az.
Can you tell me what area Milton Country Park is in and what the entrance fee is?|It's in the north and has free entry. Will that be all?
I also need a train for Saturday, traveling from Cambridge to Norwich and I'd like to arrive by 12:15.  Can you help with that?|There are 6 trains matching your request that leave starting at 05:36 each hour until 10:36. Do you have a preference as to the train you want?
No. Just one that can fit 5 people.|Okay how about the TR9588. It leaves at 10:36 and arrives by 11:55.
Sounds great. Please book and provide me with a reference number.|Here is your refrence number XXSU6ZFV. The price is 70.40pounds
Thank you so much. That's all I need today. Good-bye.|Thank you for using our service!
I need to book a train to leicester that leaves after 08:15.|I have a lot of options that leave after that time. Where are you departing from?
I'm leaving from Cambridge on Wednesday.|What time would you like to arrive by?
I would like to arrive by 10:00.|The earliest I can get you there is 11:06. That train leaves at 09:21. Would you like me to book you a seat?
Yes, please book and send me a reference number.|I am sorry that train is booked. Is there another time you can depart?
So when is the next earliest you could get me there?|Shall we try the Train that leaves at 7:21? This train will get you into Leicester by 9:06.
Yes please and I will need the reference number.|That booking was successful.  You will depart from cambridge on TR3093 at 7:21 and arrive in leicester at 9:06.  Your reference number is UCSPFCVI.  anything else?
Yes can you find me a good college to visit in the west?|I am looking at 5 different options for colleges in the west, is there anything else you can tell me about what you are looking for?
If you can recommend 1 of the 5 and provide me with the address and phone number please.|I recommend queens' college, located at silver street. Their phone is 01223335511.
How much does it cost to get into Queens' College?|The entrance fee is 2.50 pounds. Is there anything else I can help with?
Could you also get me the address and phone number?|Queens' college is on silver street. Phone is: 01223335511
Great, thank you!|Is there anything else I can help you with?
Let me just check my notes...No! I think I have everything I need. Thank you so much for your help!|Thank you for calling!
I am wanting to find a place to stay that has free wifi. The place should have 0 stars.|Yes I have only two options in the cheap price range with a 0 star rating. Both are located in the city center. Would you be interested in either?
Is there one with free wifi and free parking?|El Shaddai on Warkworth Street has both.  Can I book it for you?
I just need the phone number, postcode, and address, please.|Their number is 01223327978. Their postcode is cb11eg. Their address is 41 warkworth street.
Thanks! Are there any swimming pools located in the south of town?|Sorry, it looks like there are no swimming pools in the south. Would you like to try a different area?
What types of nightclubs are there in that area?|The place is a nightclub in the south. Would you like more information?
Yes, may I have their postcode please?|Their postcode is cb23hg
Thank you. Can you schedule a taxi pickup from El Shaddai to the nightclub. I want to leave the room by 12:30.|You're booked for a red Tesla at 12:30, going from El Shaddai to The Place. Their contact number, should you need it, is 07625686038. Can I help with anything else today?
No thank you that is all I needed today.|I'm glad I could help.
I'm just needing a place to stay.|Do you have a price range in mind?
I don't want anything too cheap or anything that will break the bank, just somewhere moderately priced.|Okay. What part of town will you be visiting?
The west part I need the address and phone number and zip.|It is called Hobsons house, it is on 96 Barton road. their number is 	01223304906, cb39lh is their postcode.
Does that have free wifi and parking? If so, I'd like a reservation.|Yes, it does have parking and internet. What day would you like to begin your stay, how many days in total, and how many people please?
I want to book it for 7 people and 4 nights starting from sunday.|The booking for 7 people at the Hobson House arriving on Sunday for 5 days 4 nights was successful. Your Reference number is : FFJYSLN4. Can I assist you any further?
No thank you.|All right then, thanks for using our services and I hope you have a wonderful visit in Cambridge. Goodbye!
I'm looking for a museum to visit.|I have 23 to choose from. Do you have a preference on location to help narrow the search?
23? I had no idea! I was looking for postcodes, areas and addresses.|Well, museum of archaelogy and anthropology is located at university of cambridge, downing street, cb23dz, centre. Would you like another musuem?
No, that sounds great! I also need to travel by train from Cambridge to Peterborough.|To clarify, you need to leave cambridge by train to peterborough?  I can help you with that. What day and time?
I need to leave on Friday sometime after 18:00.|I have a few options, the earliest leaves at Cambridge at 18:06 and arrives in Peterborough at 18:56. Tickets are available, would you like to book?
No, that's ok. I just wanted to know the arrival time. Thanks.|thank you and enjoy your stay!
I am looking for a gastropub in the south.|I'm sorry I couldn't find any Gastropubs in the South. Is there another type or area which you would like to try?
Are there any Gastropubs in town?|As a matter of fact, it appears all of the gastropubs in Cambridge have closed. Is there anything else that interests you?
How about a modern European cuisine in the south area?|There is a restaurant called restaurant alimentum that meets your criteria.
Let's book that for 12:45 on Tuesday. It will be for 7 people.|I am sorry but that time is not available. Would you like to try another time or day perhaps?
Could you try 11:45 please?|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : 8HB62Z6W. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, I'd like to see some entertainment near the restaurant. Could you recommend me something good?|How about Tenpin in the south?
Is it located near Alimentum? I'm looking for something in the same area as the restaurant.|Yes, it is. Nusha is in the South as well.
That will do. Please get me their address.|The address is cambridge leisure park, clifton way. Can I do anything else for you?
Yes, I would like to book a taxi from the restaurant to the entertainment.|Sure. What time would you like to leave the restaurant?
It doesn't matter, I just need to get there.|It's all booked, you're looking for a black volkswagen and their contact number is 07263669645.
Great, thank you so much for your help! That's everything I'll need today!|Thank you for contacting Cambridge TownInfo centre. Goodbye!
Splendid!  Thank you for all your help.  That's all I need.  Goodbye.|Have a great day!
I am looking for information in Cambridge|Sure. What would you like to know ?
I need a train going from Cambridge to Kings Lynn on Sunday.|I would be happy to help. Those trains leave every hour, starting at 05:11.  How early do you want to depart?
anything after 13:00 please|I have the TR8241 leaving at 13:11. Will that work?
That's perfect please make a booking for 5 and then let me have the reference number. Also can you help me find an architecture attraction?|Booking was successful, the total fee is 39.2 GBP payable at the station .
Reference number is : 20RFDCGC.
Can you help me find an architecture attraction to visit?|Yes, I can help with that. There are 5 attractions in the center of Cambridge, 4 are churches and the other is an old school. 4 are free and 1 costs 2 pounds. Do you have any preferences or would you simply like a random recommendation?
Just give me a recommendation please.|all saints church is very nice can I give you information on that one?
Yes please, what area of town is it in?|It is in the centre and it's free.
Sounds great.  That is all I needed.  Bye.|Okay perfect. Have a great day, goodbye.
I am looking for a local restaurant in the south that offers modern European cuisine|I found one for you called restaurant alimentum. Would you like me to book it for you?
Yes!|What day would you like to book your reservation?
Two people at 11:15 for 2 people.|For which day shall I book the table?
Tuesday, please.|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : IMSY2GMJ. Is there anything else I can do for you today?
No, thank you|Have a great day!
I'm looking for places to go in town. Can you search in the area of south?|We have several great options. The Byard Art museum is popular and has free admission.
That sounds lovely. What's their phone number?|Oh they really are lovely. And the number is 	01223464646.
Thank you. I am also looking for an expensive Italian restaurant.|Sure, there are 5 expensive Italian restaurants for you to choose from. Is that a specific area you would like the restaurant to be in?
I'd like one near the museum in the south.|We only have one listing for an Italian restaurant in the south.  It's located at Cambridge Leisure Park Clifton Way Cherry Hinton.  Does this interest you?
Yes.  I need a table for 8 at 11:00 on Tuesday.|I was able to book the table for eight on Tuesday 11:00.  The reference number is  R8O6B9DF.  The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Thank you, can I also get a taxi between the two places?|Absolutely! When would you like to arrive at or leave by?
I'd like to get to the restaurant by my reservation time.|I was able to book a black honda contact number is 07790378961
Thank you so much. You took care of everything. Thanks. Bye.|Thank you for using our service. Have a great day! Goodbye.
I'm interested in find a place to see in the centre of the town.|We have lots to see!  Anything specific you had in mind?
Not really. What's the address and phone number for your favorite attraction?|I recommend castle galleries located at unit su43, grande arcade, saint andrews street. Their phone number is 01223307402. Is there anything else?
i also need a train that departs from london liverpool street|What day and time would you like to depart?
I'd like to leave on saturday after 17:15.|You can depart from London Liverpool street to Cambridge on Saturday at 17:39 for 13.28 pounds.  The trip will take 88 minutes. Did you have any further questions?
Yes, could I have that train ID please?|Certainly. The train id is TR8530. Would you like to book at ticket?
No thank you. I have everything I need for now.|is there anything further I can help you with?
No that is all I needed. Thank you.|thank you and enjoy your stay in cambridge!
I'm wondering if there are any boat attractions in town?|There are 4 boat attractions in town.  What part of town would you prefer?
It doesn't matter what area, I just need a phone number and postcode for one please.|I would recommend the riverboat georgina. The phone number is 01223902091 and the postcode is cb43ax. Do you need anything else?
Yes, I'm also looking for a train for Tuesday.|What are your departure and arrival stations, and what time of day would you like to travel?
I would like to leave by 17:00|Do you need to arrive by a certain time?
No as long as it leaves any time after 13:00 for 6 please and I need the reference number|I have a number of trains available, what is your place of departure and your destination, please?
I am leaving from Ely and departing at 5.|Could you please retstate when you would like to leave and arrive by?
I'm so sorry. I need to leave Cambridge after 13:00 on Tuesday and I'm going to Ely. I need 6 tickets.|I booked you for 6 tickets on the 15:50 train that arrives in Ely at 16:07. your reference number for the journey is 3QK3PKJT.
Thank you for all your help!|I am glad I could help. Have a good day and a fun trip!
Thank you. Bye.|Thank you for contacting Cambridge TownInfo Centre.  Have a great day!
I'm looking for places to go in the west of town.|What type of place are you looking for?
Anything is fine, just be sure and let me know if there is an entrance fee.|Queens' college is great. The entrance fee is 2.50 pounds. Anything else I can help you with?
Yes. I need a train to stevenage on thursday.|Where are you heading out of? And what time are we looking at?
I am departing cambridge leaving after 17:15|How does the 17:21 departure on the TR4765 sound?
That's great I need to make a booking for 6 people|Sure! I have placed a booking for 6 people on the train departing Cambridge to Stevenage at 17:21. The total cost of travel is 78.8 pounds. Your confirmation number is 3UASOJDN.
Perfect! Thank you!|Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
No, that will be all, you have been very helpful. Thank you.|You're welcome. Good-bye.
Are there any places to stay in the centre of town?|We have 5 places to pick from in the centre of town, any other preferences?
It should be a guesthouse, have 0 stars and include free parking.|I have the el shaddai located at 41 warkworth street. Would you like to make reservations?
As long as it is a guesthouse in town centre, and has free parking with 0 stars. I'd like to book for 3 nights starting Wednesday.|El Shaddi meets all your criteria, how many people will I be making a booking for?
I would like that for 4 people for 3 nights starting on wednesday please.|Great your stay is reserved!  Reference CC8X41QU.  Is there anything else I can help with?
I am also looking for places to go in the same area.|There are many places to go in the centre. What type of activity would you like? Are you interested in activities that are free or cost money?
Mutliple sports would be nice.|I don't have any multiple sports attractions in the centre, but I have one in the East. Would you like to hear about it?
nah, i just realized i hate sports. a lot. how about nightclubs?|You are in luck, we have 6 nightclubs. I'd recommend Club Salsa.
Can I have the address, postcode, and entrance fee|Sure, Club Salsa is located at 1 Station Road, CB12JB, and there is a 5 pound entrance fee.
Great, thanks so much, that's all I need! Have a great day!|Thank you for using our service!
Would you be able to tell me where to find a moderately priced, Halal restaurant?|Unfortunately, we do not have any restaurants in town that offer halal food. Is there another type of cuisine you would be interested in?
How about British food?|We do have five moderately priced British restaurants, such as the Oak Bistro in the city center. Does location matter?
i don't care about the location. which one would you recommend?|Restaurant one seven is a good place. Would you like me to book a table?
yes please book me a table thank you|What day and time would you like to book and for how many people?
I need a table for 1 on tuesday at 14:45.|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Reference number is : H17X6OU3. anything else?
Are there any good architecture places in the west?|I am sorry there are no architecture attractions in the west. Would you like to try a different area or type of attraction?
How about a museum?|I recommend the Lynn Strover Gallery, it has free admission. Would you like more information?
I'd like the phone number and address, please.|Phone number is 01223295264.  And the address is 23 high street, fen ditton.  Is there anything else I can help you with today?
no thanks|I hope I've been helpful. Thank you for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Have a great day
I need a train to birmingham new street that leaves after 9:00.|Sure what is the departure site?
I will be leaving from Cambridge.|The TR3732 leaves at 09:01 and arrives at 11:44, would that work?
Yes, that would work just fine. Can I get 1 ticket please?|Booking was successful, the total fee is 75.09 GBP payable at the station. The reference is SU39QA9K.
Awesome. I'm looking for a concert hall in the south too.|Unfortunately, I do not happen to have any concerthalls in the south. Would you like to try another area or different type of attraction?
How about a park?|There is Wandlebury Country Park in the south.
That sounds lovely. What is the postcode and entrance fee?|The postal code is cb223ae.  And great news!  There is no entrance fee.  Can I help you with anything else today?
That was all I needed. Thank you!|You are very welcome. Have a wonderful trip!
Yes, I'm visiting Cambridge and want to know about Cambridge Artworks in town?|It is a museum in the eas part of town on 5 greens road, is there more you would like to know?
Can I please have the phone number?|Certainly.  The phone number is 01223902168.
I need a 4-star place to stay in the north part of town.|Do you have a preference for parking/wifi/price range?
No, I don't really have a reference for any of those, I don't even need internet.|The Acorn Guest House, on 154 chesterton road is available, shall I book it for you?
Does it have free wifi?|Yes it does.  Would you like me to book it for you?
Yes, book it for 4 people and 5 nights starting wednesday.|I'm sorry but the booking was unsuccessful. Would you like to try for another day or, perhaps, a shorter stay?
How about 4 nights?|That is available. Reference number is : O0JPM8F0.
I'm interested in any info about places to go in the west side of Cambridge|Do you have any preferences in terms of the attraction types?
No preference. If you could recommend one. Could you provide me the address and phone number of the one you choose?|Would you be interested in visiting a college?
That sounds great! I am also looking for a place to stay. The hotel should be in the same area as the colege and of moderate price.|I would recommend Churchill College in the west, they have no entrance fee. Do you require free parking or internet for your hotel?
No, just a moderate hotel in the same area as the college.  Free wifi is nice though.|Yes I have a guesthouse in the west that is moderately priced and has free wifi.
If there are no hotels I'll stay at the guesthouse. Can you give me their address and phone number?|Hobsons House is located at 96 Barton Road in postcode cb39lh. Their phone is 01223304906. Can I help you with anything else today?
I'd like to book for 1 person, 4 nights, starting from tuesday please.|Booking was successful. Reference number is : I4X74FH7. is there something else i can help you with?
No, you have been helpful.  Thanks so much.  Bye.|Thank you for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Goodbye.
I'm looking to find lodging in a hotel in the expensive price range|OK, I have five in several areas of town.
I need it to be a 3 star as well.|That brings us to two fine choices, the Gonville and the Lensfield. Both are rated 3 stars. The Gonville is in the centre, while the Lensfield is in the south.
Thank you. Can you book the Lensfield for 7 people and 5 nights beginning on Wednesday?|I have those reference number X83Q82E5.
You have it booked then?|Yes it is booked. May I help you with anything else today?
Also looking for information on Saint Johns College.|Saint John's College is located in the city centre.  It's phone number is: 
01223338600.  The address is Saint John's Street.  It has an entrance fee of 2.5 pounds.
Thank you very much!|Thank you for calling. Enjoy your stay.
I also need to book at a taxi to commute between the two places.|When would you like the taxi to arrive at your destination?
it should be there by 11;45.|Okay, the book has been completed!  The car will be a yellow toyota and the number is 07626630212.  Is there anything else I can do for you?
No that's all I needed. Thank you for your help. Have a great day.|You as well!
I need a hotel in the west part of cambridge. I don't care if it has internet.|We have 4 matches, do you have a price range in mind?
Yes expensive please. Just book me a room and send me the reference number.|There is the Huntingdon Marriott hotel would you like me to book it for you?
No.  Actually sorry.  It should be a cheap hotel in the west.|That is no problem, the cambridge belfry is a better price and should meet your needs, would you like more information?
Do they have free parking?|Yes, the bell fry has free parking. Would you like me to book a room for you?
No, just the phone number and address. I am also looking for places to go in the same area as the hotel.|The phone number is 01954714600, address 01954714600. What type of attraction would you like to go to?
I have no preference, just something in the same area as the hotel.|i suggest the queens' college. can i give you the address?
Yes please thank you|The address for Queens' College is Silver Street. Can I help you with anything else today?
I need the postcode as well.|Their postcode is cb39et. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Nope.  That was all I needed.  Thank you.|Thank you for choosing Cambridge TownInfo Centre to assist you. Have a good day!
Hello, I'm looking for a hotel named cityroomz. Can you provide me information about it please?|Yes. It's a 0 star hotel that's located at sleeperz hotel, station road in the centre of town. Would you like their phone number as well?
No thanks, but can you book me for 3 people and 5 nights starting on saturday?  I'll also need the reference number.|I booked it for you. The reference is L30FIVE7. Do you need anything else?
Im looking for a place to go in the centre area with multiple sports.|I am sorry but there are no multiple sports in the centre area. Do you want me to try a different area or a different attraction?
How about let's try a nightclub?|Yes I found 5 nightclubs.  Would like to try the Ballare located at Heidelberg Gardens, Lion yard?
I think that would work. Can you tell me their entrance fee and postcode please?|Yeah, the entrance fee is 5 pounds, and the postcode is cb23na.
Can you book me a taxi between the two locations please?|When would you like to be picked up?
at 17:00 hours please|Okay. You'll be expecting a blue Ford. Their number is 07043795737. Anything else?
Was that taxi booking for leaving by 18:45?|It was at 17:00, quite a bit before 18:45.  Would you prefer a later booking?
I just need to arrive at my attraction by 18:45.  Can I get the car type and contact number please?|It's a blue ford and the contact number is 07043795737.
Thanks for your help!|Thank you for using the help desk! Good bye!
I'm looking for a train to stevenage that leaves after 11:45|The first train to Stevenage leaves at 13:21 on either Wednesday or Friday.  Which day will you be leaving?
I need to leave on Sunday from Cambridge.|On Sunday TR0523 leaves at 13:21, would that work for you?
Yes, I think that will be just fine. Can you please tell me how much it will cost?|It is 10.24 pounds per ticket. Can I book that for you?
Yes, that will be fine. I am also looking for museums in the centre.|I have 11 different choices. Might I suggest the Primavera. They just added many new exhibits.
Sounds great, what's the post code?|The Primavera's postcode is cb21sj. Is there anything else you need help with?
No that is all I need.|Okay. Glad I could help.
Hello.  I'm looking for a place to go in the centre of town.|There are loads of attractions in the centre of town. Do you have a specific type in mind?
No, just architecture. I would also like the phone number and postcode please.|May I suggest all saints church? the post code is cb58bs.
That sounds great! Can you give me the phone number as well?|The phone number for all saints church is 01223452587.
Thanks, that's all I needed today. Goodbye!|Enjoy your visit to Cambridge, and have a great day!
I need a train into Cambridge that will arrive by 14:30.|I can help you with that.  Can you tell me what your departure location will be?
Yes, I'll be leaving Leicester on Tuesday.|I have a train that arrives at 13:54. How many seats would you like?
I'd like 3 if possible and also need the reference number.|I was able to book you those 3 seats and your reference number is J3B2D19H.
Thanks! What can you tell me about the parks in town?|We have five fantastic parks located in the centre, east, north, and south. I suggest Milton Country Park. It has free entrance. Would you like more information?
What is the address and phone number?|The address is milton country park, milton and the phone number is 01223420060. Do you need anything else?
Yes what is the entrance fee?|The entrance is free to Milton Country Park!
Wonderful thank you so much for your help!|Can I help you with anything else today.
I think that is all for today. Thank you.|Thank you for using our system!
I am interested in staying at the A and B Guest House, could you help me book my stay?|I can! I would just need the day you be checking in, the length of your stay and the amount of people you are checking in with.
Oh yes, sorry. I would like to check in on Wednesday for 4 nights and there will be 7 of us.|I have booked a and b guest house for 4 days for 7 people Reference number is GDH3Z9CI.
Great and I'd like to find some entertainment.|I have 5 results for entertainment. Do you have a particular area of town you're looking for entertainment in?
Oh, I don't mind where it is, but I'm thinking I'd like to visit something with boats.|I have four attractions involving boats, would you tell me if East, North or centre would be most convenient?
Any one will do. I would just need to know how much it costs and the address and phone number for it.|The entrance fees for the boat attractions are not available, would you like any more info?
Well, the phone numbers and addresses of these boat attractions would be helpful.|Of course.  Camboats, on the east side, are located at the Plough, Green End, Fen Ditton.  You can call them at 01223902112.
I also need the entrance fee.|I'm sorry but I have no information on the entrance fee listed.
Okay I will give them a call.|Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
That is all thank you.|You're welcome. I'm here if you have additional questions.
Thanks again.  Good bye.|Have a good day!
I'm looking for a train that leaves Cambridge on Wednesday please.|Where are you traveling to, and at what time will you be traveling?
I'm travelling to London Liverpool Street and I'll be departing after 17:00.|TR4757 leaves at 17:59.  Can I book seats for you?
Can you please tell me the arrival time on that train?|TR4757 arrives by 19:27. Was there any other information you needed?
i'm also interested in a particular attraction.|What is the name of the attraction?
The Cambridge Museum of Technology, do you know of it?|Yes that is located at the old pumping station cheddars lane and has a entrance fee of 5 pounds.
What area is it in?|This museum is located in the east part of town.  Can I help you further?
Can I get the phone number and post code for the museum?|Absolutely! The post code is cb58ld and the phone number is 01223368650.
Thanks for your help!|Thank you for using our service today!
I want to visit a college in the centre of town.|You're in luck. We have 13. Do you have any preferences? For example, Downing College over on Regent Street offers free entry.
That would be great, can you please give me their phone number?|Their number is 01223334860. Anything else I can do for you?
No, that will be all. Thank you.|Thank you, enjoy the college, goodbye.
I need to book a place to stay with a star of 4. I don't need free parking.|We have over 20 fine hotels. Do you have any preferences of cost or location?
I don't care about location, just would like a moderate price with 4 stars please.|We have 11 in the moderate range. They are all a guesthouse accommodation. Would you like one of these?
I need one with free wi-fi.|I have two: a and b guesthouse in the east and avalon in the north. Would one of these work for you?
Can i book one on tuesday?|How long do you want to stay?
I would also need to book it for 4 nights.|before I look for that, could you let me know how many people are staying and what day you'd like to arrive?
One person, and I'd like to arrive on Tuesday.|OK, let me see what I can do.
After that I'm also going to need the reference number.|I have you booked. The reference number is WPGQ4ADJ.
OK, now can you tell me about some of the attractions in the center of town?|We have 44 attractions in the centre of town Broughton House Gallery is a museum we have available.
Can you please provide me with the address, telephone number and the cost of admission.|How about All Saint's Church at 01223452587 in the centre? It's free.
I now need a taxi to get to the church from the hotel. I would like to leave the hotel by 15:45. Can you book that for me?|I have your taxi booked.  Look for a blue volkswagen, contact number 07655267463.  Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, that is all.  Thanks so much.  Bye.|Thank you. Enjoy your stay
I need to book a train from peterborough that leaves on wednesday.|The first train departs at 05:19. What time will you be leaving?
I'm flexible, but I need it to arrive by 13:15.|The TR1412 arrives in cambridge at 12:38.  Would you like a ticket?
Yes, please book a ticket.|How many passengers?
No let's not book that. I want to hear about the attraction with architecture.|I find no attraction type that you requested. Can I help you with something else?
Are you sure there are no attractions for architecture?|No, I'm sorry, I am not finding anything with architecture.  Perhaps another type of attraction would interest you?
Sorry but you could you tell me the travel time on that train?|The travel time is 50 minutes.
Can I get the ID and the departure time also?|The train ID is TR1412 and departure time is 11.48 on Wednesday. Any thing else I can help you with?
I would also like to visit a place with architecture in town.|I'm sorry we do not have any architecture attractions. Is there something else that would interest you?
Are you sure there isn't any type of architecture attraction at all?|I apologize, there are actually 5. All are in the centre. I recommend old schools
That sounds good. What is the entrance fee and postcode for old schools?|The address is trinity lane, postcode cb21tt, and number is 01223332320. Is there anything else I can help with?
That is all I need. Thank you for your help.|Have a great trip. If you need anything else just let us know. Goodbye.
I would like to find a place to go in the centre of town, that includes multiple sports|Unfortunately, I am not finding anything that meets your criteria.
Are there museums instead?|There are 11 museums in the centre of town. How about Castle Galleries in unit su43, grande arcade, saint andrews street?
That would be perfect. Thanks for all your help. Have a good night.|Is there anything else you need help with?
No, that's all.|Okay, then, enjoy your day.
I'm looking for information about a particular attraction. It's called the Man on the Moon.|The man on the moon is on 2 norfolk street in the centre area.  Would you like to order tickets?
Not right now. Can you tell me it's postcode and entrance fee?|I'm sorry, we don't have any information in our database regarding their entrance fee, but their postcode is cb12lf. Can I help you with anything else?
No, that's all. Thanks.|Thank you, goodbye.
Hi! Could you please help me find a good hotel? I'd like it to be on the north end of town.|I have about 13 options that meet what you need. Is there a price range you prefer?
It would need to be moderately priced please.|I have 11 places that fit that description, do you care about how many stars?
I would like for it to be 3 stars, please.|Okay, how about the alpha-milton guest house?
Can you book that for 5 people for 2 nights starting on wednesday?|I have successfully booked your hotel. The reference number is AVVXFL9M. Can I help you with anything else?
Can you also find the address for Club Salsa?|63 milton road is the address
I actually need the postcode and phone number for Club Salsa.|The postcode is cb12jb and the phone number is 07782218745.
Thanks. Can you book me a taxi to go from the hotel to the club? I want to leave by 5:45.|I booked a red volkswagen Contact number	:	07746032709
 Is there anything else that I can do for you?
Nope, that'll do it!  Thank you for all your help!|Okay anytime. Enjoy your visit.
Yes I was wondering if you could tell me about the boat attractions that are available in town?|Sure, there are many boating attractions. What specific part of town were you looking for?
I'm open to any part of town, just makes sure you let me know which one it is.|I recommend The Cambridge Punter in the center of town.
Can I get the area that it is in?|The Cambridge Punter is in the Centre area.  Is there any other information you need?
I also need a train, please, for Monday after 20:15.|There are many trains departing Monday at 20:15.  Where is your destination?
I would be going to Leicester and would like to take the first train after 20:15 please.|There is a train that leaves at 20:21 departing from Cambridge. Would you like me to book that for you?
Can you tell me what the train ID is for the train that arrives at 20:21?|There are no trains that arrive at 20:21. Did you mean the train that leaves at 20:21?
I need a Monday train, leaving after 20:15. From Cambridge to Leicester.|TR9424 will leave at 20:21, would that work for you?
Yes. Thank you. That's all I need.|Would you like me to book that for you? If so, how many tickets will you need?
That won't be necessary. Thanks.|Is there anything else I can assist you with?
No, that'll be all for now. You were a great help. Have a nice day! Bye.|Have a good one!
I am visiting Cambridge soon and am looking for someplace to go to while there, can you look up attractions for me?|One of the best things about cambridge is all of our attractions! Did you have an area in mind or an attraction type so I can narrow my search?
I'm looking to have a little fun at a nightclub.|The entrance fee of The Fez Club is free.
Fez Club is good need postcode and phone number for it,also I want to go to expensive Chinese restaurant.|The fez club is located in the center 8 market passage cb23hx, phone number 01223519224. Now, I am searching for the expensive Chinese restaurant.
It doesn't matter what area it's in and I'll be needing a table for monday.|I have about 17 different chinese restaurants. To narrow it down, do you have a preferred price range?
Yes, expensive please.|Okay. I have 9 restaurants in the expensive range. Do you have a particular area you would like to be? Hakka is in the north and is very popular.
That would be perfect can I get a reservation for 12:30 on Monday for 3 people?|I am unable to make a reservation. Would you like to try a different time or date?
How about 11:30?|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : FSXM0KAQ.
Thanks! I would also like a taxi between the two places.|I was able to book that taxi for you. Be looking for a yellow Honda. If you need to reach them, please call 07598905692. Anything else I can help with?
no, thank you very much|You're very welcome. Have a great day.
i am looking for places to go in town. The attraction should be in the centre and should be in the type of theatre.|How about the Mumford Theatre located at Anglia Ruskin Enterprise, East Road, postcode cb11pt?  I love that one.
That sounds perfect. How much is the entrance fee?|I do not know the entrance fee. You can call 08451962320 for more information.
Can you also find finches bed and breakfast?|Yes I can.  You will find it on the west side of town, at 144 thornton road.  Can I book you or assist with anything else?
No, that will be all. Thank you!|Are you sure you do not want me to book you a room?
I'm looking for a multiple sports attraction in the centre of town|I'm afraid that we don't have that type of attraction in the centre of town. Perhaps somewhere else? or a different type of attraction?
Sure, is there a nightclub in that part of town?|I am sorry, but I did not find a nightclub in the center of the town. If you like I can search in the west, where there are a lot nightclubs.
Would you mind double checking. I thought I visited a nightclub in the centre of town before.|Oh, my. I do apologize. I was wrong. There are 5 different nightclubs available. The Ballare, Club Salsa, Kambar, the Soul Tree and The Fez Club.
Could you tell me the entrance fee and phone number for Club Salsa?|Entry is 5 pounds, and the number is 07782218745.
Thank you for answering all my questions. That's all I need.|Of course, let me know if you need anything else.
I would like to visit a cinema of the west side.|I am sorry but I do not have any cinema's on the west side of town, can I check a diffrent location or help find something else for you?
How about a museum then?|I have 7 museums in the west of the city, 6 are free entry and one is 3.50. Do you have a preference for a museum or a gallery?
I would prefer a museum. One with free entry if possible.|The Museum of Classical Archaeology is lovely, and they have no entrance fee. Would that fit your needs?
That is fine. Book me a ticket and get me a reference number.|We don't have the ability to book tickets for the museum from here, but if you'd like to contact them, their phone number is 01223335153. Can I help with anything else?
That's all, thank you.|You're welcome. Thank you for using Cambridge TownInfo Centre. Goodbye.
Do you have information about nightclubs?|I have details for several nightclubs, which area were you looking at?
I am looking for any one you'd recommend, I just need the address, entrance fee, and postcode.|Alright. How about Kambar. It is located at 1 Wheeler Street and the postcode is cb23qb. The entrance fee is 5 pounds. Is that all you need help with today?
That's all I needed. Thank you!|No problem.  Happy to help!
Hello, I'm sight seeing in Cambridge and I'm looking for somewhere to eat on the westside.|There are 14 restaurants on the west side. Are you looking for a restaurant with a particular cuisine?
Any cuisine is fine, but I would like it to be in the moderate price range.|Ok, how about Meghna? It is a moderately priced Indian restaurant in the west side.
Please book a table for 2 at 19:15 on Saturday with a reference number and l need a theatre in the same area as the restaurant.|Okay done I have booked you a table for two and your reservation number is 6X0OV3JV. I have many theaters in the same area. What about Cambridge Arts?
That sounds great.  Can I get the phone number?|The phone number for the Cambridge Arts Theatre is 01223503333. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
What is the entrance fee to the Cambridge Arts Theatre?|I apologize but the entrance fee for the Cambridge Arts Theatre is unlisted. Would you like their phone number instead?
That's okay, can I get a taxi from cambridge arts theater to Meghna by 19:15?|Your booking is complete! Your taxi will be a yellow ford. The contact number for your driver is 07755954404. Is there anything I else I can help you with?
No, thank you.|Okay great.  Enjoy your time in Cambridge and please let us know if there is anything else we can do to help!
I am looking for a particular attraction.|Do you know the name of the attraction and what area of the city it is in?
Yeah, it's called  saint catharine's college I believe.|Ah yes, that college is in the center of town, on king's parade. Would you like more information?
Can I get the phone number please?|Absolutely! That number is 01223338300. Anything else for you?
What type of attraction is that college?|It's a college attraction.
Okay, thank you. Is there somewhere near there to stay in the moderate price rage, with 4 stars?|Unfortunately, I do not have any guesthouses or hotels that fit your criteria. Is there a different price range, area, etc. I can check for you?
Have you checked in the North?|My apologies. There are several 4-star hotels at a moderate range. There are 7 in the north. Will you be needing free parking?
I require free wifi.|There is wifi available at the hotel.
Alright, book me one for a four night stay starting on Saturday.|How many people are in your group?
Just for 1 person, thanks.|I was able to book you a room at the Acorn Guest House. Booking was successful. Reference number is : FBGL114Y. Is there anything else I can help with?
Thank you very much.|You're welcome. Enjoy!
I am looking for information in Cambridge|Is there anything in particular you are looking for? Hotels or restaurants perhaps?
I'm looking to take a train on Sunday leaving from Kings Lynn.|I would be happy to assist you. Those trains leave every hour, starting at 05:11. What time would you like to arrive in Cambridge.
I would like to leave after 11:15.|The first train departing Sunday after 11:15 is TR1152 leaving at 12:11. Would you like to book a ticket?
what is its price?|The price is 7.84 pounds per ticket.
Okay. And what would be the length of travel?|travel time is 47 minutes
Thanks for the train info. I am also interested in visiting attractions in the center of Cambridge.|I would be  happy to assist you with that. What type of attraction are you interested in?
Any one would do but I would need the phone number|all saints church is a attraction of architecture in the centre phone is 01223452587
Can we also look at hotels in the same area as the attraction?|Of course I can help you with that. What amenities are you looking for?
Actually, I won't be needing a hotel after all. Thank you for your help.|Your welcome. Are you sure there is nothing else I can assist you with today?
No, that is all I need today. Again, thank you.|Glad I could help you find what you were looking for. Hope you have a great day.
I'm looking for an entertainment attraction please.|There are five entertainment attractions in town. What area of town do you want to visit?
The area doesn't matter|My favorite is the Funky Fun House in the east. Would you like their address or phone number?
That sounds great, yes please may I have their phone number and postcode?|their phone number is 01223304705 and the postcode is cb58hy
Thanks for that. Please find me a Welsh restaurant in the center|There are no Welsh restaurants in the centre would you like another area or type of food?
How about international food?|Yes I have two international restaurants that are both in the moderate range. Would you like me to pick for you?
yes and book for me a table for 8 people at 19:30 on wednesday|You are all set, the reference number is BXFB7UEY, any further questions?
No, that's it. Thank you so much.|Enjoy your evening! Let us know if we can be of any further assistance.
Could you help me with some information about places I can go in town?|Do you have a particular attraction or type of attraction in mind? We have boats, colleges, and a great deal of architecture.
I want to go to a museum.|I have several museums available.  What part of town would you like?
Please focus your search to the west.|I would recommend the Lynne Strover Gallery.  Admission is free.
plese get me the phone number and address|The phone number is 01223295264 and the address is 23 high street, fen ditton.  What else can I do for you?
Yes I need a place to stay that is a hotel that is moderate and I need it for 5 nights for 1 person from Tuesday.|Okay what area would you like to stay in?
I need the reference number too. I am not particular as to where, as long as it is near Cambridge.|Is parking and free wifi important to you?
I would prefer it to include both. Thanks for asking.|There are over a dozen to choose from. Are you looking for a particular star rating? Do you prefer a guesthouse or a hotel?
I have no preference.  Please make a recommendation and book a room for me.|Okay I recommend the acorn guesthouse. Is it okay to book there?
If the acorn guesthouse is in the moderate range with wifi and parking, please book the above nights for me, please.|Okay! I have booked you and your reference number is 5X4PO32W.
Thanks, take care.|Can I look up anything else for you?
No thank you that is all.|Your welcome, enjoy your stay in Cambridge.
Help me find something fun to do in the centre.|We have the vue cinema that's in that area.  Would you like more information about that?
Sure! Can I get the address?|The address is the grafton centre, east road, postcode cb11ps. Would you like the phone number?
yes i will appreciate.|The phone number for Vue Cinema is 08712240240. Can I help you with anything else?
Thanks. I am also looking for a restaurant that serves seafood. I'd like it to be in the expensive price range.|I have the loch fyne. Would you like me to make a booking for you?
Is the loch fyne in the same area as the Vue Cinema?|Loch Fyne is located in the centre as well, yes. Would you like me to make a booking for you?
Yes please book that for 4 people at 20:00 on wednesday.|the booking was a success. your reference number is FR7FACKD. anything else i can help you with?
No thanks. That looks like everything. Have a good day. Bye.|Have a nice day.
I am looking for places to go in the centre of town.|There are many attractions in the town centre. Is there a particular type you have in mind?
Is there a theater in the centre?|There are 4 theatres in the centre: ADC, Cambridge Arts, Mumford, and The Cambridge Corn Exchange.
Any of those places are fine. Could I have the address of one of them?|Sure, the ADC Theatre is on park street, postcode cb58as.
Great, thanks. I also need a place to stay that is also in the centre. A guesthouse is my preference if available.|Yes, I've got two guesthouses that match those criteria, one with 4 stars and one with 0. Would you like me to book you at one, and if so, which?
Please book the one that has free parking.|Both hotels have free parking. What day, time and how many people would you like to make this booking for?
I would like the 4 star one. I need it starting thursday for 4 nights and 6 people.|great, your reference number is DYLWUDB2
Thank you very much, that is everything I need.|The name of the guesthouse is Alexander Bed and Breakfast, and it is located at 56 Saint Barnabas Road. Would you like their phone number?
No thank you. Have a great day!|Thank you for choosing our service. Have a great day!
I'm looking for the Cherry Hinton Hall and Grounds.|Great choice! The Cherry Hinton grounds are located in the east. It is located on Cherry Hinton Road. Their contact info is 01223446104. Any other information I can offer you?
Yes, could you give me the postcode please?|The postcode is cb18dw. Is there anything else you need?
I want to find a hotel in the west. It needs to have free parking.|There are two hotels that meet those criteria.  The Huntingdon Marriot is an expensive hotel, and the Cambridge Belfry is a cheap. Which one would you prefer?
I will try the Huntingdon Marriot.|Would you like me to book you a room at the huntingdon marriott hotel?
Yes, I need a room starting on tuesday.|How many nights would you like it to be reserved, and how many will be in your party?
I will need three nights and with 5 people.|I was unable to book for 5 nights.  Would you like to try for 4 nights?
Actually I was mistaken, I need it to be booked for 6 people for 2 nights starting Tuesday.|I'm unable to book two nights for six people.  Would you like to try for one day?
Yes please. One day is fine.|The booking was successful. The reference number is 1FN4UUGJ. What else can I help you with?
I also need a taxi to get me between the two places please.|When would you like to leave or arrive?
I'd like to leave by 16:15.|Okay sure. I have booked a white BMW to pick you up and your contact number is 07340002030. Anything else?
That takes care of everything. Thank You!|Thank you for using our system!
I am looking for information on the Kings college attraction|Kings college is located in the centre of town at kings parade. Phone number 01223331100. Is there any other information you need?
What is the postcode?|The post code is cb21st
That is all I needed today, thanks!|Glad to be of help. Have a great day.
I will be visiting Cambridge soon and need a place to stay. I am looking for a guesthouse with at least a star 3 rating.|4 guesthouses match your request and they're all moderately priced. Do you want to be in the north, south, or west side of town?
What are my options on the west side of town?|Just one, the Hobsons House is available.
Ok, let's go with that. ould you book it for 8 people starting wednesday? I need 5 nights.|You booking for Hobsons House was successful, the confirmation number is BBSBEY5B. Can I help with anything else?
No that will be all. Thank you|Thank you goodbye
Great. You can help me pick out a restaurant go to.|Yes, there are many great restaurants to chose from, what kind of food would you like? Do you have a price range?
I would like to eat Italian food. I'm looking for something in the moderate price range please.|There are five moderate priced Italian restaurants is there any area you prefer to eat in?
No, any area would work, is there one that is available at 13:15 on thursday? I need a reservation for two people.|I've reserved you a table for 2 at one of my faves: Prezzo. Reference number OOAMXI99. Can I help with something else?
I also want to find a multiple sports place in the east area.|The Cherry Hinton Village Centre is the spot you're looking for. They're on Colville Road. Can I help you with any other info?
Yes, I would like the phone number adderss and entrance fee.|I don't have any information on the entrance fee, but the phone number is 01223576412 and it is on Colville Road, Cherry Hinton.
Are you certain the entrance fee isn't listed?|Yes I am certain, I am sorry.  Is there anything else you needed to know?
If you're certain then I guess not. Thank you for all your help.|You're welcome. Have a great day!
Hi. I would like help finding an indian restaurant to eat at.|I have 22 potential restaurants that serve Indian cuisine. To narrow it down, in what area of the city would you like to eat?
east or south|I have 5 restaurants that meet those criteria. How about Taj Tandoori in the south or Curry Prince in the east? Are you looking for a specific price range?
I am looking for something expensive. If the Taj is expensive I would like to make a reservation there for 8 people on Thursday at 14:00.|I have made a reservation for 8 people at Taj Tandoori, your table will be held for 15 minutes.  The reference number is 5ABCTF0J.  Anything else?
Yes could you also find me information on things to do in town that involve colleges?|There are 18 colleges, do you have a preference on which area it is in? Churchill college is in the west with free entrance.
I would like the college to be somewhere near the restaurant you booked for me. Can you also give me a postcode for the college.|We have 5 colleges on the west end of town. Clare Hall seems a good fit and is at cb39al.
That sounds great, thank you for your help.|We are happy to help. Do you need further assistance?
No, that was everything, thank you.|Awesome. Have a great rest of your day!
I am looking for information about the the Cherry Hinton Water Play|That is a free park on the east side of town. They are located at Cherry Hinton Hall on Cherry Hinton Road. Their phone number is 01223446100.
Excellent, I can't wait to visit it! Thank you.|You're welcome! Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, what type of attraction is Cherry Hinton Water Play?|It is a park.
Thanks I'm also looking for a train that leaves on Thursday.|OK, what are your departure and arrival stations, and what time do you want to travel?
I'd like to go to Cambridge via Broxbourne. I'd like to leave on Thursday and arrive no later than 12:00.|I have on that arrives at 11:32. Would you like me to book that for you?
Please book it and send me the confirmation code.|Before i book it, could you confirm the number of seats you need?
Just one seat.|Your booking was successful! The reference number is 698RE4W1. The total fee of 17.89 is payable at the station.
Perfect thanks for the help thats everything I need!|Well I glad i can help enjoy your stay !
Again thank you and have a great day.|excellent, have a great day!
I am looking for a museum in the town centre.|May I suggest Primavera located at 10 king s parade. The phone number is 01223357708. Admission is free.
Sounds perfect.  What is the postcode?|The post code is cb21sj. Is there anything else you would like to know?
No, that will be all thank you.|Thank you and have a pleasant visit, goodbye!
I am looking for places to go when I get to town. Are there any good museums?|There are many museums. Do you prefer a certain part of town?
Yes I would prefer to be in the west.|Ok, I have 7 listings. Might I suggest the Museum of Classical Archaeology?
That sounds great. Can i get the address and entrance fee?|They are located on sidgewick avenue and admission is free.   Can I assist with anything else?
I am also looking for a place to stay.  Perhaps 4 stars, and I need wifi.|There are a few places that match that description. Do you know what area you'd like to stay in?
Yes I am looking for a guesthouse in the north. Can you book it for 2 nights starting Saturday for 1 person?|May I suggest the Acorn Guest House?
That sounds like a great place.|sure thing all set! reference number is IS8BB29K anything else for you today?
No. Thank you though, this has been very helpful.|Great! Have a great day!
i am looking for a particular hotel. Its name is called aylesbray lodge guest house.|The Aylesbray Lodge is a guesthouse in the south area located at 5 Mowbray Road. The pricing is moderate. The phone number is 01223240089. Would you like to book a stay?
No, I can do that. I am looking for places to go in town, a park.|There are five parks in town.  Were you hoping for a certain area of town?
In the East preferably.|Okay there is one option here. It is cherry hinton water play. Entrance is free. Would you like help with anything else?
Can you tell me the postcode?|The postcode is cb18dw.
Can you also confirm the area that is in please?|That is in the east area.
Thank you so much!|So we have you at a place to stay with something to do for fun, anything else before I let you go?
Thank you that will be all I need.|I'm happy to be of service. Goodbye!
I am looking for a hotel with free wifi for when I am visiting Cambridge.|Acorn guest house in the north has a 4 star rating and free internet. Would you like me to book a room?
Could you tell me if Acorn guest house is in the moderate price range?|Yes it is in the moderate price range. Shall I book it for you?
Yes, I need it for 4 people for 3 nights starting Thursday.|I'm sorry, that is not available.  Could you possibly shorten your stay?  Also, this is a guesthouse, were you looking for a hotel room instead?
Yeah, let's just try for one night please.|Sorry, let me try to get this right. Are you looking for a moderate priced hotel(?) or guesthouse(?), with wifi, in the north? Does star number matter? For 1 night?
I want it to be a hotel and the stars don't matter.|OK, the Ashley Hotel is a moderately priced hotel in the north with free wifi. Would you like a room there?
Yes. I need to book for 4 people for 3 nights starting from Thursday.|Unfortunately, booking was not available. Could you choose another day or arrange for a shorter stay?
Can you try just one night? I can use the reference number, too, if successful. Also, are there museums in town?|There is ashley hotel with all your requirements met. Can I book for you? What kind of museum are you interested in?
Yes, book it and I need a reference number.  It doesn't matter the kind of museum.|OK, I have you booked at the ashley hotel. There are no Museums in the North, where are you wanting it located?
What is the reference number for the Ashley Hotel?|I apologize. I thought the booking had confirmed but it did not. They are booked full. Would you like to try a shorter stay?
Can you book it for 1 night?|I'm sorry, we don't have any rooms available there on Thursday. Would you like to try a different hotel?
Sure, I need a hotel that is moderately priced that is in the north area.|I am sorry but the room in that area on Thursday are booked. Shall I try another day for you?
Hmm, are you absolutely sure that there's no moderately priced places in the North for 4 people, 1 night on Thursday?|Yes, Unfortunately I double checked all the hotels available for what you are looking for. They are all booked up for the night.
All right, then let's start all over again. I need a place to stay for 4 people 3 nights, if not then for one night.|The Avalon shows availability for 3 nights starting Thursday for 4 people. It is a 4 star moderately priced guesthouse. Would you like me to book it for you?
Yeah this seems fine. Go ahead and book it for me.|I apologize, as I went to book it someone else must have already snagged it. Can you stay on a different day maybe?
No, but please try 1 night instead of 3.|I was able to find you one night at the avalon hotel? May I book it for you?
Yes, please book that for me and give me the reference number.|Booking was unsuccessful. Can I try another day or a shorter stay?
How about starting on Friday?|sorry, but Friday is all booked
Book whatever is avaliable, thanks!|I apologize for the long wait. You are booked at the hamilton lodge. Your reference number is EL2JG964. Is there anything else I can help with?
Yes I would like to visit a museum.|We have many museums in town, in every area except the north. Do you have a preference?
No, just let me know what you would recommend and give me the postcode, area, and phone number.|I like byard art, the postcode is cb21sj and their address is 14 king's parade
Thank you for that, can I have their phone number as well?|Of course you can, it's 01223464646. Would that be all for you today?
Yes, that is all that I needed.  Thank you for your help!  Goodbye.|Thank you so much for your patience. Have a great day!
Hello, do you have any information regarding interesting theatres to visit in the centre of town?|Sure thing, there are four theatres in the centre of town. ADC Theatre, Cambridge Arts Theatre, Mumford Theatre, and The Cambridge Corn Exchange.
I'm interested in one of the theatres! Can I get the entrance fee information for those?|I'm sorry, but none of the theaters list the entrance fee. Would you like the phone number for any of them?
That's okay, could you provide me with the postcode and address, please? Also, I am looking for a train leaving after 16:00 this Monday.|The ADC Theatre is located on Park Street and its postcode is cb23pj. Before I find your train, could you tell me where you would like to go?
Of course, silly me :P I am looking for a train from cambridge to stevenage|The TR0254 leaves Cambridge at 17:21.
Awesome, thank you very much! I'm pretty sure that's all I need right now, but I'll be back if I think of anything else. Later!|Great thank you for using our system.
I need to find an expensive restaurant in Cambridge located somewhere in the north.|What type of food would you like? There are asian oriental, chinese, european and french restaurants available.
I'm not particular on the type of food. Could you recommend something and book a table for 1 person at 19:30 on tuesday.|I can book you a table for Tuesday at a Chinese restaurant in the north named the Hot Spot. Shall I do that?
Yes please, book me a table for one at 19:30|Your reservation has been made. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Your reference number is 8JGOXQPX. Is there anything else today?
I would like to find a place to visit in the same area as the restaurant.|There are many attractions to choose from,what did you have in mmind ?
I don't really care, do you have any recommendations?|There are four attractions in the north. A boat, a park, and two swimming pools. Which would you like?
I'd love to go swimming.|There are two swimmingpool options in the north. I recommend jesus green outdoor pool.
Alright, please give me the entrance fee and postcode for jesus green pool|The postcode for jesus green outdoor pool is cb43px. I'm sorry I do not have the entrance fee.  Is there anything else i can help you with?
Does the other swimming pool say what the entrance fee is?|I don't have that information I am sorry.
I am also interested in the boat attraction.  What is the entrance fee and postcode for that attraction?|Okay I have the riverboat Georgina.  The post code is cb43ax and I have no information on the entrance fee.
Thanks for your help. That's all I need today.|Okay. I'm glad I could help. Have a great trip. Goodbye.
I'm looking for attractions in west Cambridge.|I have colleges and museums here. Do you have a preference?
No not really. Just something historical to see.|You may enjoy the museum of classical archaeology located in the west part of town. Would you like more information?
Yes, may I please get their address, postcode and phone number?|No problem.  The museum  is located on sidgwich avenue.  The postalcode is cb39da, and the phone number is 01223335153. Can I help you with anything else?
Great, I also need a train to leicester and traveling on friday.|Alright, let's see what I have for you. Can you tell me what time you would like to leave or arrive by? That will help us narrow one down.
The train should arrive by 21:45 in Leicester. You can tell me which departure from Cambridge is best for that time.|The TR1233 leaves at 19:21 and arrives by 21:06, would that work?
Yes what would the price be?|The price per ticket on TR1233 is 37.80 pounds. Do you want me to book a seat for you?
No, not at this time, thank you for your help.|You're welcome have a great day
You too, goodbye.|Thank you for using Cambridge TownInfo centre.  Please consider us for your future travel needs.
I am looking for a cheap local restaurant located in the centre of town|There are 15 cheap restaurants in the centre of town. If you have no food type preference, would you like to go to Charlie Chan's?
I am looking for one that serves Spanish food|Yes I have one Spanish restaurant matching your price range and criteria. Would you like their number and address?
Would you please book a table for 4 people at 15:30 on Saturday?|Your booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes and your reference number is L4BT0A1C. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, I am also looking for a college to visit in the center of town.|There are 13 entries. Do you require a certain entrance fee?
I don't care, but could you make me a suggestion but tell me the entrance fee along with their address and postcode?|Sure! Christ's College is located at saint andrew's street with a postcode of cb23bu, There is not entrance fee.
Thank you for your help.|Can I assist you with anything else today?
No, thank you very much for this!|You are more than welcome!
What are some places I could visit that are in Cambridge?|There are several great places to visit in cambridge. What type of attraction do you prefer?
I would like to visit a park on the north side.|Sure, we have Milton Country Park located in the north in Milton. There phone number is 01223420060 & postcode is cb46az.
Ok, great thanks.  I also need to find a train going to cambridge.|I have 1,414 possible options for you to take. Is there any way for you to narrow down which one you need?
I need a train to leave on Tuesday after 18:00 from London Liverpool street going to cambridge.|TR6833 is a train that matches your requirements, would you like that?
I would like the travel time, arrival time and price, please.|Your arrival time for TR6833 is 21:07, with a travel time of 88 minutes.  Price is 16.60 pounds per ticket.
Thank you. I would like to book that train.|Sure thing! How many tickets will you be needing?
That was all the info I needed today, thank you.|TR6833 leaves at 19:39 and arrives in Cambridge at 21:07 for 88 minutes of travel.  It costs 16.60.
Thank you, that's all I need for now.|No problem, glad to be of help!
Can you help me find an expensive restaurant in the north that serves African?|I'm sorry I have no restaurants serving African food in the expensive category. Is there another type of restaurant you would like to look for?
I am looking for a cinema.|I have located two cinemas. One is in the north; the other in the south.  Would you like additional information?
Yes, can I have entrance fee and address for the one in the south?|Cineworld Cinema is at Cambridge Leisure Park, Clifton Way in the south, but I don't know its entrance fee. We never figured out a restaurant for you, should we keep looking?
Yes. I need a restaurant the is moderate priced with Italian food in the west.|Great I have one called Prezzo. would you like a booking there?
Yes, that sounds great. Make a reservation for 3 people at 20:00 on Friday and provide the reference number.|Your reservation has been booked. The table will be reserved for you for 15 minutes after 20:00. Your booking number is LQSPGQ3I. Anything else I can help with?
Yes, I'll need a taxi to get me from the cinema to the restaurant in time for that reservation.|Alright! I have a taxi booked to get you to the restaurant in time for your reservation. It is a red skoda, the contact number is 07783655406.
Thanks for the service, that's all for today.|Thank you for contacting us and have a nice day.
My cousin told me about a place called the fez club.|The fez club is a nightclub located at 8 market passage in the centre area.  To enter the club it will cost you 5 pounds.
Can I get the postcode, address, and phone number for it? I also am looking for a place to eat.|Here's the information: cb23hx, 8 market passage and 01223519224. What kind of food would you like?
anything is good as long as it is in the centre|Well, the city centre has a lot of places to eat. Do you have a price range in mind?
I would like something moderately priced.|I have many options including Asian, British, Chinese, Italian and European food. Anything interest you?
I've never had British food. Let's try that. Can you tell me some info on that one?|Well I personally like The Oak Bistro which is located on 6th Lensfield Road.
Can you book that for me?|I'd be happy too.  Do you know when you'd like to eat?
Let's say 17:30.  Is there a reservation available at that time?|It looks like they have an opening. Can you tell me how many people will be in your party?
On second thought, I'm not ready to book yet.  I need to talk to my wife.  Can you just get me the post code for Oak Bistro?|Yes, it is cb23hx.  What else can I help you with today?
Great thank you. That will be all. Goodbye|Have a nice day.
I am staying in the centre of cambridge, can you tell me about places to go there?|Sure, what type of place interests you?
It doesn't matter but can I get their entrance fee.|Castle Galleries is located in the centre of town and are free to enter.
OK, that sounds great. I also need a train to get me to Cambridge.|I have several options but if you let me know your preferred departure point, day and time i can recommend the best option for you.
I will be departing from Kings Lynn on Saturday.|i found 19.what time would you like to go
I need to leave after 20:00.|I have 4 trains that match your criteria.  The first leaves at 20:11, then 21:11. 22:11 and 23:11.  Which one would you like to book?
Please book the one for 21:11 please.|Okay. Booking was successful. Your reference number is CJNO95ZP. Anything else?
That is all I needed. Thanks!|Have a great day.
Hello, I am going to be visiting Cambridge and am looking for a particular hotel called the Warkworth House.|The Warkworth house is a guesthouse on the east side located at warkworth terrace. Their phone number is 01223363682. Would you like help with anything else?
Perfect I would like to book it for 7 people|What nights would you like me to book it for?
We will arrive on Saturday and stay for four nights.|The booking was successful and your reference number is D786QB5S.
I also need a place to go. In the center, to do multiple sports|Unfortunately there are no sports attractions in the centre of town. Should I broaden your search?
How about a college instead?|I have 13 colleges. Would you like more info on any of them?
Surprise me, please. I just need their address, phone number, and entrance fee.|Gonville and Caius College is in centre. Phone is 01223332400. It's free to get in, and the address is trinity street. Do you need anything else?
No thank you that is all I needed.|Great.  Thanks for letting us assist you today!
I need a one-star hotel, please.|I'm sorry, there doesn't seem to be any 1 star hotels in the area.  Can I look for something different for you?
Are you sure?|Yes, quite sure. Would you be willing to step up to a 3 star option? I have some good choices that I'm sure you will love.
Well, if there are no 1 stars, might as well try for 4 stars.  Cheap though.|There is the cambridge belfry in the west that is a cheap 4 star hotel. It has internet and parking. Would you like me to book it for you?
No thank you, I just needed the information for now.|Was there anything else I could assist you with today?
Yes.  I am looking for a fun place to visit while I'm in the west side of town. Is there an awesome attraction you could recommend?|sure! how about funky fun house?
What kind of attraction is it?|Entertainment. But I made an error, it is in the east.
Oh, okay.  I need something in the west.|Whale of a Time is an entertainment attraction in the West.
Thank, I just need their address, and then we can work on a taxi afterwards.|The address is unit 8, viking way, bar hill.  When would you want a cab for?
Great. I need a taxi from the hotel to there by 20:30.|Let me find a taxi for you.
I'll need the car type and contact number.|I will get that for you.
Okay, so what is it?|You'll be riding in style in a black skoda. You can call them at 07191841492.
Thank you so much.|Anything else today?
Not you took care of everything I need. Thanks.|Great.  Have a nice time in Cambridge.  Bye.
I am looking for a place to stay. It should be in a moderate price range and should be a star of 3.|i have four results that match your request, do you need internet?
Internet is not necessary. But can you see if there is one in the west part of town and I would prefer a guesthouse.|I have the Hobsons House. It is a moderately priced guesthouse located in the west. Free wifi and internet. Can I assist you in booking a room?
Yes, I need a booking for 8 people for 5 nights starting Monday. Please include the reference number for the booking.|I have that all booked for your stay. Your reference number for the room is ZUG88XKL. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, I am also looking for places to go in town while we are visiting the area. Do you have anything of concert halls around the area? We love those.|We have one. The Man on The Moon. But it is located in the centre area of town. Would you like more information?
Yes, please, what is the phone number?|The phone number is 01223474144.
Ok, perfect.  Thanks!|Also the address to the man on the moon is 2 Norfolk Street. You have to call to inquire about the entrance fee. Have a Great day.
I am looking for somewhere to go in the centere of town.|there are lots of museums and churches to visit
Oh churches! Sometimes they are really beautiful inside. That sounds fun. Do you know of any that might be good?|How about holy trinity church? The entrance fee is free.
That sounds perfect. What is the postcode?|it is a type of a collage. postcode is cb21tq
Thanks. Is there a british restaurant near the church I can eat at?|There are 7 restaurants, would you prefer a moderate or expensive price range?
I would like it to be moderate.|May I suggest The Copper Kettle? It's very popular.
That sounds great thanks so much.|Okay! Would you like for me to make you a reservation?
Yes. Please make a booking for 3 people at 11:45 for Thursday.|I have your reservations set for 11:45 Thursday for a party of 3 at The Copper Kettle. Your reference number is YEXS7GMQ. Is there anything else I can help with?
No, that will be all. Thanks for your help!|You are most welcome! Enjoy your visit!
i'm looking for a place to stay that is on the cheap side.|There are 10 locations on the cheap side. Do you have an area of town in mind?
I have no preference regarding the area.|We have 1 hotel and 9 guesthouses that fit your criteria. Do you have a preference?
Are any of them 4 star guesthouses?|7 of them are four star guesthouses. would you like me to book you a reservation?
What's the postcode for your favorite of those guesthouses?|How about Alexander Bed and Breakfast? It's in the CB12DE postcode.
Okay. Can you also provide me with information on The Cambridge and County Folk Museum? I would like their phone number, venue type and postcode.|got it right here. What would you like info on?
The County Folk Museum. I need the phone number, venue type and postcode.|Sure thing. Their phone number is 01223355159. Postcode is cb30aq and it is in fact a museum like the name suggests
Can you reserve tickets for me?|I cannot reserve tickets to the museum, if that's what you're asking.
Can you help me find a place to go in the west?|Absolutely, what kinda of place you are looking for?
I don't know. Can you recommend something?|people's portraits exhibition at girton college	is a museum in the west. can i give you the address
I need the phone number and entrance fee please.|the phone number is 01223338901, admission is free.
I also need a train ticket on friday leaving peterborough arriving by 15:00|TR2521 will arrive at 14:38. Would you like a ticket?
No, thanks. That is all for me.|Thanks for visiting, have a lovely day!
Actually, there is one more thing. You've given me the train ID, and the arrival time in Cambridge. But, when does the train depart Peterborough?|The train departs at 13:48.
Great. Thank you. That's all I need at this time.|excellent, have a great day!
I am looking for some entertainment.|There are lots of fun places in town. What would you like to do today?
It does not really matter can you suggest one?|how about the funky fun house?
No thank you what about a museum?|I have 23 great museums. Is there a certain area you would like to be in?
No area does not matter can you recommend one please?|One of my personal favorites would be the Cambridge and County Folk Museum.  It is definitely worth the entrance fee of 3.50 pounds.
Okay, I'll check it out. Please get me the postcode and address|The address for the Cambridge and county folk museum is 01223355159.  The postcode is cb30aq.
i'm also looking for somewhere to stay|Sure, I need to get some information from you.  Would you like a guesthouse or a hotel?  What day will you be coming?
Tuesday. I want a place to stay that is expensive, 3 star, and has free parking and wifi.|OKay, we have the gonville hotel in the centre and the lensfield hotel in the south.
Thanks, I just searched online for it, looks great, please book me for 8 people, 3 nights starting Tuesday.|Booking was successful.Reference number is : PE5Q6EI9.
That's all I needed. Thanks. Bye.|Have a good night.
I'd like to know about a particular attraction.|I'll be happy to give you the information you need. What's the name of the attraction?
museum of archaelogy and anthropology. i want its phone number and area|That museum is located at the city centre and the postcode is cb23dz.  Is there anything else that I can help you with?
Do you have the phone number? I also need help finding a train.|The phone number is 01223333516.
Great. Can i get a train to bishops stortford on Thursday?|Yes I will take the first one abvailable,will you book it for me ?
I am planning a trip in Cambridge.|What aspects of it would you like me to help you with?
I am looking for a Sunday train to Bishops Stortford please.|There are several leaving on Sunday.  What time would you like to depart?
The train should leave after 17:15 and should go to bishops stortford.|TR6742 leaves at 17:29 and arrives in bishops stortford at 18:07. Would you like me to book it for you?
No need to book. But, can you please give me the travel time and the price of the ticket?|The travel time is 38 minutes and the ticket cost is 8.08 pounds. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes I am looking for some things to do while I'm in town.|We have almost 80 attractions to choose from. Did you have something in mind to do?
Yes, I am looking for a museum in the centre.|We have 11 different free museums ranging from art to archaeology. I recommend castle galleries at unit su43, grande arcade, saint andrews street.
What is the phone number?|The phone number is 01223307402.
am also looking for places to go in town. The attraction should be in the centre and should be in the type of museum.|There are several museums in the centre of town. Do you have a preference on the type of art you which to see?
I'm looking for a hotel to stay at during my trip to Cambridge. I'd like it to be in the centre.|What price range are you interested in?
The expensive price range.|I would suggest the University Arms Hotel. It is a 4 star on Regent Street. Would you like me to book it for you?
Yes, please. There are 7 people in my group and we will be staying 4 nights, starting on Wednesday.|Booking was successful.
Reference number is : 36IA96OC. Can I help you with anything else?
Yes, I'm also looking for places I should check out. Is there an entertainment attraction in the same area as the hotel?|There aren't any entertainment options in the centre. Do you have another choice?
Okay, what about a college in the same area?|I have 13 to choose from. I suggest corpus christi college located at king's parade.
No thank you that will be all|Thank you for using the Cambridge TowneInfo Center.  Goodbye.
Hi, I'd like a train leaving from Cambridge on Thursday, please.|Certainly. Did you have a destination in mind?
Yes London Kings Cross.|Great. Now what time would you like to leave by or arrive by?
Arrive by 10:30 in London Kings Cross.|TR8636 will arrive by 09:51, would that work for you?
Yes please bookm it for me and I need the departure time.|How many tickets do you need?
Just one please|OK perfect, I have that booked for you then, is there anything else I can help you with?
I also need a college to go to in the west.|I have 5 different options for you. Might I suggest Clare Hall. It has free admission and it is a great campus to tour.
That sounds great!  What is their address?|It is located on herschel road  and the phone number is 01223332360
Thank you! That will be all.|You are welcome.  Please let us know if you ever need assistance with anything else.
I'm looking for some attractions in the centre area.|i have booked you old schools type of attraction is architecture
I did not ask for a booking.|I'm sorry I canceled the booking. What type of attraction are you interested in, there are many?
What would you recommend?|There are many colleges. What type are you looking for?
As long as it is in the centre, any will be fine. Can you make a recommendation please?|I would suggest the old schools it's free admission.
I'm also looking for an expensive latin american restaurant to dine at.|I do not have anything that meet that criteria. Can I try something else?
Yes, do you have a restaurant that serves chinese in the same area? If so, can you please book a table for 6 at 13:00 on Saturday?|I have the hakka located in the north that is expensive.  Would you be interested in that?
Yes that sounds great. Can you make reservations for that?|I have made those reservations and your reference number is  KQ26B4U5.
Okay. Thank you for your help.|You're welcome. Have a great day.
Hi! Can you please help me? I'm looking for information on Great Saint Mary's Church.|Yes I can! Great Saint Mary's Church is located in the center of town at Market Square in postcode cb23pq. The entry fee is 2 pounds.
Thanks very much, that's all I need for now. Goodbye.|Okay.  Let us know if you need more help.
Can I please book a train for Friday?|Sure, what destination would you like?
I'm going to Leicester.|Where will you be leaving from?
I will be leaving from Ely no later then 17:00.|I have a train that leaves at 16:21. Would you like a booking?
Yes please can you book me one seat on that train and let me know the reference number?|actually, i believe some incorrect information was entered. i have not trains from ely to leicester on friday after 17:00. let's verify what you're looking for.
Sure, I am looking for a train going to Leicester that departs from Cambridge. It should leave after 10:30 on Friday.|Great!  There is the TR8080 leaving Cambridge Friday at 11:21 and arriving by 13:06 in Leicester.  Is that the one you want booked?
Yes please make the booking for me for one.|OK, you have 1 ticket reserved on TR8080. The total fee is 37.79GBP, and your reference number is C317WKCR. Can I help with anything else today?
Thanks.  I am also looking for a place to go in town.  Can you recommend your favorite museum?|Sure! I love the Cambridge Artworks in the east. It's on 5 greens road and is free admission. Would you like their phone number?
Yes please and their address.|Their phone number is 01223902168. Their address is 5 Greens Road.
That was all I needed today, thanks!|You're very welcome. Have a good visit.
I need a train from Cambridge going to stansted airport on wednesday.|Those trains leave every hour beginning at 5:40 am. Do you have a particular arrival or departure time?
I would like to arrive by 08:00.|Train 1610 leaves at 05:40 and arrives at 06:08.  Would you like me to book a ticket?
Yes please.  Can you also please confirm the train ID, price, and departure time for me.  Thank you!|Train 1610 leaves at 05:40 and arrives at 06:08, price is 10.10 pounds
Awesome. Could you also suggest a museum for me to visit? I'm thinking in the east?|I recommend the Cambridge Artworks.  The admission is free. Can I be of further assistance?
Can I get the address and and postal code for the Cambridge Artworks please?|Sure, the address is 5 greens road and the postcode is cb13ef.
Great, thank you. I don't need anything else. Bye!|Thank you for using our services.
Hello.  I am looking for a hotel, it should be in the cheap price range.|I have 9 guesthouses and 1 hotel. Do you have an area in mind?
I want a hotel and not a guesthouse. It should also be on the west side of town with a 4 star rating. Can you help?|I have exactly one choice matching your criteria. Would you like me to make a booking for you for the Cambridge Belfry?
book it for 8 people and 2 nights starting from friday|Booking was successful. Reference number is : UUCTFOYJ. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, that's all I needed! Thank you for your help, have a good night!|Thank you and You're welcome. Good night.
Oh I'm sorry. I'm also looking for places to go. Some type of Multiple sports in the city center. Anything will do.|There is nothing in the centre but I do show one in the east. Would this work or do you have another attraction type in mind?
Can we first find a college in the same area instead|What about gonville and caius college in the centre of town?
Whatever you recommend will work. I just need the phone number, post code and address.|The phone number is 01223332400, the post code is cb21ta and the address is trinity street. Is there anything else I can help you with?
That's it. Thank you so much for everything.|thanks and you and you are welcome anytime
Thank you very much!|Thank you for calling Cambridge TownInfo centre! Have a wonderful trip!
have a great day|Have a good trip
I am looking for a moderately priced 4 star hotel.|All the moderately priced, 4-star accommodations are guesthouses. Is that OK?
That would be just fine, thank you.|Which are would you like?
Any area will do. Recommend something.|How about the avalon?
Great, if they can book for 6 people for 5 nights, starting on Wednesday. Can you try that for me?|I was able to complete that booking for you. Your confirmation number is O4E7TJ08.
Thank you! Are there any places to go in the east?|If you're going to the east, I recommend taking a boat ride with Camboats.
ok, what's their address and postcode?|Camboats address is The Plough, Green End, Fen Ditton and their postcode is cb58sx.
I also need a taxi.|I'd be happy to help with your request, first I'll need to know your departure site and destination and what time you're looking for.
I will want to go between the attraction, and the hotel.|I need to know a departure and/or arrival time.
I want to leave by 15:30.|What is the cost?
Can I get the contact number and the car type please?|It will be a blue Tesla. You may contact them at 07008080625.
Thank you very much. That is all that I need.|excellent, have a great day!
I hope so. My brother recommended an eatery called Curry Prince. Can you help me find it?|Curry Prince is an Indian restaurant in the east part of town. It is moderately priced. The address is 451 Newmarket Road Fen Ditton.
Could I have their phone number as well?|Yes of course. the Curry Prince's phone number is 01223566388.
Thank you. I am also looking for places to go. Is there any swimming pool you can locate for me?|Sure. We have the Abbey Pool there in the same area as your restaurant. There are three others in other parts of town.
What is the entrance fee for Abbey Pool? Can I also get the address?|I'm sorry, my system doesn't tell me the entrance fee. Address is Pool Way, Whitehill Road, Off Newmarket Road. Anything else you need?
I also need a taxi that will let me leave the pool at 20:45 to take me to the restaurant.|I have booked you a Taxi that fits your needs. Would you like the Contact number or Car model?
Both, please! I can't wait to explore Cambridge.|A blue skoda will be picking you up at 20:45. Their contact number is 07775057511. Do you need any further assistance?
That will be all for today. Thank you for your help!|Have a great day!
Yes, hello. I'm looking for a particular attraction called Downing College.|t is located on 	regent street, in the centre.
Thank you so much!|You are welcome! Did you need anything else today?
No, that was all.  Good bye.|Thanks and enjoy !
I am planning a trip for Cambridge|What can I help you find?
I need a train from Broxbourne to Cambridge, leaving Broxbourbe after 18:15.|On what day are you planning to travel?
I would like to leave on sunday.|TR1428 departs at 18:32 and arrives by 19:32. Would you like a ticket?
Yes, please, for 7 people.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 100.24 GBP payable at the station. Your reference number is T7CEWBRP. Will that be all?
Actually, I'm also looking for a museum in the west. Which one is your favorite?|My favorite is Lynne Strover Gallery at 23 High Street, Fen Ditton. Best of all, there's no entrance fee! Would you like any additional information?
What is the entrance fee and phone number?|It is free to get in and the phone number is 01223296264. Is there anything else you need?
nope that's it thanks for your help|Im glad I could help goodbye
I am trying to get some suggestions on where I can take my wife for our anniversary. We want to try to find something fun to do.|How about whipple museum of the history of science?
Sounds interesting.  Can I get the entrance fee and postcode info?|It is a free attraction, and the postcode is cb23rh. Is there anything else?
Well, I guess I forgot to specify that I need something on the south end of town.|I'm sorry, but there is nothing on the south side of town. Would you like to change the area?
Are there any attractions at all on the south side of the city?|I'm sorry, yes, Nusha is an entertainment venue that I think you will enjoy. Postcode for that is cb17dy, but there is no entrance fee listed.
That's all. Thanks for the info!|Thank you.Good bye.
Hi, I am planning a trip and could use your help finding a place to stay when I arrive.|Would you like to stay in a specific area?
I don't care where, but i want a 5 star rating.|There are no five star hotels in the area, but we do have several four star ones, would you like one of those?
Yes I would like one of those.|Sure! How about a and b guest house? It is located at 124 tenison road.
That sounds good.  Do they have free wifi? Also, can you provide me with their address please?|Yes they have free internet and the address is 124 tenison road.
Thank you can you book that for me?|I'd be happy to book that for you. Can you tell me what day you want to begin your stay? And how many guests and nights?
Actually I can book it. Can you tell me about parks to go to in the south?|I have two parks in that area. There is Sheep's Green and Lammas Land Park and Wandlebury Country Park. Both offer free entrance.
Can I get the post code for Lammas Land Park?|They are at cb223ae, can I assist with anything else?
That will be all. Thank you for all your help.|You are very welcome. Good-bye.
Hi, I'm curious about attractions located in the center of town.|I have over 40 great attractions in the town centre. How do you feel about entrance fees?
I don't care about entrance fees.|Do you have a preference for a particular area of town?
Yes I would like the center.|How about all saints church?
Sounds good, could I get the address please?|All Saints Church Jesus Lane, postal code cb58bs. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
no that takes crare of it|Thank you for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre!
Hi, I am looking for a train.  I need to leave on Tuesday, after 11:15.|Can I get information where you are departing from?
I'll be going from Cambridge to Peterborough.|I have train TR8806 departing at 13:34 and arriving by 14:24. Would that work for you? If not, I have both earlier and later trains.
That works. Book it for me. I need the reference number.|The booking was successful and your total fee is 16.5 GBP. You pay that at the station. Your reference number is M1C9IXIH.
Can you also help me find some kind of architecture attraction in city centre?|great saint mary's church is an architecture attraction in the city centre.
That sounds good. Can you give me the address, please?|Postcode cb23pg, Market square. Is there anything else you would like to know.
No, that's all I need for now. Thank you so much.|No problem! Have a great day!
I'm looking to swim today. Is there anywhere I can go?|Abbey pool and astroturf pitch is in the east part of town if that would work for you?
No, I'm actually looking for something in the north. Is there anything available there please?|Sure, there are two in the north. Would you like their information?
Hi, few questions.  I am looking for a restaurant called the Little Seoul.  Also, could you give me the phone numbers, address, and entrance fees for both those places?|Sure!  Let me get the pool information first.  I found one that is an outdoor pool and one that is a learner pool.  Which would you prefer?
The outdoor pool would be best. For the restaurant I need to reserve it for 5 people at 14:30 on sunday. Please give me the reference number of the reservation.|the outdoor pool is called jesus green outdoor pool	located at between victoria road and the river	cb43px
Ok, thanks. Can you reserve the restaurant for me for 5 people at 14:30 on Sunday?|I've made the reservations for you. The reference number is NFKR3VXL.
Thank you so much for your help.|You are welcome.  Can I assist you with anything else?
Yes I need a taxi to get from the pool to the restaurant.|ok I have a black volvo booked for you
Can I please get the taxi company's phone number in case I need it?|you can reach them on 07704971911
Thank you.  That was all I needed. Goodbye.|enjoy your time in Cambridge!
Is there a cinema in the West area?|There are no cinemas in the west part of town in my system.
Too bad. How about museums? Can you recommend one for me?|There are 7 museums in the area, would you be interested in the Lynne Strover Gallery?
Yes I would. Can you give me the address, post code, and phone number for that museum?|Lynne strover gallery is located in the west at 23 high street, fen ditton postcode cb30aq, phone 01223295264.  Can I help with anything else?
Thanks. i also am looking for a place to stay with free wifi and free parking.|I have 29 results that match your request.  To narrow it down, what area are you looking to stay in, and what price range?
I would like to stay in the West as well.|There are 4 hotels in the west area. Could you tell me what price range?
Oh, any of them will do. Let's book it for 3 people for 5 nights starting Wednesday.|I'm sorry but none of the hotel are available. Would you like to book another day or shorter stay?
Will a two night stay work? If that works go then ahead and give me the reference number.|Finches Bed and Breakfast was booked reference number QW2D4CNL
I think that's it! Have a nice day!|Have a good trip!
Thank you for your help.  Good bye.|Thanks for using our service. Have a great day.
I am looking for places to go in the north area.|I have a boat, park or 2 swimming pools in that area. Is there one you would like to try?
Give me more information about the boat please.|The address to riverboat georgina is cambridge passenger cruisers, jubilee house and the postcode is cb43ax. Can I help with anything else?
I'm looking for a place to eat that is in the same area. I want it to be cheap.|You've got 2 choices in the north for cheap places to eat: Royal Spice serves Indian food, and Da Vinci Pizzeria serves Italian food. Which would you prefer?
Da Vinci Pizzeria sounds good.  Thanks.|For how many do you need this reservation?
I need to book a table for 8 at 18:30 on Monday, please.|Your table is reserved at DaVinci, ref# 6U1JO0B2. Is there anything else I can do for you today?
I also need a taxi that will get me  to the restaurant in time for the booking you just made.|Excellent, I have booked you a taxi, a yellow skoda, and the contact number is 07262084765. Is there anything else I can help with?
No, I think this is all I need for today.  Thank you for your help today.|You're welcome. Enjoy the rest of your day! Goodbye.
Do you know of any places I can go for entertainment?|We have several options for you. Is there a specific area you will be in?
No specific area. Just the first thing that pops up.|Cherry Hinton hall and grounds is on the east part of town.
Okay how much does it cost? And where the postal code?|The price is uknown at this time, and the postcode is cb18dw.
I am also looking for a train for Thursday departing from Stevenage.|There are many train departure options on Thursday. When do you want to leave and arrive by?
I would like to arrive in cambridge by 11:30.|TR3330 will arrive at 10:43, would that work for you?
That sounds good. I need tickets for 4 people. Can I get a reference number?|Booking was successful, the total fee is 51.2 GBP payable at the station. Reference number is : XX5DNFKS.
Great, that's all I need. You can end this conversation now. Thanks!|Thank you and enjoy your visit. Have a great day.
I'm looking for Hotels in the center area of town.|Great. I have 3 options available for you. Is there a price range or star rating you prefer?
I don't care, but I'd like free parking.|I have the Gonville Hotel with free parking in the center that is in the expensive price range.
The Gonville Hotel is good. Can I book a room?|Yes I need to know how many people wil be staying and for how long and from when.
Does it have free wifi and what is the rating of the hotel?|They have free wifi and the rating of the hotel.
How many stars is the hotel rated?|The Gonville Hotel is rated 3 stars. Can I book you a room?
Are there any museums close to the hotel?|There are 11 museums in the centre.
That's great, could you pick me one and provide the entrance fee, phone number, and address?|broughton house gallery is free entrance. The address is 98 king street and phone is 01223314960. Is there anything else?
I AM also looking for a place to stay|The Gonville hotel is nice. Would you like me to reserve you any rooms?
What is their star rating?|They have a 3 Star rating
Thanks, but I believe we are repeating ourselves. The hotel and attraction are all I need at this time. Goodbye.|Do you want hotel reservations?
I'm traveling to Cambridge and looking for places to go. Are there any good colleges to see?|There are quite a few for you to choose from.  Did you have a particular area of town you would prefer to spend your time in?
No, any area will do. Can you recommend one?|I sure can.  How about corpus christi in town centre?
Yes that sounds great. Can you give me the address for that college?|King's Parade, cb21rh. Is there anything else you need to know?
No, I just need help finding a place to stay.|I'd be happy to help with that. May I ask if there is a price range or area you prefer?
I need a guesthouse in the moderate price range that includes free parking.|We have 14 places matching your criteria. Lets narrow this down. Is there an area you prefer?
No, I'm really not picky.  j|How about the Acorn Guest House? It is in the north area and has 4 stars with free internet and parking. Would you like for me to book it for you?
Yes, I would like to book it for 4 people for 5 nights starting from Tuesday.|i will book you and get back to you, you are welcome
Can I please get the reference number?|The reference number is T8N3WK5T. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Thank you, Yes, I will need a taxi from the Acorn Guest House to corpus christi college. I also did not get the college address.|What time will you be traveling?
I would like to leave my hotel by 22:00.  Would you mind getting the college address for me?|The college address is king's parade cb21rh. The entrance fee is 2 pounds. Is there anything else I can get for you?
Yes i need to book a taxi to leave the hotel by 22:00 and go to the attraction please.|For how many people?
Just the 4 of us|Your taxi has been booked. It will be a red Ford and the contact number is 07500369982.
Perfect. That's all I need help with. Have a great day.|You, too. Please call if you need anything else. Thank you for calling. Goodbye.
Hi can you help me to book a train from london liverpool street?|I certainly can! I'll need to know your destination, day of travel, and what time you want to leave or arrive by, so I can find a suitable train, OK?
I'll be traveling on Sunday. I'm going from London Liverpool Street to Cambridge.|TR2357 leaves London Liverpool Street at 7:39 and arrives in Cambridge at 9:07.  Would this work or do you need another time frame?
How long is the travel time?|The travel time will be 88 minutes.  Would you like me to book it for you?
No thank you.  I need information on a attraction called scott polar museum.|Scott Polar Museum is located in the centre area, and has no entrance fee. Do you need additional information?
Entrance fee, attraction type, and phone number please.|01223336540	It is a museum in the center.  It is free to get in.
Thank you that's all I need today.|I'm glad I could be of assistance. Have a great day.
you too have a wonderful day.|Bye bye.
Sure, I want some help finding a restaurant in Cambridge, please.|I can help you with that. What's the name of the restaurant you're looking for?
I don't have a specific restaurant in mind. I'm looking for an Indian restaurant.|I have several Indian restaurants available.  What price range and part of town would you prefer.
I want an expensive one in the centre.|there is one called Curry garden, it is in 106 Regent Street City Center.
Hi, can you help me find a train?  I'm in the planning stages of a trip there.|Absolutely! Do you know which train station you would like to use?
Not really but I am departing from Cambridge and going to Birmingham New Street.|There are hourly trains Friday morning, you could take the TR5408 leaving at 7AM, arriving at 9:44. It costs 75.10 pounds. Does that work?
No. I need the train on a thursday and it has to arrive by 13:45. Can you give me the departure time, price, and travel time for that train?|I have TR2102 that leaves at 10:01 and arrives by 12:44. The ticket price is 75.10 pounds. And the travel time is 163 minutes. Anything else I can help with?
Yes, do you have any suggestions of places to go in the centre?|sure! do you like museums?
Yes, I enjoy going to museums. Can you recommend one?|I've heard good things about the Primavera. And there is no entrance fee, so that's a bonus!
That sounds great.  Can you please provide me with the phone number and postcode.|Absolutely.  The phone number is 01223357708 and the postcode is cb21sj.  Is there anything else I can help you with?
That is all I needed today have a nice day.|Thanks for using our service today!
Hello! I'm staying in Cambridge for the first time and I'm looking for places to go that are near me. Can you help me find multiple sports?|There is one multiple sports attraction in Cambridge and it is in the east area:  The cherry hinton village centre.
Bummer, are there any nightclubs in the city centre instead?|There are 5 nightclubs. Club Salsa is my favorite at 1 station road.
Great can I get the phone number, postcode, and entrance fee please?|It's 5 pounds to enter. Their phone number is 07782218745 and the postcode is cb12jb. Can I help with anything else?
Thank you! Can you also help me find a cheap place to stay while I am there?|No problem, do you want to stay in the centre as well?
No, but I'd like a guesthouse of the 4 star range that offers free WiFi.|How does the alexander bed and breakfast sound? It's in the city centre. It has free internet and free parking.
It sounds good! Can you book for 5 people and 5 nights starting from Saturday?|I have booked it, and the reference number is 4ARUOMK7. Anything else I can do for you?
Yes, I need a taxi from the hotel to the nightclub, I want ot leave the hotel by 13:30|Okay, look for a yellow honda contact #07601477512
Anything else I can do for you?
No that's alls I needed.|You are welcome.  Goodbye.
I'm looking for a hotel with free wifi.|Which area of town will you be staying in?
I will be staying in the south can you book me a room and send me the reference number?|Absolutely the only hotel in the south is expensive, is that okay?
Could you look for something in the west?|In the wast I have huntingdon marriott hotel and the cambridge belfry.
If it's in the west, I want it to be a 0 star hotel.  Is it?|No, it isn't. There are no 0 star hotels in the west but there are plenty more hotels I can recommend
Can you check for ones in the centre and have free parking?|The only place that I have in the centre that offers free parking and internet is a guesthouse called the El Shaddai. It is cheap and has 0 stars.
That should be fine. I also want some other places to go nearby.|There are many different types of attractions in that area. Do you have a type in mind?
I would like a architecture place to visit.|Sure, I recommend holy trinity church in the centre, admission is free.
Sweet could you give me their phone and address?|Their address is market street and their number is 01223355397. Do you need anything else today?
I also want to book a taxi to leave the hotel by 15:45.|Where will you be going to?
the holy trinity church from the hotel please.|No problem.  I've got your taxi booked.  What else can I do?
can i have the car type and the phone number for the taxi?|Booked car type	:	grey volkswagen
Contact number	:	07826530117
Perfect! That's all I need. See you later. Bye.|Ok! Have a great day!
I would want to find a train going to Cambridge.|Ok.  And where are you leaving from?
The train should leave on wednesday and should depart from ely|Okay, there are 10 trains available. Do you have a departure or arrival time in mind?
it should arrive by 11:15. get me the price|TR2006 is leaving at 11:35 and costs 4.40 pounds.
Thanks, I'm also looking for some places to go in the centre.|There are 44 different attractions in the centre. Can you narrow down your choices?
I think whatever you think is the best place, just choose that. I am not picky.|Perhaps you would enjoy seeing All Saints Church on Jesus Lane?
that sounds lovely, what is their phone number, address and any entrance fee's?|The phone number for All Saints Church is 01223452587 and they are located on Jesus Lane. They do not charge an entrance fee. Can I do anything else for you?
No, that will be it. Thank you so much for your help!|Thank you for using our service!
Could you help me find a thai restaurant?|I have two listed one on the west side and one in the centre.
Please one in the centre.|Bangkok City is located in the centre. It is an expensive Thai restaurant. Would you like a reservation?
Yes I am needing a table for 7 this Monday at 11:15 please.|Great, they had an opening, you're all set. Your reference number is 1K1NDD5T.
Great. I am also looking for something to do on the West side of town. Any suggestions? I will need the entrance fee and postcode and the type of attraction.|Cambridge has 13 attractions on the west side.  I would suggest the Cafe Jello Gallery, which has a free entry.  Would you like more information on it?
Yes, what type of attraction is it and what is the postcode?|The Cafe Jello Gallery is a museum. The postcode is cb30af.
I am also looking for taxi to take from the museum to the restaurant by 11:15. Can you give me a contact number and the car type?|Okay, I've booked you a black Lexus. The contact number is 07019239723.
Thank you very much. That's all I need today.|Wonderful! Enjoy your time in the city.
Can you help me with some information on a restaurant called luca cucina and bar?|Sure, what information would you like?
What type of food do they serve?|Yes, De Luca Cucina serves modern European food.  Would you like me to book it for you?
No thanks.  Can you tell me the address and postcode for De Luca Cucina?|It is located at 83 Regent Street with a postcode of cb21aw. Is there anything else I could help you with?
Can you also give me a phone number to a cinema?|Yes i can. the phone number for Cineworld Cinema is 00872208000. Can I help you with anything else?
Yes, can you tell me if Cineworld Cinema has an entrance fee?  If so how much is that fee?|Unfortunately I don't have any entrance fee information for Cineworld. Can I help you with anything else?
No I just needed the phone number. Thank You.|You're welcome. Have a great time in Cambridge!
Are there any multiple sports in the centre of town?|Sorry, not in the centre. Should I check another area?
Well, how about a theatre then? I need the phone number.|There are several theaters in the town centre. What address are you staying at so I can find the closest one to you?
I'm not sure yet. Which one do you recommend?|I think the Mumford Theatre is great! Would you like more information?
Yes, I need the entrance fee and phone number?|They don't have the entrance fee posted but their phone number is 08451962320. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
No thanks, that is all the information I need. Thank you for your time.|I'm happy to be of help. Goodbye!
I'm looking for Milton Country Park. Can you tell me about it?|Of course, it's a park located in the north area of town and has no entrance fee. The phone number there is 01223420060
What kind of attraction is it?|It is a country park? Would you like to find anything else today?
I am also looking for a restaurant that serves international food and located in the centre of town.|The Varsity Restaurant is your best bet. Would you like a table there?
Is that in the moderate price range?|It sure is. May i book it for you?
No thank you but I would like the full address and phone number please.|The address for the Varsity Restaurant is 35 Saint Andrews Street City Centre, cb23ar. The phone number is 01223356060. Can I help you with anything else?
Can you book me a taxi between the two places? I want to get to the attraction by 20:45.|Your taxi has been booked. Is there anything else I may help you with today?
Could I please have the contact number and car type for the taxi?|Yes. The contact number is 07874698505 and the car type is a Grey Skoda. Can I help with anything else?
No thank you, that was everything that I needed help with. Thank you very much for helping me.|Have a great day!
I am looking for places to go in Cambridge, a type of a boat.|There are 4 boats in the area. What part of the city would you like to visit?
I'll take what ever you have first, but I'll need the entrance fee please.|The system is not saying whether there is an entrance fee for the boats. I can provide phone numbers if you would like to call them.
Thank you, I also need a train going to stevenage and arrive by 11:00|There are 21 trains heading to stevenage what town will you be departing from?
I will be departing from 3 towns over.|You can depart from Cambridge, what day would you like to travel?
I would like to go on Monday please.|You can depart on Monday at 05:21, how does that sound?
Pets on the gray please make the booking for one person and give me the reference number|Booking was successful, the total fee is 12.8 GBP payable at the station .
Reference number is : U108YPRI.
Awesome. That will be everything!|Great! Thank you for using our service today. Have a nice day.
You too, thanks.|We hope to see you again.
I am looking for a train that's going to Cambridge arriving by 16:30.|I have several trains that fit. Where are you departing?
I'm leaving from London Liverpool Street on Sunday.|I have one leaving at 13:39 and arrive by 15:07. Would you like that one?
What is the travel time on that?|The travel time for that route is 88 minutes. Can I book you a ticket?
Yes please. I am also looking for a college type attraction in town.|Would you like christ's college it hs free entrance fee.
Sure. What time is is open?|I do not have information on open and close times but here is the phone number if you would like to find out,01223334900.
Great. Thanks for the information.|It will be located in the city centre.
Can you help me find a train going to cambridge leaving on tuesday?|Where are you departing from and what is your departure time?
I'll be departing Bishops Stortford. My departure time is flexible, but I need to arrive by 16:30.|The Bishops Stortford to Cambridge at 15:29 is scheduled to arrive at 16:07. The one before that is two hours earlier.
Could you give me the price and train ID for that one please?|TR1392. 10.10 pounds. Is there anything else?
I'm looking for places to go in town centre. I'm interested in entertainment. Can you suggest a place to go?|There are many attractions do you want a church,or park or water slide ?
I was looking for entertainment, but if there is nothing how about a college?|I think i can get for you anything else
I'm looking for an entertaining place to go this evening in the Cambridge area, please.|There are 79 attractions in Cambridge. Can I narrow your search by area and/or type?
How about a theatre in the centre? I will need an address and phone number too please.|I recommend the mumford theatre, their phone number is 08451962320 and their address is anglia ruskin enterprise, east road. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I am looking for a train going to kings lynn leaving after 15:45 please|I can book your tickets for Friday. The train leaves at 16:11. Would that be alright?
Is it possible to change Friday to Saturday instead?|Absolutely. TR8364 will depart cambridge for kings lynn at 16:11 on Saturday. Would you like to book passage on that train?
Yes, and please be sure to give me the ID.|The train ID is TR8364. How many tickets do you need?
Just one ticket, please.|Great, your booking was successful. Your reference number is GKBADV9A. You will need to pay 7.84 GBP at the station.
Thanks - that's all I need today! I appreciate your help.|You are welcome. Have a nice day.
Hi. I'm looking for some moderately priced rooms for the night in the centre of town. Where can I go for that?|Cityrooms is the one moderately priced hotel in the area.   It has free wifi but no free parking.  Would you like me to book you?
No thank you, I'm just looking for now. That's everything I needed.|Very good.  If we can be of more assistance please let us know.  have a good day!
Is Cityrooms 4 stars?  I'm sorry I forgot to specify, but I do require it.|It isn't, and unfortunately I don't have a hotel that matches that criteria.
Okay, how about one in the cheap price range?|I have the alexander bed and breakfast or el shaddai. Which would you prefer?
Alexander Bed and breakfast, can I get the address and hotel type please?|alexander bed and breakfast is a guesthouse. The address is 56 saint barnabas road. Is there anything else I can help you with?
i am also looking for scudamores punting co, what  attraction type is it?|It's a boat attraction in the centre area. Do you want their phone number?
No, I just need a taxi to get between the two places.|Sure. What time would you like to leave and from which destination?
I'd like to leave the hotel by 11:45 please.|Your car is a black tesla contact number 07908996217
Will that be all?
Excellent. That's all i needed.|I hope you enjoy your visit to Cambridge! See you soon!
IM looking for a train that arrives by 9:15 and leaves Tuesday|What will be your departure location and destination?
I'm leaving Cambridge and am going to stansted airport.|What time would you like to depart?
departure time does not matter as long as it arrives by 9:15.  Can you give me the travel time and price please?|The earliest is the TR1656 which leaves at 05:40, arriving at 06:08. Travel time on that is 28 minutes, and the price is 10.10 pounds. What else can I help with?
I'd like to visit a theatre in the east part of town.|There are unfortunately no theaters located in the east. Would you like me to try something else?
What about a park?|There is one park, Cherry Hinton Water Play. The address is Cherry Hinton Hall, Cherry Hinton Road. Admission is free. Is there anything else I can do?
No, that is exactly what I was looking for.  Thank you for your help!  Goodbye!|Thank you for choosing Help Desk. Goodbye.
I want a train going to cambridge.|When would you like to travel?
I would like to leave on Tuesday.|Where are you departing from? Do you prefer a specific time?
I am leaving ely and need to arrive by 09:30.|I have train TR8685 leaving at 5:35 and arriving at 5:52.  Would you like reservations?
I think I will buy my ticket at the station.  So that is only a 17 minute trip?|That's correct, it only takes 17 minutes. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
I would like to see a college in the west.|There are 5 different colleges in the west. If I do say so myself, the Magdalene College is really great. They also offer free entrance.
That is perfect. Can I get the address for Magdalene College, please?|Absolutely! The address is magdalene street and postcode is cb30ag. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, I think that is all. Thank you!|Well, I'm glad I could help. Have a great day!
looking for places to go in town. The attraction should be in the north and should be in the type of mutliple sports|I have nothing matching what you are looking for. Perhaps another area or another attraction?
I want to stay in the north. Are there any attractions with boats?|riverboat georgina has nice boats. Are you interested ?
I would like their phone number, entrance fee, and address.|they are at cambridge passenger cruisers, jubilee house,cb43ax. or call them on 01223902091.
I also need a hotel. One with free wifi and not too expensive.|If you want to stay in the north, the Acorn Guest House is moderately-priced and quite nice. If you want cheap, I recommend Worth House.
Okay let's try the Acorn Guesthouse.|Okay. Would you like to book a room at the Acorn Guest House?
Can you book it for me and get a reference number ?|I would be happy to book the Acorn Guest House for you.  Can you please tell me the day, length of stay, and the number of people.
I actually won't need a booking. Can you tell me the star of the hotel and if they offer free parking?|The Acorn Guest house is a beautiful 4-star guest house. They do offer internet and parking. Would you like me to provide their contact information for future reference?
No, thank you. Could I get the entrance fee of the Riverboat Georgina?|I am sorry I do not have that information, I can give you their phone number if you would like.
Yes the phone number would be great.  What are their hours?|The phone number is 01223902091.  Their website is vague, I'm afraid you'll have to call them for their hours.  What else can I help you with today?
no that is it for now thanks|You're welcome. Have a good visit.
I'm looking for the university arms hotel. Can you give me more information about it?|The University Arms is an expensive, 4 star hotel in the city center.
great, please book it for 6 people and 5 nights starting from Friday|Your reservation for 6 people has been made at the University Arms for 5 days beginning Friday. Your reference number is WGV0Q6KV. Can I help with anything else?
Yes, what is a good place to see in the centre of town?|I found a few places do you want a free entrance fee?
No, I do not mind paying an entrance fee.|There are 44 places that meet your criteria, what type of attraction are you looking for?
Please pick your favorite one and then tell me the type, fee, and phone number associated with it|Old schools is an architecture	in the centre, phone is 01223332320, post code is, cb21tt and address is Trinity Lane, it is free to enter.
Great, thank you so much for the info. That will be all, goodbye.|Have a wonderful time.
Please help me book a train from Cambridge to Stanstead Airport.|When are you planning to travel?
Monday. I need to leave after 18:15|The earliest train after that time is TR7696 that leaves at 18:40 and arrives at the airport by 19:08. Would that work? Or, I have later trains.
Yes, the 18:40 would work, how much does it cost?|The price per ticket is 10.10 pounds. Would you like me to go ahead and book it for you? If so, for how many tickets?
That's OK, no thank you. Are there any nightclubs in town?|Yes there's 6 in the centre and 1 in the south.
What's the postcode for the one in the south?|The nightclub called the Place is located at the postcode cb23hg.
Yes, thank you.|Is there anything else I can do for you?
No thank you that is all.|enjoy your stay in cambridge!
Can you help me find a restaurant in the north that is cheap?|Sure! Would you like Indian or Italian food?
I would like Lebanese food.|I don't have any that match. Do you have any other prefences?
How about italian food then?|Sure. Da Vinci Pizzeria is a cheap Italian restaurant in the area. The address is 20 Milton Road Chesterton CB41JY and the phone number is 01223351707.
Would you mind making a reservation for Thursday at 17:15 please?|Okay! For how many people?
The reservation will be for 5 people|Your reservation for da vinci pizzeria on this thursday at 17:15 for a party of 5 was successful. Your Reference number is : UG63SDOH.
I am also looking for places to go in town in the same area as the restaurant.|I have four attractions and they include boat park and 2 swimming-pool. Which one will you prefer?
Whatever you recommend is fine. I'll need the entrance fee and attraction type.|Is there a certain type of attraction that you prefer?
Yes, please give me the entrance fee for the boat park.|I'm sorry, but the entrance fee for the boat park is unknown. Would you like the phone number?
no thanks, that will be all.|Thanks for using our service today!
I need help finding Williams Art and Antiques in Cambridge.|Sure, they are at Gwydir St, no. 5 Dale's Brewery. Phone number is: 01223311687 & postcode is cb12lj. It is a museum and entrance fee is free!
That's great! May I also have the area that Williams Art and Antiques is in?|It is in the centre of town. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
I need a train to broxbourne on thursday.|Alright, I have nineteen different trains going to Broxbourne on Thursday. Is there any specific time you want to leave or arrive by?
It needs to be anytime after 15:30.|I have a train leaving at 16:01 and arriving by 17:01. Would you like me to book that for you?
Yes please I need that for 4 people and can I get the reference number too?|Booking was successful for TR9531, the total fee is 71.59 GBP payable at the station. Your reference number is 6X1C0PQL. Can I assist you with anything else?
Great that's all that I should need, thank you!|You are welcome! Have a good day.
Is there a cinema in the North?|There are no cinemas to the North.
Is there a museum to the North?|There are no museums in the north but there is a park, would you like information about it?
No thank you but I do need a place to stay that has a star of 4 and in the moderate price range|There are several guesthouses available, Acorn guesthouse is highly recommended.  Shall I book a room for you?
Actually, I was looking for a 4 star hotel, not a guesthouse.|I'm sorry, there are no hotels that match your preferences.
How about a cheap one then I am not picky|The only thing I have that meets your criteria is a guesthouse called the Worth House. It is 4 star rated, in the north and cheap.
I really want a hotel. Are there any cheap ones in town?|How about The Cambridge Belfry, in the West part of town?
That will be fine.|Would you like me to book a reservation for you?
Yes, I need a reservation.|Thank you, I need to know the number of days, people and when you want to check in.
I'm looking for an entertainment attraction in the centre.  Can you suggest something for me?|I'm sorry, I'm afraid that I can't. If you're open to exploring other parts of town there's Funky Fun House in the east, and several others as well.
What is the entry fee?|i'm not sure what the entrance fee is but i could give you their phone number
That would be great. Can you also give me the postcode?|Okay, the phone number is 01223304705 and the post code is cb58hy. Anything else I can help you with?
Yes can you give me information on Express by Holiday Inn Cambridge?|It is an expensive hotel located in the east side of town with a 2-star rating. Do you want me to book it for you?
Yes please, I'll be arriving on Saturday with my lady friend and staying 2 nights.|Booking was successful your reference number is 1BUWNWOF. Is there anything else I can help with today?
Nope.  That is all I needed.  Thanks.|You're welcome. Have a great day!
I'm looking for a concert hall in the east.|I am sorry but there are no concert halls in the east. There is one in the centre of town, though. Do you want more information about it?
How about a museum in the east?|There are 4. Cambridge artworks, cambridge museum of technology, gallery at twelve high st, and st barnabas press gallery.
Thank you very much, could I have the phone number for each of those museums?|Cambridge Artworks' number is 01223902168, Cambridge Museum of Technology is 01223368650, Gallery at twelve a high street 01223295264, and Saint Barnabas Press Gallery 01223902116. Can I help you with anything else?
I'd like to get some information on a restaurant in the same area, maybe serving indian food?|We have 9 options in the centre for Indian food, any preference on price range?
I have no preference on the price range.|I would recommend Saffron Brasserie then, the atmosphere is fantastic. They are expensive. Would you like to make a reservation there?
Yes please. Book it for 2 on Wednesday at 11:45.|I was unable to make a reservation at the time you wanted. Would you like to try another time
Please try 10:45.|The booking for 10:45 was successful, your reference number is X91CKCCU. Is there anything else I can do for you?
I will need a taxi to go between the two places please.|Okay, when would you like to leave?
I would like to arrive at 10:45.|Where will you be departing from?
Cambridge Artworks please and going to Saffron Brasserie.|You are all set, look for a grey bmw, the phone number is 07332820178, can I assist with anything else?
No, thats it thanks!|I'm pleased I could assist you.
Thank you for your help!  Goodbye!|Thank you for contacting Cambridge TownInfo centre. Goodbye!
I'm looking for information on parks in Cambridge.|I have about 5 different parks available. Is there an area of the city you would prefer?
No preference really. Can you suggest one and provide me with the address please?|I recommend the Milton Country Park at milton country park, milton.
Thanks, what is the address?|The address is milton country park, milton. Is there anything else you would like to know?
Yes I am looking for a train on Saturday from Kings Lynn to Cambridge, departing after 21:15.|What day would you like to travel?
I'm leaving Saturday. I need a price and arrival time, please.|I would suggest Train ID TR8331 which leaves Kings Lynn at 22:11.  The price is 7.84 pounds and the duration is 47 minutes.
That's all I need. Thanks!|Your train was booked, this is the reference number : S8DQMEDD.  Have a great day!
I'm looking for a cheap guesthouse to stay in while I'm in town.|Do you have a preferred section of town?
Not really, but I want free wifi and it should be 4 star.|I have several places. Are you sure you do not have an area you prefer?
It doesn't matter which area it's in. Which would you recommend?|A lot of people like Autumn House in the east part of town, they're very economically priced. Would you like me to book you a room?
Great can you book that for 7 people for 4 nights starting tuesday?|I am afraid the hotel could not be booked. Is there another day you would like to book or maybe a shorter amount of time to stay?
Could you try it for 2 nights instead?|The booking was successful! Your reference number is PBU17G6I. Can I assist you with anything else?
No that is all I needed thank you very much! And enjoy the rest of the day!|I'm happy to help. Have a nice day too.
I am looking for information in Cambridge.|Are you looking for a place to stay, to eat, or a attraction to visit?
I would like to go to a museum the area doesn't matter.|We have many museums in Cambridge. Would you prefer one with a free entrance fee?
Which is your favorite, and what area is it in?|I like byard art. It's located in the south.
Sounds good. I am also looking for a train for tuesday.|I'd be happy to help you with that.  Can you tell me where you're leaving from and your preferred travel times?
I'll be going to cambridge from stansted airport. I'd like to arrive by 09:30.|The first train leaves at 5:24.
Ok, that will work out.  Can I have the train ID # please?  Thanks so much|The train ID is TR9892.
I think that should be it for today. Thank you so much for all of your help, you've been very kind!|Your welcome, enjoy your stay in cambridge.
Yes I am looking for colleges in town to go visit|In which area of town would you prefer?
I don't really have a preference.  Can you suggest a college and give me the postcode for it?|Sure, Clare College on Trinity Lane, postcode cb21tl, is very nice.  Can I help you find anything else today?
Yes, I need a train as well. It needs to leave Cambridge on Sunday.|Where should it be going?
I'm sorry, It needs to depart from leicester and go to cambridge.|Trains leave leicester on the :09 every hour, starting at 5:09 in the morning. What time would you like to travel?
I need to arrive in Cambridge by 15:30.|TR0104 would get you to Cambridge by 14:54, would you like me to book you passage?
Actually, that's ok. I will do that later. But can you please let me know what the travel time is?|The travel time is 105 minutes.
That's all I need. Thank you!|You're welcome. Thanks for contacting us, have an amazing day!
I need a train that goes from Broxbourne to Cambridge please.|What is your departure day and time?
I need to depart on Thursday and arrive by 08:30. I do not care when I depart.|TR5725 leaves at 0632 and arrives at 0732.  Would you like me to book?
Yes, Thank you.|I'd be happy to book that for you. How many tickets do you need?
Just one.  May I have the reference number for that?  I would also like information for visiting a park in the town center.|I've booked the train. Your reference number is DQL62WQR. There is one park in the centre - the cambridge university botanic gardens. What information are you interested in?
I would like the postcode, address and a phone number, please.|Postcode is cb21jf, address is bateman street, and phone number is 01223336265. Thank you
amazing, thank you!|Will there be anything else I can assist you with today?
No, looks like I have everything I need.  Thanks so much.  Bye.|Enjoy your trip and please do not hesitate to give me a call if you need further assistance.
Hey there, I'm looking for a train to Cambridge on Saturday|sure, what are your travel times?
I will be leaving after 20:45.|There are 35 trains that match your request. To better help you, I'll need to know where you'll be departing from and what time you want to arrive by.
Oh sillly me! I'm leaving from Bishops Stortford. Doesn't matter what time I arrive, just can't leave until 20:45|Okay I have a train that departs at 21:29. Shall I book it for you?
book for 5 people and get me reference number|Okay, great. Your booking was successful! Your reference number is ML7ZBHM1. Your total fee is 40.4 GBP which can be paid at the station.
Great I'm also looking for an attraction called kings hedges learner pool.|Yes the pool is located i the north and their phone number is 01223353248 and their address is Jedburgh Court, Kings Hedges.
Is there an entrance fee?|I do not have that information, unfortunately. Is there anything else that I can help you with?
No, I think you've covered everything.  Thank you so much for all your information.|You are welcome. Have a great day. Goodbye
Are there any places to go in the town centre?|there are plenty, anything in particular you are looking for?
Not especially, just kicking around the town centre for a few hours and looking for something to do.|Are you sure? We have so many different places to go - I'd love to get some more input from you.
I just want something to do in the centre of town, can you tell me what sort of places there are?|Sure. There is architecture, boating, the cinema, colleges, a concerthall, museums, nightclubs, parks, a swimmingpool and theatres.
Can you recommend a nightclub?|Club salsa is a nightclub in centre. Would you like their contact information?
Yes please. What's its entrance fee, contact number, and postcode?|Club Salsa has an entrance fee of 5 pounds. Their postcode is cb12jb, and their phone number is 07782218745. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No that is it, adios.|Have a great day, good bye.
Thanks for your help.|Give us a call should you need anything .
Hello, I'm in  the west and I am looking for a restaurant in the moderate price range. Can you please help me?|Sure, there are three: British, Indian and Italian are their respective cuisines.
What's the name of the Italian place?|have 2 listings one for meghna and one for prezzo.
I would like it to be Italian, and in the West please.|I found Prezzo on 21 - 24 Northampton Road.  Would you like me to book a table for you now?
book a table for 7 at 14:45 on saturday and get me a reference number|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.Reference number is : GW3LQPRE.
I also need the area and address of an attraction called Old Schools please.|Sure, it is in the centre area on trinity lane, postal is cb21tt, can I help with anything else?
No, that takes care of everything! Thanks!|You're welcome! Have a great day!
I am looking for a hotel in the north to stay in. Can you help me with this?|There are 13 hotels in the north. Do you want a guesthouse or a proper hotel?
I'm looking for a proper hotel, please. If it had free wifi, well, I wouldn't complain about that either.|The Ashley hotel is in the north and has both free internet and parking. Would you care to go here?
Yes, I want to  book it for 6 people and 5 nights starting from sunday. May I also have the reference number?|Alright, your room is booked for the Ashley Hotel for 5 nights with 6 people. Is there anything else I can do for you?
I would like to have the reference number for the room booking please.|The reference number is 75625428.  Anything else?
Yes.  I want to check out a college in the centre.|Cambridge has many colleges in the center of town. Downing College is nice, and it's free to get in.
That sounds great. Can I get the address and postcode?|It's in the centre of town and it's at cb21dq.
I would now like to book a taxi from my hotel at 06;15 going to the college.|I have confirmed your taxi a black lexus will be picking you up. Their contact number is 07864379890. Do you need further assistance?
Actually, can I get the street address of Downing College before we go?|The address for downing college is regent street. Have a great day.
What kind of places are there to go to in the west?|There are museums, colleges, and entertainment. What interests you?
Oh! I bet my boyfriend would love an entertainment place. Can you tell me a little about those?|Whale of a time is a great place in the west. Their address is unit 8, viking way, bar hill, postcode cb238el and phone number 01954781018.
We are also needing a place to stay. It's preferable that it's also in the west and has a 4 star rating.|Okay I have 3 different options. Are looking for something expensive or cheap?
Nothing too expensive but at least a 4 star.  I'd like it to be in a guest house too.|Finches bed and breakfast is a cheap, 4 star guest house in the west area. Would you like to reserve a room?
Sure, we will have 5 people staying 2 nights starting Thursday, please.|Your room has been reserved. The reference number is : UP0KSPLW.
I need a train for London Kings Cross to Cambridge.|OKay, what day and time are you looking to leave?
I want to leave Saturday after 10:45.|i recommend TR7223. can i book?
yeah, i need seven tickets.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 132.16 GBP payable at the station. Your reference number is : 26VNGN0I. Can I be of any further assistance today?
Can you find a place to in the centre?|The Williams Art and Antiques museum is located in the center. Would you like more information about this attraction?
Yes, I'd like to know the address, please.|Sure thing its on trinity street.
Alright that helped, thanks for your time. That's alls I needed to know.|It's been a pleasure. Good day.
Are there any available rooms in the Autumn House?|Autumn house has a guesthouse. When are you looking to stay?
Maybe.  What is the star rating and price range on that hotel?|it has four stars and its cheap
I am also looking for Cambridge Contemporary Art.|Sure, I have found it for you. Is there anything you want to know about?
Can you give me their entrance fee and phone number?|no problem. Their phone number is 01223324222 and the entrance fee is free.
Awesome. Can you also help me to book a taxi from the hotel to the attraction? I want to leave the hotel by 24:45.|You are all set. Your taxi would be a red lexus and you can contact them at 07614169632. Is there anything else I can help?
That's all i need. Thank you so much for the help!|You're welcome. Enjoy your stay.
I am looking for a restaurant serving seafood, in the center of the town.|Loch Fyne offers seafood in the city centre. Would you like me to book you a table?
No, I want expensive Italian food instead.|No problem!  I found four restaurants for you to chose from.  Would you like for me to make a reservation at one of them?
Yes I need a table for 8 Sunday at 16:45.|ok, first let's verify which restaurant you would like out of the four.
Please give me the names of the 4 choices and I'll make my selection.  Needs to be an expensive Italian restaurant in the Centre.  Thanks!|stazione restaurant and coffee bar, don pasquale pizzeria, clowns cafe, caffe uno
I would like to book a reservation for 8 on Sunday at 16:45 at Stazione Restaurant and coffee bar.|This has been booked. Anything else I could help you with ?
Can I please get the reference number and then can you help me find some places to go near the restaurant?|Apologies, the reference number is : AY05TZJQ. I have 44 places that I can recommend near the restaurant. Do you have any type of preferences?
Im sorry for being so loop, how about a college in that area, whatever you recommend.|There are 13 colleges in the centre, but I personally recommend corpus christi. Can I do anything else for you?
I also need to book a taxi.|For the taxi, please specify a place of departure, a destination, and a time by which to leave or arrive
I would be leaving the restaurant.|Your taxi is booked. Your car type is a grey tesla and the contact number is 07621703476
I will be need a taxi also to get from Corpus Christi College to the restaurant.|Your taxi is booked. Your car type is a grey tesla and the contact number is 07621703476
Just one more thing. What is the entrance fee for the college?|The entrance fee for Corpus Christi College is 2 pounds.
Thanks, I'm good to go now. I appreciate your help, bye!|Have a wonderful trip.
I am looking for somwhere to go in the centre.|Are you looking for an attraction or a restaurant?
I'm looking for multiple sports in the centre please.|Unfortunately, I don't have any listings for centre.  How about in the east area?
Do you have any type of museums in the centre? If you do, I need the phone number, too.|I have about 11 different museums. Might I suggest the Primavera. It has a large variety of excellent exhibits. They also offer free admission.
Sounds great! Could I get the phone number?|Absolutely!  The phone number for Primavera is 01223357708.  Can I help you with anything else?
I need to book a train to arrive in Cambridge by 13:00.|OK, where from? And what day are you traveling?
I need the train for 8 people leaving from Peterborough and arriving in Cambridge before 13:00.  Once you have the booking, can you send me the reference number?|On what day did you need the train?
I would need the train on Friday.|There is a train that leaves at 05:19. The ID is TR1662. Would you like me to book at ticket for you?
Yes, for 8 people. I will need a reference number, thanks!|I got 8 tickets for you the reference number is TJTTPUV3. 132 GBP is the total and can be paid at the station when you get there. Anything else?
I think that will be all for today. Thank you.|You're welcome. Have a nice day.
I need to go to the stansted airport on wednesday.|Are you looking to go by train or taxi?
Train leaving cambridge going to stansted airport on wednesday anytime after 18:45|We have a train leaving cambridge at 19:40 arriving at stansted airport at 20:08. Should I book seats for you?
No, not at this time. I would like to know the travel time and price, please?|TR2694 leaves at 19:40	and costs 10.10 pounds
Great, thanks.  I also am interested in the People's portraits exhibition at the Girton College, can you tell me more about that?|It's located in the west of town and is free of charge.  Their phone number is 01223338901.  Can I help you with anything else?
Could you tell me if they have an entrance fee?|There is no entrance fee for the people's portraits exhibition at girton college
What type of attraction is is?|people's portraits exhibition at girton college is a museum in the west area of town. Their address is girton college, huntingdon road. Can I help with anything else?
that will be all, thanks!|Happy to be of service - enjoy your day!
Hi, i want to find out about the man on the moon attraction please.|the man on the moon is a concerthall found in the center of town. Do you need their address and contact details?
Yes can I get the postcode, and it's a concerthall you said?|Yes it is a concert hall and the postcode is cb12lf.
Excellent, I also need a cheap guesthouse, please.|Alexander bed and breakfast	is in the cheap price range in the centre of town.
I need free parking and wifi.|Alexander B & B has both free wifi and parking. It also has 4 stars! Would you like to make a booking there?
Yes, please. For 6 people for 3 nights starting on tuesday|I'm afraid I couldn't get you that booking. Would you like me to try another place or a shorter stay?
How about for 2 nights instead?|I'm afraid that booking was also unsuccessful. Would you like to try a shorter stay or another hotel or guesthouse?
Please try for one night.|I was successful in booking 1 night at alexander bed and breakfast on tuesday for 6 people.  your reference number is  R6FET1MJ.  Can I help with anything else?
No that was it. Thank you so much for your help.|I'm pleased I could assist  you.
I am looking for a restaurant in the centre of town.|There are 69 restaurants in the centre. Is there a specific type of cuisine or price range you are looking for?
I am looking for an expensive restaurant in the centre, type of food does not matter but I need a table for 7 people for Tuesday at 13:15.|Unfortunately there is no vacancy on that day at that time. Can we try another day or time?
Could we try for Tuesday at 12:15 please.|I made a reservation at Bedouin, an African restaurant, for 7 people on Tuesday at 12:15.  Your reservation number is PN95JSUF.  Is there anything else?
Yes, I'm looking for a particular attraction called Whale of a Time.  Do you have any information on it?|Yes, Whale of a Time is located in the west part of town, phone number is 01954781018. Any other questions?
Could I have the postcode, address, and entrance fee?|The postcode is cb238el, address is unit 8, viking way, bar hill and there is not an entrance fee listed. Can I help you with anything else?
Yes, can you book me a taxi between those two? I'd like to arrive at the restaurant in time for my reservation please.|I have booked a Yellow Tesla for you and you will arrive at the restaurant by 12:15.  The contact number for the taxi is 07916644539.  Is there anything else?
No, that should do it, thanks!|Thank you for using Cambridge TownInfo centre. Have a great day!
I need to take a train on Saturday|I can help you with that. Where are you headed, and at what time?
I'm headed to cambridge and the train needs to leave after 9:45.|I have found 149 trains available. Where are you departing from?
I would like to depart from stansted airport.  Can you book me a train for 3 people and provide a reference number?|Sure, the train leaves at 10:24, Reference number is MEFVDBWF. What else can I help with today?
I am looking for the Cambridge Book and Print Gallery|The Cambridge Book and Print Gallery is a museum in the west area, located at 49 Newnham Road.
That'll be everything. Thank you!|You are welcome, goodbye.
I am looking for a train leaving on Saturday.|There are several trains leaving on Sunday. Do you have a departure/destination in mind?
The train should depart from cambridge and arrive in standsted airport.|I have 19 trains leaving Cambridge for Standsted on Saturday. Did you have a particular departure time in mind?
I don't have a departure time in stone, but I need to arrive by 17:15.|The TR2001 is the last train of the day and arrives at 17:08. The train before it is TR0638 and arrives at 16:08. Do you want me to book one for you?
Yes, please book the TR0638. I need 7 tickets.|Your tickets are reserved. That reference number is 6J063KBL.
Alright, since I'm going to be in the city centre for awhile, could you tell me of any interesting places there?|There are several beautiful churches near the centre, all well known and valued for their beautiful architectural styles.  Is that something you might be interested in?
What's your favorite one? I trust your judgment - let me know the best one's address, postcode, and attraction type, please.|I would suggest All Saints Church for it's amazing architecture type. It's address is on Jesus Lane with a postcode of cb58bs. Make sure you check out that stained glass!
Wonderful, I am really looking forward to it! That's all I'll need for today!|Have a nice day.
i am  looking for a place to stay. it should be a 4 star and expensive|There are 2 4 star hotels in the area. Huntington Marriott Hotel in the west and University Arms Hotel in the centre.
I was hoping for something in the east with free wifi.|There are no hotels meeting these requirements.
Okay, can you check for one that falls in the cheap price range instead?|I have 3 guesthouses in the cheap price range, allenbell, autumn house and leverton house. Would you be interested in one of these?
Sure, I would like Autumn House and I need to book it for 8 people, 5 nights, and the stay starting on Wednesday please.|Okay your booking was successful! Your reference number is KDFTBEWW. Can I help you with anything else?
Yes, i am looking for places to visit near my hotel. Any recommendations?|If you like museums, then I recommend cambridge artworks. It is free to enter.
Great, can you please provide the address.|The address is 5 greens road. Is there anything else I can help you with?
That is all I need today, thank you.|Have a wonderful time.
Thank You. Goodbye!|Glad we could help, have a great day!
Thankyou, I am looking for a trian that leaves on friday. I am also wanting it to leave after 12:30.|The TR3685 leaves at 13:00.  Need a ticket?
That is going to stevenage, correct?|No it is going to london kings cross, do you need to go to stevenage?
Yes, I must go to Stevenage.  How much is a ticket?|The cost is 12.80 pounds for all trains leaving Cambridge to Stevenage on Friday.  Would you like to book a seat?
First tell me about the attractions in town in the west.|What kind of attraction are you interested in?
It should be in the west part of town.|There are about 13 attractions in the west. I have several colleges, museums, and one entertainment attraction. Which would you prefer?
I'm not picky, choose one for me!|How about Churchill College?  Does that sound interesting?
That sounds great. Can you get me the address and the entrance fee?|It is located on storey's way. There is no entrance fee! Do you need help with anything else?
No thanks, I am all set.|Happy to be of help. Goodbye.
Hi, I'm looking for some information about the Cambridge Corn Exchange.|Hello, the Cambridge Corn Exchange is a theatre located on Wheeler Street, in the Centre area. Is there anything else that I can help you with?
Yes, can I get the attraction type, the phone number, and the address please?  This sounds like it would be a great place!|It's a theatre on Wheeler Street; their phone number is 01223357851.
Thank you! I'm also looking for information on the Gonville Hotel.|The gonville Hotel is a 3 start hotel in the centre of town in the expensive price range. Would you like more information?
Yes please, do they offer free wifi and parking?|Yes, they offer free Internet and parking.
Thank you. That is all the information I need at this time.|Your welcome. Have a great day, goodbye.
I am planning a trip in Cambridge|I can help you with that. Are you wanting to come in by train?
I'm actually just looking for places to go in the centre.|Are you looking for a specific type of attraction?
I believe I'd like something in the entertainment area. Is there anything like that?|There are no options in the centre. Would you like to try another area?
Is there anything interesting going on near the college?|I don't have information on events only attractions.  Are you interested in visiting a college?
Yes please. I need the phone number of a college that you recommend.|I recommend Clare Hall in the west. Their phone number is 01223332360. Anything else I can help with?
I also need train tickets.|what is your destination and what time would you like to arrive?
I would like to arrive by 17:15.|What day will you travel?
I will be traveling on Thursday.|Can you tell me your departure and destination cities please?
Oh, silly me! I guess that information would help, wouldn't it? I need to depart from peterborough and arrive in cambridge, please.|Okay. The TR2526 would meet your criteria. Would you like to book tickets? If so, how many tickets would you like?
What is the total travel time for train TR4526?|the travel time is 50 minutes
That is all I need, thank you, goodbye!|No problem. Have a great day.
Can you give me info on four start places, It doesn;t matter if they have free wifi or not.|There are several 4 star hotels in Cambridge. Is there a specific area you are interested in?
Yes, I'd like to stay in the city center. I will be driving there.|Do you have a star or price preference?
I would like a 4 star.|There's a hotel and a guesthouse that meet your criteria and since you're driving, both offer parking. Would you like me to make you reservations at one of them?
Could you book the hotel for 8 people for 2 nights starting Monday?|Booking was successful. Reference number is : F4RNCHZA. You will be staying at the University Arms Hotel. Is there anything more I can do for you?
Looking for places to go in the same area as the hotel, possibly a concerthall.|There is only one concert hall in town.  The Man on the Moon is located in the centre.
Well I guess that's where I'll be then. Can you tell me the address and entrance fee?|Of course. The address is 2 Norfolk Street. I'm afraid that the entrance fee is not listed. Can I help you with anything else today?
Yes, I also need a taxi to leave the attraction please.|And where are you headed?
To my hotel.  I want to leave the attraction by 08:45 please.|The car will be a black tesla and their contact number is 07060826404. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
That is all I needed.  You were very helpful.|Thank you for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Goodbye.
I would like a hotel while in cambridge. It doesn't need parking or internet.|We have a few choices to pick from, any preferences on pricing or area?
The price doesn't matter are there any 3 star places available?|the lensfield hotel is a 3 star hotel in the south and gonville hotel is a 3 star hotel in the centre
What is the price range and phone number of the gonville hotel?|The phone number is 01223366611. It is expensive.
Thanks!  I also want to ride on a boat, is that something you can help with?  I would like to do this in the south area of town.|No boats in that area, is there another location you have in mind?
Hmmm...how about a nightclub, instead?|There is the place their address is 22 sidney street and number is 01223324600. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Was there an entrance fee to that nightclub?|The entrance fee is not available. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Yes, I also need a taxi. I need to leave the hotel by 07:30.|Okay, I've got you book in a black lexus with Contact number 07490949646.
Thank you so much. That's all I need for today. Good-bye.|Ok. I hope you enjoy your trip.
I wish to go to a swimmingpool in Cambridge.|I have four different swimming pools I can recommend. First, can you specify if you prefer the centre, east, or north area?
Can you tell me the address and phone number for the one in the center of town?|The address is gonville place and their phone number is 01223446100
Thanks.  I also need to check on trains.  I need to travel on Wednesday.|There are many trains fitting your criteria. Can you give me departure site, destination, and time preferences?
I need to leave london liverpool street and be in cambridge by 21:00.|There are 8 trains that would work on Wednesday. Do you have a departure time in mind? You could leave london as early as 07:39 or as late as 17:39.
I don't care about the departure time so please give me the ID and price of any one of those trains.|Okay, the trainID is TR7020 and the price is 16.60 pounds.
I would like to book that train. Thank You|The train booking is confirmed, number KJ1FLZL5 is your confirmation number. The fee is 16.6 GBP.  Anything else I can help you with?
No, that will be everything. Goodbye.|Thank you for contacting Cambridge TownInfo Centre!  Have a great day!
I'm looking for a hotel in the moderate price range. I definitely want a hotel, not a guesthouse.|Of course. There are two hotels in the north and one in the centre of town. Do you have a preference?
Is there anything to the west, preferably with a 4 star rating?|I'm sorry but nothing exists in the north with a 4 star rateing in the moderate price range. Could we try another area?
is there one in the cheap range?|No, there is not.
Oh goodness.  Can you check once again for a hotel, star 4, in the west.  Cheap is fine.|The cambridge belfry is located at back lane, cambourne. Do you need more information or would you like to book now?
Yeah book for 5 people|For how many days?
Will this start on Friday?|Ok i'm sorry but i'm confused. Would you like reservations? What day will it start? How many people?
I'm sorry for the confusion. I would like a reservation for five people for four nights, beginning Friday, at the Cambridge Belfry.|You are all booked and your reservation number is L76Y47ZV
Thank you for the reservation. I am also looking for a lovely park in north Cambridge.|I would suggest Milton country park.
What is the address and phone number?|The phone number is 01223420060.
I also need a taxi between the two places.|Please give me the travel time, departure location and arrival location.
i want to leave the hotel by 4:30|What time do you need to leave the restaurant by?
I want to be pickup at at the hotel by 4:30.|Great your booking is complete. You will be picked up in a grey BMW by 4:30 at The Cambridge Belfry and dropped off at the Milton Country Park.
Do you have their contact number?|Their contact number is 07055906987. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
That will be all for today. Have a great day. Goodbye.|Thank you for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Goodbye.
i am looking for a particular attraction. Its name is called the place.|The Place is a nightclub located at 22 sidney street.
Can you get me phone number please, thank you|Sure thing, that's 01223324600.
Thanks. I am also looking for a hotel room.|Yes what area would you like to stay in and what price range are you considering?
The hotel should be in the type of hotel and doesn't need to include internet.
The hotel doesn't need to have free parking. price doesn't matter.|How about the Cityroomz?  It's a hotel in the moderate price range.  It's located at Sleeperz hotel, station road.  Would that work?  Can I book it?
I don't need you to book it thank you.|ok, anything else i can help you with?
Sorry, I am changing my mind. Please book Cityroomz for 4 nights starting on Saturday, for 8 people. Thanks.|You have been booked for Cityroomz. Your reference number is HAGWQ5KE.
Thanks a lot for all your help!|you are welcome all the time
okay goodbye|Bye! I hope you have a lovely stay!
I need info on attractions in the center of the town.|What type of attraction are you looking to attend?
I'm not sure.  Can you recommend one for me?|I recommend  old school architecture. it is  located in trinity lane. can i give you the address?
Yes I would like the ostcode and phone number as well. Can you find a me a train departing cambridge on wednesday?|Old Schools, Trinity Lane, cb21tt.  The phone number is 01223332320.  As for the train, which station will you be traveling to?
I am going to Kings Lynn.|I will book it for you,is there anything else I can do for you ?
I would like to take a train that departs from stansted airport on Thursday.|I can find information on that for you.  Just to confirm, are you travelling to Cambridge?  And, what time frame do you prefer?
I am going to Cambridge and want to leave after 12:45.|I have train TR3720 leaving at 13:24 is that okay with you?
Yes can you book that for me please?|Yes I've booked it and your reference number is 9NZD8HCW.  Is there anything else I can help with?
You booked for 1 ticket, correct? And also, can you help me find a place to visit in the centre of town?|Yes I did. Yes, what sort of place would you like to see?
Anything in the centre is fine with me, whatever place that you recommend.|I would suggest the old schools.
That is fine. I need the attraction type, entrance fee and address.|How about Clare Hall? It's a college with free admission, and it is located on Herschel Road.
Got it. Thanks a lot. That's all the Help I need today.|Glad I could help, enjoy your trip.
I'd like to find an expensive restaurant on the south side of town.|Do you have a food type preference?
Yes. Chinese, please.|Peking restaurant is in the south and in the expensive price range. Would you like to reserve a table?
Reserve a table for 4 please.|For which day and time would you like?
Monday at 19:30 would be perfect.|I have made your reservation for Monday with reference #Y7I4EMPO. Can I help you any further?
I'm also looking for some entertainment in the same area as the restaurant.|I have 2 great options for entertainment venues in the south. One is Nusha and the other is Tenpin. But, if you don't mind a suggestion I would say Nusha.
Sounds good. I need the address and phone number for them too.|Okay, Nusha is located on Unit g6, Cambridge Leisure Park, Clifton Road and phone number is 01223902158. Tenpin is located on Cambridge Leisure Park, Clifton Way and phone number is 08715501010.
Thank you so much for your help. Can we also look at 4 star hotels in the same area?|What price range would you like?
Forget the hotels. That's all the information I need today. Thanks for all your help.|To be clear you don't need me to look up any other information for you?
I don't need anything other than the restaurant and the attractions. Thank you for your assistance. Goodbye.|You're welcome. Enjoy your stay! Goodbye
Yes I am looking for a hotel on the North side of town. I am not needing parking.|There are two guesthouses meeting your requirements. Would you prefer the 3 or 4 star one?
I need it to be moderately priced with a 2 star rating. Are either one of them fit this description?|Both hotels are moderately priced, but there are no 2 star ratings. Do you want to try a different rating?
Are there any with 2 stars that offer free parking?|Yes, there are two guesthouses available with free parking, one with internet and one without.  Do you have a preference?
I would like one without the internet.|I'm sorry, there has been a mix up. There are two 2 star hotels available, the Ashley and the Lovell Lodge. They are both hotels and have internet and free parking.
Let's go with Ashley. Book that for 8 people for 3 nights starting from saturday.|Ok, I have booked your reservation at the Ashley hotel for 8 people 3 nights starting Saturday, Your confirmation number is P94ETSL1.
I'm looking to go someplace in town. Maybe for entertainment. Do you have any recommendations?|We have serveal entertainment attractions. Would you like to try the funky fun house?
That sounds funky. Sure.|The number there is 01223304705 and it's on 8 Mercer's Row.  Anything else?
What's the entrance fee?|I have no information in my system about their entrance fee.  You are welcome to call them and see if they can provide you with that detail.
I will need a taxi to take me from the Funky Fun house to my hotel.|I would be happy to help you get a taxi, what time would you like to leave funky fun house?
I want to leave by 01:30.|I was able to book a taxi for you from Funky Fun House to Ashley Hotel. It is a white BMW and the contact number is 07616230310.
okay, that should be all! thank you so much for your assistance!|It was my pleasure to assist you. Call us again anytime. Have a good day.
I'm looking to go to a theatre in town. Can you help me find one?|Is there a location preference? Center, or south?
No preference. Where would you recommend?|I would recommend the Cambridge Arts Theatre.  It is in the city Centre.
Can I get the phone number,area and postcode please?|They are in the centre, 6 saint Edward's Passage. Postcode, cb23pj. Phone is 01223503333. Anything else?
I am also looking for a train on Monday headed to Bisheops Stortford.|The earliest train departing Cambridge for Bishops Stortford is at 15:29. Is this acceptable or would you like a later train?
I would like to leave after 11:00. Do you have a departure at that time or close to it? Please provide the train ID.|I have an 11:29 with train TR928 does that work for you?
I think that is all I need. Thank you.|You're very welcome! Have a great day!
I'm looking for places to go in the centre of Cambridge.|There are 44 different things to do in the centre of Cambridge.  Can you help me narrow it down by type of activity or attraction?
What's the postcode for your favorite one?|My personal favorite is holy trinity church. They are on market st and the postcode is cb23nz. Anything else I can help you with today?
I also need to book a train.|i have plenty of trains, can i get more information please?
I need to leave on sunday after 12:30 from cambridge to stevenage|The first train after 12:30 is the TR0523, which leaves Cambridge at 13:21.
Great, can I get two tickets on it, please?|I've booked two tickets for the TR0523 train, and your reference number is R6GCVVA0. Can I help you with anything else today?
No, thank you. You've been very helpful! Goodbye.|Thank you for contacting Cambridge TownInfo centre.  I hope you have a pleasant trip!  Goodbye!
I am looking for a place to stay that has free wifi.|Do you have any other preferences, such as a price range or a particular part of town?
Indeed I do. I'd like a hotel in the expensive price range that's on the west side of town. The hotel should have a 4 star rating.|Yes, the Huntingdon Marriott Hotel is a match! Would you like me to book a room?
So that's a hotel and not a guesthouse? And do they have free parking?|Yes, it's a hotel that has free parking. Should I make a booking for you?
No thank you.  I also would like a place to go in town.|I see many art galleries and museums in that part of town, do you have a preference for one over the other?
I am looking for a college.|There are several colleges,what part of town would you like ?
It doesn't matter, pick one for me?  I'll just need the address.|Okay, I suggest clare hall. It is in the west. The address is herschel road. Entrance is free.
Thanks. Now I just need a taxi to pick me up at 22:00 from the Huntingdon Marriott and take me to Clare Hall. I'll need car type and contact number|Your car is booked. The care type is a blue toyota. Your contact number is 07372726556
Thank you. That is it for now.|You're welcome! Have a wonderful day!
Hi! I'm looking for someplace to go in the centre.|Sure! Do you have any idea what you want to do?
It doesn't matter.  I just need a phone number and entrance fee.|I would recommend Great Saint Mary's Church.  The phone number is 01223350914, and the fee is 2 pounds.
I also need a hotel with free wifi and e a 2 star|Three places meet your needs, but two are in the north and one in the east, did you want me to go with those or run another search?
It should be a guesthouse and very expensive|Nothing fits all of that criteria. Would you like me to find you hotels that are expensive, have more than 2 stars, and are guesthouses?
yeah, check hotels instead of guesthouses|Express by hoilday inn cambridge is a hotel in the easy, as 2 star rating and is expensive
Awesome. Thanks. Can you book that for me?|Sure, what day do you want to begin your stay? How many days do you want to stay and how many people?
Three people starting on saturday for four nights please.  I also need a reference number.|Your reservation for 3 people at express by holiday inn cambridge this Saturday for 5 days 4 nights was successful. Your Reference number is : 3OTVBMSS.
That sounds great, thank you!|May I help you with anything else ?
Thank you for booking that hotel stay for me. That will be all for today.|Enjoy your stay, goodbye!
i am looking for somewhere to go in the centre of Cambridge|Oh, I suggest my favorite!  It's Holy Trinity Church, beautiful architecture, and it's located on Market Street.  It's free.  Would you like their phone number?
No, Is that a museum or a church.|It's actually not a museum, but considered an architecture attraction. Were you interested in a specific type of attraction?
no. also find me  a hotel by the name warkworth house|The Warkworth House is a guesthouse in the East, it's moderately priced and rated 4 stars.  I would love to assist you in booking a room if you would like?
Yes, please. Can you reserve a room for Monday for 5 people, 3 nights?|Yes your reference number is 53LJQ4H6.
Thanks! Can you suggest to me something to visit that isn't a church or architecture? Maybe a museum or a park?|There are 5 parks in town. Did you have a certain area you prefer?
I think we would like it to be in the centre of town please.|Cambridge university botanic gardens is a beautiful park. Its located at bateman street, costs 4 pounds to get in. Phone 01223336265, cb21jf. Will you need transportation? A train, taxi or bus?
Actually, I will need to book lodgings as well.|I have you at the Warlworth house. Would you like to change the reservations?
No. That's perfect! Thanks for your help. Good bye.|have a good day
I'm looking for a train.|Let's start with where you are departing from and where you are going?
Departing from ely to cambridge.|There are quite a few trains from Ely to Cambridge. On what day will you be traveling, and at what time would you like to depart?
It's on Tuesday. I need to arrive by 9:30 and need to book for 7 people. Could I also get the reference number too?|Ok I have booked you on TR6971 leaving Ely at 7:35, arriving at cambridge by 7:52 for 7 people.  Reference number AQRMT6Q9.  Anything else I can help with?
One more thing.  Can you give me information about an attraction called Ruskin Gallery?|It's a free museum in the city centre, located at anglia ruskin university, east road. Anything else I can help with?
What is the phone number for there?|Phone # is 01245493131. Anything else I can do for you?
That was all I needed today. Thank you.|You're welcome, have a nice day.
I'm looking for information.  I need to find some places to go in town.|I can help with that! Cambridge has lots of different attractions do you have a specific type in mind?
Yes, I'd like to visit an entertainment attraction.|Are you looking for one in a particular area?
it should be in the south.|how about tenpin? it's located in the south.
That should work then. Can I get their address and postcode please?|tenpin is located at cambridge leisure park, clifton way, posrtcode cb17dy.  I do not have fee information, but they can be reached at 0871550101.
Can you book it for me and get a reference number ?|There is no option for me to book it. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I am also looking for a hotel to stay out in the moderate price range, it also needs to have free parking.|Well, I have a couple of choices for a moderate hotel. They're both in the north and have two stars (and free parking). One is the Ashley Hotel and the other is Lovell Lodge. Do you have a preference?
I'll do the Ashley Hotel. I need a room for 5 nights starting on Monday.|Great! How many people will be staying?
It's just me|So just 1 person?
Yeah, like I said, it will just be me staying.|Your booking was successful. The reference number is : 9AA41TBM. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Thanks, I also need a taxi to get from the hotel and the attraction.|When would you like to leave ashley hotel or arrive at tenpin?
I need to arrive by 21:45.|Booking completed! Lookout for a blue volkswagen, contact number 07652098253. Is there anything else I can help with?
No that's everything for me. Thank you!|You are more than welcome! good bye.
I'm just looking for a hotel called Leverton House.|That's an excellent 4 star hotel. Would you like to book a reservation?
Do they have free parking available?|Yes, it does have free parking.
Please give me information on the star rating and their number.|01223292094 is their phone number. it has 4 stars.
Can you also provide me with their address please?|Sure. Their address is 732-734 newmarket road. Is there anything else I can help with?
Yes, I am looking for a theatre.  Possibly in the centre.|Sure, I enjoy The Cambridge Arts Theatre at 6 Saint Edward's Passage.  It is free, which is a plus.
Perfect, could I have the phone number please?|Sure!  The phone number is 01223503333.
I would like to  book a taxi to commute between the two places.
I want to leave the hotel by 05:45.|I have your taxi booked. It will be a black Audi and the contact number is 07242534266. Will there be anything else?
No,that is all. Thank you!|thank you goodbye
I'm looking for places to go see good architecture in the centre of the city.|There are 4 churches and a school with excellent architecture. Any preference?
Can you recommend one? I'd like the entrance fee and the phone number, please.|Old schools is nice. The phone number is 01223332320 and it's free to get it.
I am also looking for a place to stay in the north? Can you tell me some hotels in the north?|There are two hotels in the north end. Ashley Hotel and Lovell Lodge.
What is the cost per night?|They are both in the moderate price range.
If there are not any cheap hotels in that location then one of the moderately priced hotels will be fine.|There are two cheap guesthouses in the north, if you would prefer a guesthouse to a hotel. Otherwise, which of the two hotels would you like to reserve?
I need a hotel, so I will go with Ashley Hotel if it is in the moderate price range. I need to book for 5 nights.|Okay, how many people will be in your group, and which day would you like to begin your stay?
I will have 4 people. I want 5 nights starting from Sunday please.|I'm sorry, those days are unavailable. Can you perhaps shorten your stay or change the day?
How about 2 nights instead?|I've made a successful reservation for two nights at the Ashley Hotel. The reference number is GGM7TFLP.
Okay, I think that's all I need. Thanks for your help!|We are happy to help. Thank you for using our service. Have we met all of your needs?
Yes indeed. Bye now.|Okay thank you for using our service.
I'm looking for some kind of specific places to go later today.|There is so much to do here, what part of town are you in?
I'm in the centre.  How about something architecture?|We have 5 options for you. Great Saint Mary's Church is 2 pounds and located on Market Square. I also have All Saints Church on Jesus Lane with free admission.
All saints church would be nice. Could I get a phone number for them?|Sure. Their phone number is 01223452587.
Can you locate me an Irish restaurant near the church?|I am not able to access that information, is there anything else I can help with?
Yes, I am looking for a particular hotel, lovell lodge.|It's a 2 star moderately priced hotel in the north. Would you like the address and a room?
Can you book me a taxi from Lovell Lodge to All Saints Church? I want to leave by 07:15.|I have booked your taxi. Be expecting a red Volkswagen. If you need to reach them, please call 07250174829.
Thank you so much for all of your help.  I'm done now.|You are welcome.  Have a nice time in Cambridge.  Bye.
I would like some information on places to stay in Cambridge. I prefer a guesthouse that includes free wifi, parking does not matter.|I have many options for you! Which area of town do you prefer? And do you have a preferred price range?
I would like to stay in the moderate price range.|I'd recommend Avalon. It's located in the north, is moderately priced, and has internet. Would you like to make a booking?
I would also like to go to a museum.|I recommend the Cambridge Artworks museum located in the East area.  The entrance fee is Free.  Would you like the address?
I'm sorry for jumping ahead. I do want to book the guesthouse starting Tuesday for 5 people staying 2 nights.|Great. You're all booked. The reference number is 7H3I38KW.
Thanks. Now could I get the phone number for Cambridge Artworks please?|Their phone number is 01223902168. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Yes, I'm looking for somewhere to go in town to kill a few hours.|Cambridge artworks is nice. It is located at 5 greens road, in the east area.
Okay, can you get a taxi for me? I want to depart the attraction at 12:00 and go to the hotel. Please give me car type and contact number|I have booked that taxi service for you. They will be in a yellow telsa and a number to reach them is 07644001089.
.
OK, great, thanks.  That is all.|You are welcome, enjoy your stay in Cambridge.
I feel like visiting a museum, find me one please|We have lots!  What part of town will you be in?
I don't have a preference. Can you recommend one and provide info on it?|cambridge artworks in the east is rather nice. It has free admission and is located at 5 greens road. Is there any other information I can provide?
No, that is fine. I also need a train that should arrive by 11:15 and should leave on saturday.|Did you have a departure site or destination in mind?
Oh duh, sorry! I jumped the gun there! I'd like to go to Cambridge from London Kings Cross.|TR4824 leaves london kings cross at 9:17 and arrives at 10:08. Would you like to book tickets?
How much would the ticket cost?|The cost of a ticket is 18.88 pounds. Would you like me to book you a ticket?
Not right now, but could you give me the estimated travel time for the train trip?|The travel time for TR4824 is 51 minutes.
cool that's all i need thanks|thanks for inquiring from us. have a great day
Thank you for helping me today.|And thank you for contacting the Cambridge TownInfo Centre. Take care!
i need a place to go which is in the south and should be in type of a park|You can visit Sheep's Green and Lammas Land Park Fen Causeway or Wandlebury County Park. Both are free to visit. Which would you prefer?
How about sheep's green and get me the address please.|sheep's green and lammas land park fen causeway is located at fen causeway, newnham road
I also need a place to stay. I think I'd like a guesthouse with free wifi.|I'd love to help you with this.  There are 23 guest houses in the area.  Can you give me any more information about where you want to stay?
The hotel should include free wifi and should be in the type of guesthouse.|What are would you like to stay in?
The area doesn't matter to me.|How about hobsons house? It's moderately priced and has 3 stars.
Is there free parking?|Yes there is. Would you like me to book a room for you?
No, thanks. I'm just looking for the address, postcode.|Sure, it is at 96 Barton Road, postcode cb39lh.  Can I help with anything else today?
No thanks. I think that's all I needed. Have a great day. Goodbye.|Have a wonderful stay.
I am planning a trip to Cambridge and I would like to know nice places to visit in the North.|I have 4 attractions in the north. Two of them are swimming pools, one is a park and one is a boating attraction. Do you have a preference?
What is the entrance fee for the boating attraction?|There is no entrance fee listed. I can give you their phone number if you would like?
No thanks, I need to find a train leaving from cambridge next.|Okay.  Where are you looking to go to?
I'm headed to Leicester.|Did you have a particular day and time in mind?
I will be traveling on Thursday and I need to leave sometime after 15:00.|The first train after that time on Thursday is the TR9839, leaving Cambridge at 15:21, arriving in Leicester at 17:06. Would you like to book a ticket?
Yes, please book a ticket for one.|I booked a seat for you on TR9839.  You can pay the 37.79 GBP due at the station.  Reference number X6S3FKEF.  Is there anything else today?
No, you have helped me tremendously.  Thank you!|Thank you for using our system today!
I'm looking for a guesthouse style place to stay. It needs to have free parking.|There are many guesthouses that meet this criteria. Is there a specific area you would like to stay in?
I would like to stay in the West|I have 2 guesthouses matching your criteria. The Finches Bed and Breakfast guesthouse is 4 stars and includes free parking and internet. Would you be interested in this?
I am looking for a guesthouse with 0 stars.|I'm sorry, I can't find a guesthouse that meets those specifications. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Is there one in the north?|Yes, the city centre north b and b is a zero star guest house in the north, with free parking and free wifi. Would you like it booked?
Not yet. Can I get the phone number for the hotel first?|Yes, the number is 01223312843
Could you tell me what price range that hotel is in?|city centre north b and b is priced as a cheap hotel.
I am looking for some places to go in the east of multiple sports. Can you help?|The Cherry Hinton Village Centre sounds like exactly what you're looking for. Their phone number is 01223576412.
I need a taxi to commute between the two. Can you help?|When would you like to leave/arrive by?
I will be needing to leave the hotel by 16:45. Can you arrange that?|Certainly!  I have booked you with a red skoda, whose contact number is 07790176286. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Okay great. That was all I needed.|You're welcome! Have a great day!
I need a train out of peterborough on wednesday.|we have a variety so if we  can narrow down by giving departure time good with you
Yes, I need to arrive in Cambridge at or a little before 21:45.|I have several trains available. What time would you like to depart?
Whatever the closest train to arriving before 21:45 is will be fine with me.|I got 1 ticket for you on TR8935 it will arrive by 08:09. Your reference number is C0M3TLKH. Anything else today?
Can you cancel that and get me 5 tickets instead of 1 please?|Sure, this is the new information : Booking was successful, the total fee is 82.5 GBP payable at the station .
Reference number is : 0196JVLZ.
Thank you so much! I also need some entertainment in the centre. What do you recommend?|All Saints Church is nice if you like architecture! It is on Jesus Lane and the entrance fee is free!
I would prefer a lively college in the centre, please.|Okay! How about Christ's College?
sure, i just need the address, postcode, and entrance fee.|Christ's College is free to enter, and they're located on Saint Andrew's Street in postcode cb23bu.
Ok. Thank you. That's all for now.|thank you for using our services
Have a great day!|Have a nice day.
Where can I find a Vietnamese restaurant in West Cambridge?|There is one vietnamese restuarant in the west area, thanh binh. Can I book a table for you, if so how many will be dining?
Yes, please. I need a table for 8 on Thursday at 17:00.|It looks like that day and time are full. Is there another day or time slot you would like to try?
How about a table for 8 on Thurday at 16:00|I was able to book the table for your party of eight at 16:00. The reference number is RLTOT7X2. Can I help you with anything else?
Yeah, I need a place to go. I want to go to the museum and it should be in the west area.|There is a Museum of classical archaeology on sidgwick avenue for free, and a Cambridge and Country Folk Museum located at 2-3 castle street for 3.50 pounds.There are also several free galleries in the area. Can I give you more information on any of these?
Just the postcode for the Cambridge and Country Folk Museum, please.|The postcode is at cb30aq
Thank you. I also need a taxi to get between the restaurant and the museum.|Is there a specific time you would like the taxi to arrive at the restaurant or museum?
By 16:00 and I need the contact number and car type please.|I have successfully booked your taxi. You will be riding in a blue BMW. The company's contact phone number is 07883192583. Would there be anything else I could help with?
I want to make sure that it will arrive by 16:00. Can you please confirm?|I believe that will be the case. Anything else I can help you with?
No that will be all I need, thanks.|You're welcome! Have a nice day. Goodbye.
Hi!  I need to get a train schedule, can you help me with this?|There are many trains. Any date/time/places you were looking to travel to?
I want to arrive in Stevenage and leave Cambridge on a Friday.|There are ten trains on Friday. The first train leaves at 05:21 and the last train leaves at 23:21. What time do you want to leave or arrive?
I would like to arrive by 10:00. Can you please give me the train ID and departure time?|TR5497 leaves at 07:21 and arrives at 08:10.  Would you like to purchase a ticket?
No thank you. I do need to find a museum to visit though.|There's 23 museums in the Cambridge area. Is there a specific part of town you'd like to visit?
I would like it to be in Centre.|There are 11 museums in that area, including museum of archaelogy and anthropology and the fitzwilliam museum.
Can I have the entrance fees for both of those please, and the associated postcodes?|Sure thing. Both are free and the postcode for the museum of archaeology is cb23dz and the fitzwilliam postcode is cb21rb.
ok and what are their entrance fees?|Bot museums are free, they do not have an entrance fee.
That is great. Thank you, goodbye.|Enjoy your time at the museum and the center.  If there is anything else you need help with please contact us anytime.
We want to find a restaurant that serves unusual food.|Do you have a particular type of food you'd like to try?
No, just please make sure the food's unusual, located in the north and expensive.|Saigon city serves Asian oriental in the north part of town.
That's pretty offensive to call Asian oriental unusual. I'm looking for a restaurant that serves food labelled as unusual.|I have no restaurants that list there food as unusual, do you have any other preferences?
Ok, how about Chinese food? Still expensive and in the north please.|yes, there's a place called the hotpot
Let me have a reservation at Hotpot on Friday, thank you.|Ok, how many people and what time?
7 people at 19:45 on friday.|I was able to make a booking for the hotpot. You reservation number is 55CAP7FC.
Awesome. Now can you tell me if there is a swimming pool nearby the restaurant? I love to swim after egg rolls!|There are two in the north; Jesus Green Outdoor Pool and Kings Hedges Learner Pool.  Would you like the location of either of those?
Can you pick the best swimming pool and get me the postcode and phone number please?|I'm going to recommend the kings hedges learner pool located at jedburgh court, kings hedges the post code is cb42xh. The phone number is 01223353248.
I also need to book a taxi between the hotel and restaurant. I need to arrive by 19:45.|What time do you need to leave by?
I just need it to arrive by the time the restaurant was booked.|How many people are traveling?
7 people for the taxi.|Ok, you are booked for a 19:45 arrival time, the taxi is a white audi. Is there anything else?
Can I get the contact number for the taxi as well, please?|Contact number is 07625009528 Can I help you with anything else?
No thank you.|Have a nice day.
I'm heading out of Cambridge on Sunday. Please find me a train|Ok.  And where is your destination?
I would like to go to London Liverpool Street and arrive at 17:45 on Sunday.|Train TR0189 Arrives at London Liverpool Street at 17:27. Would you like to reserve a ticket?
No thanks.|Okay, anything else I can help you with?
Yes, I really want to visit a mutliple sports attraction, preferably in the Centre area, please.|I'm sorry I don;t have any sports attractions listed can I interest you in another attraction?
Can you try a museum?|Castle galleries is a great museum located in the centre of town at unit su43, grande arcade, saint andrews street. Is there anything else I can help you with?
That is all I need.|Ok great. Have a great day.
Can you help me find a restaurant that serves sri lankan food that is moderately priced?|I'm sorry, but there are no Sri Lankan restaurants anywhere in Cambridge. Would you like to try a different cuisine?
Are you sure? I really thought there were some there.|Yes, I have doubled checked and there are no sri lankan restaurants anywhere in Cambridge.
Okay, how about one that serves British food?|There are 4 British restaurants in the centre area of town and one in the west. Which area would you prefer?
Could you recommend one? I will be needing a table for 1 at 14:30 on Thursday.|What price range would you like?
moderate price, please.|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Reference number is : 3NX7QMU8.
I also need to find a college in the town centre to visit. If you can provide me with the name and post code, that would be great.|Sorry, I forgot to say that your booking is at Restaurant One Seven. Emmanuel College is in post code cb23ap. Would you like to hear about some of the others, too?
Yes, please let me know about some of the others.|There's Christ College postcode cb23bu, Corpus Christi postcode cb21rh, and downing college at postcode cb21dq. Is there anything else I can help you with?
You have covered everything.  Thank you.|Have a great day and trip! Good bye.
I am looking for a entertainment attraction in the centre of town.|I'm sorry I have no entertainment options in the center of town. Would you be interested in trying another type of attraction or area?
Yes can you look for a museum?|Yes there are 11 different museums in centre.  Are you interested in a particular type?
Can you tell me the different museums available?|What are you interested in?
Are there any that feature anything archeological items?|there is the museum of archaelogy and anthropology
That sounds great. Can you give me the phone number?|Yes their telephone number is 01223333516.
Can I get the postcode for the museum as well?|Of course. The postcode is cb23dz. Can I help you with anything else today?
I need an insanely expensive hotel that has free wifi|There are 5 options available. Do you prefer a specific area or number of stars?
The highest rated one you have, I need 5 people booked for a 2 night stay starting saturday.|I have 2 options available. The Huntingdon Marriott Hotel in the West, and the University Arms Hotel in the Centre. Both are 4 star with internet and parking.
Can you book the marriott hotel for 5 people and 2 nights on saturday?|Booking was successful.
Reference number is : 5K1TGKMU.
i also need to use  a taxi|Of course! To book a taxi, I'll need to know your travel destination, departure site, and time please.
I'll be going from the museum to the hotel. I'll need to leave by 09:30 please.|You are all set. Please look for a blue Toyota, which will arrive by 9:30. The contact number is 07988683424. Do you need anything else today?
that is all for today thanks very much|Any time, happy to help! Have a good day!
Hello, I'm looking for a train departing from Kings Lynn and arriving at Cambridge by 20:15|TR9102 arrives at 05:11
Does that train leave on Monday?|No, it does not. I apologize for the error. I do have train TR1978 that departs at 19:11 and will get you there by 19:58. Would this work for you?
Looks ok, but can I get the travel time and price before you book that?|The price is 9.80 pounds and the travel time is 47 minutes.
Ok great. I don't need to book that now but I would also like some information for all saints church, could you help me with that?|Yes, what would you like to know?
Is it actually a church?  I will need a phone number and postcode if possible.|The type is architecture, attraction that is. The post code is cb58bs. Anything else you need?
Just the phone number please. Thanks.|Their phone number is 01223452587. Can I help you find anything else today?
Nope that will be all! Thanks!|Great! Have a nice day!
I need a place in the centre that serves african food.|Bedouin is an african restaurant in the centre. Phone # is 01223367660 and it's located on 100 Mill Road City Centre. Would you like me to make a reservation?
What is the price range?|It is classified as an expensive place to eat.  Would you like to book a table?
No thanks what is their postcode though?|The post code is: cb12bd Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
Yes, I am also looking for a museum in the same area as the restaurant.|Of course! I'd suggest Primavera. It's a wonderful museum in the centre, and it has free admission. Would you like more information?
Thanks for the good suggestion. What is the postcode for Primavera?|The post code is cb21sj and the address is 10 king s parade. Their phone number is 01223357708. May I help you with anything else?
No, that's everything I needed.|Have a swell day.
Hi I'm planning a trip to Cambridge and want to book a train. I would like to leave early Monday and arrive by 20:45|Where would you like to depart from?
I'd like to go from Cambridge to Norwich.|I have a train leaving at 1836 and arriving at 1955, would you like me to book it for you?
yeah that sounds good|How many tickets will you need?
I need the travel time for 1|The travel time is 79 minutes, woudl you like me to book you?
That's okay I'm looking to find a cinema in the south part of town though.|cineworld cinema's address is cambridge leisure park, clifton way.
Great, thanks! What is their postcode?|The postcode is cb17dy.
Thank you! That is all that I need.|Enjoy your visit! Let us know if we can be of any further assistance.
Can you find me an attraction in the centre?|Are you looking for a specific place? Or do you prefer a particular type of attraction?
Not looking for anything specific. Maybe a college or museum if you can give me the address and entrance fee.|I would recommend Hughes Hall.  It is a college on Jesus Lane and the entrance is free.
Thank you goodbye|Thank you for using our service today.
I'm looking for a train to cambridge leaving after 09:30, can you help?|Hello, we have many trains going to cambridge.  Where will you be departing from?
I am departing from Norwich. I would also like to leave on Wednesday.|There are a total of 14 trains leaving Norwich on Wednesday every hour beginning at 10:16. Would you like to book the 10:16 train or any later train?
The 10:16 will be great, I'd like to book for 1 person please.|Your fee will be 17.6 GBP, payable at the station, and your reference number is  J3K7VE8G. Do you need anything else today?
Yes, I would like some suggestions on places to go on the west side of town.|clare hall is an excellent choice on the west end.
Is this a type of entertainment?|No, Clare Hall is a college.
I am looking for attractions on the west side of town related to entertainment. Please recommend one and provide the postcode|I recommend Whale of a time and the post code is cb238el
Ok thank you, that's all I need today.|You're welcome. Please come back if you have any other questions!
Hello, I would like information on museums in town|There are 23 museums to choose from, are you looking for one in a particular area?
Which is your favorite? Get me their phone number, and I'll check them out.|My favorite museum is the Cambridge and County Folk Museum. Their number is 01223355159. Can I help you with anything else?
Maybe you could give me one other option?|Sure. There's also the Museum of Archaelogy and Anthropology, which is free. They're phone number is 01223333516.
Thanks for your help.|Thank you for contacting the help desk. Have a great day.
Hello, I'm looking for a 4 star guesthouse in the center of town for 3 people and 4 nights.  I'd like wifi and free parking too.|The place that fits all your needs in the centre of town is Alexander Bed and Breakfast.
Is that place cheap?|It is cheap! Would you like to book a room there?
Can I get the address and star rating?|The Alexander bed and breakfast is a 4 star guesthouse at 56 saint barnabas road in the centre.
Thanks! I'm also looking for an architecture type place in the west. Can you help me?|I can not find any attractions that meet that criteria. Is there another attraction type you want me to search for or perhaps another area
How about entertainment instead?|Whale of a time looks available if you'd like that
Yes that sounds good can I get the phone number, entrance fee, and address.|The phone number is 01954781018, the address is 'unit 8, viking way, bar hill', but I'm sorry, the admission price is unavailable right now.
Thanks, I would like a taxi from the two places too.|I have booked you a taxi from Alexander B&B to Whale of a Time. It leaves by 10:00 and arrives to Whale of a Time by 10:30. Is that good?
Yeah, can I get the contact number and car type, please?|The taxi will be a blue volkswagen and their number is 07623192315. What else van I help you with?
That should be all I need.  Thank you for your help!|Thanks for using our service.
I am looking for an attraction of architecture.|All Saints Church has wonderful architectural interest.  It is in the city centre.  How does that sound?
Pretty good.  Can you give me an address and postcode please?|Absolutely. They are located on Jesus Lane. Their postcode is cb58bs. Is there anything else I can answer for you?
Please, also look for a restaurant in the north in the expensive price range.|We have five expensive restaurants in the north. Is there a type of cuisine you'd prefer?
No, I would just need a reservation for 3 at 13:00 on Wednesday.|i got you a reservation for city stop restaurant.The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Reference number is : 9WNT50DL.
Thank you, that will be all.|You are welcome. enjoy your stay and call us if you need anything else.
I'm looking for a guesthouse in the east please.|We have 6 total guesthouses in the east, any more preferences?
Yes, I would like free wifi and a 4 star rating.|I have six places, is there a price range you have in mind?
Not particularly. Do you have one you would recommend?|I recommen a and b guest house. Should I book that?
please,  For 2 people for 5 nights starting on Wednesday|Unfortunately there are no rooms available for Wednesday in the East. Could I look at a different location or day?
Can you try 4 nights instead?|Booking was successful. Your reference number is : 1F0GOZ1D.
Great, could I also find someplace near the hotel to go for fun?|funky fun house would be nice for you
I want to go to a place that has architecture.|Yes, I've pulled up information on old schools and churches and they are all located in the centre. Would you like their addresses?
If I could just get the phone numbers and postcodes, that would be great!|All saints church is located at postcode cb58bs. Their number is 01223452587.
That's perfect, I've heard of it. How about a cozy 4 star guesthouse nearby?|Okay I have one matching that description in the city center and it is in the cheap price range but 4 stars. Would you like a booking?
Does it include free parking as well?|It does.  It is the Alexander Bed and Breakfast.
Can I get the price range for that guesthouse please?|It is a cheap guesthouse. Would you like to book a room?
No, but can you get me a taxi to the guesthouse? I should finish sightseeing at 2:30.|You're all set! The car will be a blue lexus and the contact number is 07351739758.
THank you that is all I needed today, have a nice day.|You're welcome, please contact us if you need help with something else.
I'd like to find a swimmingpool on the east side, if possible.|I have one listing for abbey pool and astroturf pitch.
What is the entrance fee?|I'm sorry; I don't have that information. If you'd like to contact them, their phone number is 01223902088.
Thanks! I also need a train to Cambridge on Wednesday.|Sure thing where will you be departing from?
I am leaving ely after 20:15.|There is a train that leaves at 13:17.
Can you provide more information for that train?|Yes, that's train TR0922, it'll be leaving london kings cross at 13:17 and arrived by 14:08.  It costs 23.60 pounds and takes 51 minutes.
I'd like to book a seat on that train. Please provide confirmation.|Your reference number is AY662NLW.
That's all i need for today. Thanks very much for your help.|You're welcome, let me know if I can assist with anything else.
I am looking for places to go in town centre.  What are some options?|I have the Mumford Theater at anglia ruskin enterprise, east road, or the fitzwilliam museum at trumpington street.
What are the entrance fees for all those locations?|The entrance fee is free for the museum is free, and the theater fee is unknown.
Okay, thanks for that information.  I would like to book a train as well. I'm leaving Tuesday after 16:00 from Cambridge.|Alright, where would you like to go?
I'd like to go from stansted airport to Cambridge.|TR8372 leaves at 16:24. Are you interested?
Yes, I need to book that for 8 people.  Please send the reference number.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 80.8 GBP payable at the station .
Reference number is : VHL6TYDF.
Thank you! Goodbye.|You're welcome goodbye.
I'm looking for a hotel, but not a guesthouse. All it needs is free parking. Can you recommend one?|I am sorry are not hotels that match your criteria. Can I try to find a hotel in the south?
Yes, I'm trying to find a hotel in the south with a 4 star rating, with free parking.|Unfortunately there are no hotels that match those specifics, can you alter your location?
Ok, let's try the same other criteria but how about a guesthouse?|There are 2 guesthouses in the south that have 4 stars: Aylesbray Lodge Guest House (moderate prices), and Rosa's Bed and Breakfast (cheap). Would you like to book at one?
No but can I get the address and postcode for Rosa's Bed and Breakfast please?|The address is 53 roseford road and the post code is cb22ha.
Thanks. I'm also looking for a cinema in the same place at the hotel.|Cineworld Cinema is in that part of town.
Can you confirm if Cineworld Cinema is in the south?  Also, can you look up a swimming pool?  I'm thinking of going swimming.|Yes, Cineworld Cinema is in the south part of town unfortunately there are no swimming pools in the south.  Can I check another area of town for you?
Can I get the fee and the phone number for Cineworld Cinema please?|The phone is 00872208000.  Unfortunately my system does not show fees.
Okay.  That's all I needed then.|Thank you for using our services.
I want somewhere fun to go in the south of town.|Ok, there is cineworld cinema or 7 other places I can tell you about.
May I please have the phone n umber, postcode, and address for the cinema.|They are located at cambridge leisure park, clifton way, postal code is cb17dy, I have no information on entrance fee, to find that out call them at 00872208000
Can you help me find a restaurant as well?|There are many restaurants to choose from, do you have any preferences?
I'd like it to be expensive and to serve modern European food.|Okay, how about darrys cookhouse and wine shop in the centre of town?
That sounds good and that is all the information I need today.|Ok, great. Have a wonderful day!
i want to book a hotel  of moderate price in the south.|There are no hotels in the range, but two guesthouses in the south moderately priced.  Would they be something you would consider or do you want another search?
I need one in the south, moderate price, free wifi.|There are two guesthouses in the moderate price range in the south side of town with free Wifi. One 3 and one 4 star. Can i book one for you?
Oh. One more thing. Is there free parking?|Both options have free parking available.
Okay, could you book one for me?|I would love to but our system is down right now.
Can you please give it one more try.|I'd be happy to help with your request, first I'll need to know the day you'll be checking in, the number in your party, and for how many nights?
I don't need to book, I'm looking for somewhere to go in town with the same area as the hotel and it should be a nightclub.|There is quite a few, how about soul tree nightclub, it's a real hot spot!
Sounds great, I need their postal can I also book a taxi from the attraction to the hotel at 01:15|cb23qf is the postcode.
I also need to book a taxi from the attraction to the hotel leaving by 01:15.|A black bmw is booked. The contact number is 07078788230
Okay, great. Thanks for all your help today. I appreciate it. Goodbye.|It is a pleasure to have assisted you! Goodbye!
i will be in Cambridge and need a 4 star hotel with wifi|sure I can assist you with that. When is your stay?
I want to arrive on Monday and Leave Sunday.|I have 2 in the west area and 1 available in the centre of town. Does area or price matter to you?
I would also like free parking. Price doesn't matter.|I recommend the university arms hotel. It is expensive, but a good place on regent street.
What is the price and the address for that hotel?|The address is regent street and it is in the expensive price range.
Is there more an address, such as building number? Also, what area of town is it in? How many starts is it?|The postcode is cb21ad.  It's a 4 star hotel in the centre area of town.
Thanks!  Can you help me find a place to sight see while I am in town?|We have many attractions in town, What type would you prefer? Theatre, museums, parks, etc?
I am looking for a college|Can i recommend churchill college. It's very popular.
That sounds great.  I just need the phone number and entrance fee.|The phone number is 01223336233 and the entrance is free.
I also want to book a taxi to commute between the two places.|What time would you like to travel?
I'd like to leave Churchill College by 04:30 to travel to the University Arms Hotel. Can you book me a taxi, please?|Sure, I've got that booked for you.  Booked car type	:	black skoda
Contact number	:	07188560611
That's all I need, thanks so much for all of your help! Have a great day!|Enjoy your stay. Thank you for using Cambridge TownInfo Centre. Goodbye.
I am planning a trip in Cambridge.|Wonderful, could I help you with finding a place to stay? Do you need a train or any information on local attractions?
I need a train after 14:15 from birmingham new street and need to go to cambridge and leave on tuesday|TR8466 leaves at 14:40 and arrives at 17:23, will that work for you?
Yes please I need that booked for one person.|Sure, your booking was completed. The total fee is 75.09 GBP payable at the station and your confirmation number is Q5H6ZU73. Can I help with anything else?
Yes, I'm also interested in going to the theatre.  Can you help me find one?|your reservation is booked
I also need information on a theatre.|Sure, is there a particular part of town you would like the theatre to be in? You have options in the centre and south.
The area doesn't matter. Which one do you recommend? Can you provide the postcode, area, and entrance fee?|I would suggest adc theatre.
That will do. I'll need the postcode, area, and entrance fee, please?|The adc theatre is located in the centre and the post code is cb58as. I do not have the entrance fee available to me.
Thank you for the service, bye!|Have a great day.
I'm looking for a train to Broxbourne.|What day would you like to travel on?
I would like to leave on Tuesday after 21:00 from cambridge. Can you accommodate?|Yes, there are trains departing at 21:01, 22:01 and 23:01 on Tuesday.  Which time would like?
2 tickets on the 21:01, please. And can you give me the reference number once that's booked?|I have booked your tickets. Your reference number is LJWDINYN. Is there anything else I can do for you?
Thanks.  I would also like to go a museum on the east side.|I found 4 museums, I'd recommend the Cambridge Artworks as it is free to enter. Would you like any information on it?
Just the address, please.|They are located at 5 greens road.
Thank you very much. Should be all|Thank you for using our services.
We need a hotel in the eastern part of the city which has free parking.|Autumn house	is a guesthouse with free parking in the east part of town.
I'd prefer a hotel, are there any 3 star hotels in the East section of town that have free parking?|No, I am sorry no three star hotels. Would a four star work?
I would prefer to stay with a three star hotel. Could you please check the south side and see if any hotels are available?|Yes, there is one available. The Lensfield hotel at 53-57 lensfield road. Would you like me to book it?
yes book for 3 people and 3 nights from thursday|Ok   I will book it for you
What train do I need to take to get to Norwich from Cambridge?|It looks like there are trains from Cambridge to Norwich every day. What day/time will you be traveling on?
I'll be leaving Sunday and need to arrive by 21:30.|TR4082 will arrive by 20:55 would that work for you?
Yeah, can I please get the price?|Sure. The price per ticket is 14.08 pounds. Can I book you a ticket?
Yes  book the ticket please.|Can I ask how many tickets you will need?
On second thought, I don't need a ticket reserved. Could you tell me what the travel time will be on that train, though?|Sure - the trip from Cambridge to Norwich is 79 minutes.
Excellent. I'm also looking to go to a museum on the west part of town.|How about the Lynne Strover Gallery?
That sounds wonderful. Can you give me the address, postcode, and phone number?|Phone number is 01223295264. Postcode is cb30aq. Address is 23 high street, fen ditton.
Okay thank you very much.|Can I help you with anything else today?
No that's everything I need. Thank you!|You're very welcome, have a great day and text us back any time!
Hi, I am looking to visit the colleges in town, and need to know the names of some of them.|There are 18 matches. Do you have an area in mind?
Are there any in the centre?|There are 13 in the centre, including Christ's College and Emmanuel College.
The area actually doesn't really matter, I just need the address of one of your recommendations, please?|Sure!  The address for Christ's College is saint andrew's street, postcode cb23bu.
Thank you! I am also looking for a hotel with 4 stars.|The university arms hotel is 4 starts and in the centre where the college is, would you like me to book you or provide more information?
Do they have internet and could I have the phone number please?|Yes they have internet and phone 01223351241
I need to book a taxi also. It should leave the hotel by 11:330|Sure! A white honda should pick you up at that time. The contact number is 07825681790. Do you need anything else?
That's all I need right now.  Thanks for the help!|It's been my pleasure. Goodbye.
I am looking for a restaurant in the south part of town in the expensive price range. Can you help me find one?|Of course. There are 5 restaurants in the south that are expensive. 2 Chinese, 2 Indian and 1 Mexican. Do you have a preference?
Don't you have one that serves south african food?|No, I'm sorry.  Would you like me to check in another part of town?
Actually, could you see if there is an Italian one?|There is a restaurant called frankie and bennys. Would you like me to book it for you?
Yes, can you put me down for a party of 5 at 18:15 this Thursday?|Can we try another day or time slot? It appears this one is full.
Can you try to book for 17:15?|I've booked your reservation at Frankie and Bennys Thursday at 17:15 for a party of 5.  Your reference number is 6FX43AF8, your table will be held for 15 minutes.
Thank you so much for your help! We will arrive there at Frankie and Bennys ,17 :15 on Thursday. Is it close to funky fun house? We are looking for that|Funky Fun House is in the east area of town.
What kind of attraction is Funky Fun House?|I do not know the answer to that, sorry. You can call them at 01223304705 for further clarification. Again, I'm really sorry for the inconvenience.
That is fine, I will contact them.  Thank you.|Is there something else I can help you with?
Hmm, well I am really wondering what the Funky Fun House is as for as attraction type. It doesn't give any additional info on that?|It is listed as entertainment.
Should i just call them directly for more info?|Yes, again, their phone number is 01223304705.
Great, thanks. That's all I needed.|OK, have a great day.  Please contact me again if I can help you further.  Good bye.
I am looking for colleges to visit while I am in town.|There are 5 in town, but I recommend Clare College in the west.  It's free to visit.  Does that sound good?
Yes that sounds good may I have the phone number please?|Sure! The phone number is 01223333200. Anything else for you today?
I am also looking for a place to stay. Could you help with that?|Sure, do you have any area preferences?
Yeah. Moderate price range. Internet and parking are not a priority for me.|How about your area preference and star rating of the hotel?
No star preference, just as long as it's moderately priced.  Thank you.|How about A and B Guesthouse?  It is moderately priced.
I prefer hotels.  Moderately priced.|I would recommend the ashley hotel. Would you like more information?
I'd like one with free wifi, and could you give me the star rating?|The ashley hotel fits your needs and has 2 stars. Would you like a booking?
Not right now. Thank you for the information!|Not a problem! Can I help you with anything else today?
Nope! That will do it, thanks!|Thanks for using our service. Have a nice night. Bye.
Can you help me find a train leaving Cambridge at 5:30pm on Friday?|Where will you be traveling to?
Let me change the day to Sunday leaving Ely for Cambridge after 10:15,|I would recommend TR6517 which departs Ely at 11:35 and arrives in Cambridge at 11:52.
Ok.  That one sounds good.|How many tickets will you be needing for your trip?
I'm not sure but I would like some information about museums in the south.|The Byard Art museum matches that criteria. What information do you need?
May I please have the entrance fee, phone number, and post code?|Free to enter. 01223464646, post code cb21sj. Anything else?
No. That's all. Thanks so much!|You are very welcome. If you don't need anything else go ahead and close the chat.
Can you give me some information about colleges that I can visit while I am in town?|I see we have a total of 79 colleges.
What colleges are in the centre?  Please provide postcode, address, and phone number too.|There are thirteen colleges in the centre.
train should depart from peterborough and should leave after 21:45|Yes I will need your destination city and day of travel please.
I will be leaving monday, it will be to Cambridge.|TR1553 	Leaves Peterborough Monday at 21:48 	and arrives in Cambridge at 22:38. Would you like me to book that for you?
Yes, i will need 4 tickets.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 66 GBP payable at the station . Your reference number is Y4IXQIJC
Thank you so much for all your help.|You're welcome! Have a wonderful day!
I was hoping you can help me find a place to go that has to do with architecture.|All saints church is architectural and located in the centre of town.
That would be fine. Can I get the address please?|Sure. The All Saints Church is located at jesus lane.
I also want a moderately priced Polynesian restaurant.|I am sorry but there are no moderately priced Polynesian restaurants.  Would you like a different type of food or price range?
Could you check again?|I've just double checked. Cambridge doesn't have any Polynesian restaurants at all. Can I look for something else for you?
How about chinese food?|Charlie Chan is a cheap chinese restaurant in the centre of town. Would you like more information or to book a table?
Nah, that's not necessary. I just need the postcode, please.|The post code is CB21DB for Charlie Chan's. May I assist you any further?
I also need a taxi.|Certainly! What are your departure and arrival destinations and when would you like to leave or arrive by?
I am traveling between the two places. I need to leave the restaurant by 23:15.|You're all set! Your car will be a red tesla and their contact number is 07799680227 should you need to contact them!
Thank you for all your help! That will be all for today!|You're welcome, have a great day!
I'd really like to check out some interesting architecture while I'm in town. Can you recommend anything?|I recommend holy trinity church in the centre it's free to visit. Would you like the address and phone number?
Yes, the phone number would be fantastic! thank you!|The phone number is 01223355397. May I assist you with anything else today?
could you also tell me what area it's in?|Holy Trinity Church is in the centre area, on Market Street.
Thank you. I also need an expensive place to eat in the center, preferably one that serves African food|We only have one restaurant at the Center that meets your request. It is called bedouin at 100 Mill Road City Centre. Should i book that for you?
Yes, can you make a reservation for 2 people for Wednesday at 12:00 please. Thanks.|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Can you get me the reference number for that please?|I'm sorry for not including it, the reference number for the restaurant reservation is PVW7ZM8Y. Can I help with anything else?
No, thank you. That's really all I needed for today. I appreciate your help!|It was my pleasure. Have a nice day. Good bye.
I'm looking for a multiple sports attraction in the south. Anything available?|We have one such location.
Great, could you give me some more information about the location?|Sure. The Cherry Hinton Village Centre is a multiple sports attraction located in the East.
Do you have any that are in the south?|There are no multiple sports attractions located in the south.
Are there any nightclubs?|Yes, there is one nightclub called the place at 22 sidney street. Would you like their phone number?
Yes, please.  Is there an entrance fee?|The phone number is 01223324600 but the entry fee is not listed. It would be best to call for that information.
Thank you! Can you also find a Chinese place to eat that is on the cheap side in the same area please?|I am sorry but there are no Chinese restaurants that match your request.  Would you like try another type of food or area and price range?
How about Chinese but in the cheapish price range?|I'm sorry, but there is nothing in the cheap price range. May I try another area or another type of food?
No, I really need it in that area and I'm desperately craving Chinese food. Can you please check again and make sure you're looking in the south area?|I apologize, I do see a chinese restaurant, the lucky star. Would you like a reservation?
Wonderful, thanks.  I need a table for 6 on Friday.  We'd like to eat tat 19:30.|I could not book successfully, can i try another time?
Can you try 18:30 for me?|Your table is booked. Your reference number is KUQSVW1U. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, could get get me a taxi to get me to the restaurant by the booked time?|Where will you be departing from?
The nightclub at 22 sidney street, the place, you said it was called.|I'm sorry, I believe I have gotten confused.  I have a taxi set up for you.  Is there anything else you need?
Sorry for the confusion.  I have everything I need, you've been very helpful, thanks!|Thank you for contacting Cambridge TownInfo centre. Goodbye!
I need a hotel, parking doesn't matter to me though.|What is the name of the hotel you'd like to book?
i don't have a name in mind but the  hotel should be in the type of guesthouse and should include free wifi.|There are many great guesthouses with free internet, do you have a have a price range or area you want to stay in?
I'm open to the price and area, but it should have a 3 star rating.|There are 3 in the moderate price range. Bridge Guest House, Hamilton Lodge and Hobsons House.
Can you book Hamilton Lodge for me please?|sure! how many people in your party?
5 people and we'll be staying there for 3 nights starting Sunday|You are all set, the reference number is H96PW3HV, can I help with anything else?
i'm also looking for places to go in town|There are 79 places to go what area would you like?
I would like the info to the funk fun house please?|The Funky Fun House is an entertainment venue in the east. They are located at 8 Mercers Row, Industrical Estate. Their phone number is 01223304705.
do they charge entrance fee?|I'm sorry but the entrance fee is unknown. Would you like the phone number?
You already gave me the phone number thanks, I'm supposed to get the entrance fee though, my boss insists on it.|The entrance fee is not listed in our database. Perhaps it varies depending on what night of the week you go. You are welcome to call them and ask.
I am looking for a college type of attraction. Is there any?|There are 5 colleges available in the Centre and the West. Do you have any preferences on the college?
I am looking for something in the West.|Visitors find queens' college fascinating. There is an entrance fee of 2.50 pounds. The address is silver street, postcode cb39et.
Thanks. May I also have the phone number, please.|Sure the number is 01223335511. Can I help with anything else?
I need a taxi to the hotel, please.|Sure I can if you tell me where you'll be leaving from and either what time you want to leave or arrive by
I woule like to leave the hotel at 7:00.|I'm sorry are you going to the hotel or leaving from the hotel?
I will be leaving the hotel, please.|Can you book a cab for me and get a reference number ?
I'm looking for a dining establishment that serves kosher, in the center of town.|We don't have any kosher restaurants in the center of town. Would you like to search for something different?
That's a bummer. Thanks anyways|You are more then welcome.  Wish I had better news.  Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Are there any restaurants that have north american food?|yes there gourmet burger kitchen located in  the centre. can i give you their phone number?
Is it in the expensive price range?|Yes it is. Would you like any more information on it? I can book you a table if you would like.
Yes, I would like a table for 7 on Sunday. I want to eat at 18:15.|You're all booked! Your reference number is LVRG27YJ. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Yes, I'm interested in visiting the broughton house gallery.|The Broughton House Gallery is a museum in the centre, free entrance, and the address is 98 King St.  Anything else I can help you with?
do they have enough parking?|I don't have that information but there phone number is 01223314960. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Is it possible for you to get me a taxi to take me from Broughton Gallery to Gourmet Burger Kitchen by 18:15?|How many people will be riding?
There are 7 in my group.|A black volvo is booked, contact number 070960620254. Maybe we should try a bus or train or another car since there are 7 in your group. Would you like another car?
Thanks a lot, goodbye!|Thank you for contacting us and have a nice day.
I need to find where Whale of a Time is located in Cambridge.|It is located at unit 8, viking way, bar hill
Okay, could I get the postcode for Whale of a Time, please?|Of course, it's cb238el. If you need to contact them, the phone number is 01954781018. Is there anything else you need?
I also need a hotel.|Great, do you need the hotel to be in a particular part of town?
Yes in the Centre please and 4 star.|I have the alexander bed and breakfast that is cheap and university arms hotel that is expensive.
Can I book University Arms for 5 nights starting Sunday for 3 people?|I have you booked for 5 nights, 3 people, starting on sunday, your reference number is LNK1GUUK.  Can I help with anything else?
Yes. I also need a taxi leaving Whale of Time at 17:45.|What is your destination?
I need to go to the University Arms|Booking completed! A blue skoda taxi. Phone, 07460247020. Anything else I can assist you with?
That's all I need at this time, thanks for your help!|You have a great night.
I'd like details about trains leaving from Cambridge and going to Ely.|There are 70 scheduled trains on that route. Do you have a day or time you wish to travel?
I'll be traveling on Monday and I would like to leave after 15:00.|What time do you need to arrive by?
It doesn't matter, just so it leaves after 15:00.  I'll just need the train id and arrival time please.|the TR7177 leaves at 15:50, do you want tickets?
No thank you. I would like to know the arrival time, though.|The arrival time is 16:07.
Thanks. Can you also find a museum ?|Is there a certain area of town you would like to be in?
No, whatever your recommendation is. I will just need the area it's in and the entrance fee please.|people's portraits exhibition at girton college in the west is very interest, the entrance fee is free.  Do you need more info?
No thanks. That gives me all I need. Take care. Goodbye.|Thank you for allowing me to assist you today.
I'm looking for a museum with a restaurant.|How does the Cafe Jello Gallery sound?  It is located in the west and does not have an entrance fee.
Great. Please get me their address.|Cafe jello gallery can be found at 13 magdalene street. Is there anything else I can do for you?
Do you know of any restaurants in the centre of town that serve lebanese food?|Ali Baba is in the centre of town serving lebanese food
Is it moderately priced?|Yes.  Ali Baba is moderately priced.  Would you like me to make a reservation for you?
Yes I'd like one for Sunday for 19:15, there will be 8 of us.|will you need to have all eight of you seated at the same table?
Yes please. I need the reference number too.|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.  Reference number is : H570Z3KN.  do you have any other questions
Can I get a taxi to take us fro the gallery to the restaurant?|Ok, a white audi will pick you up at cafe jello gallery and bring you to Ali baba by 9:15.  You can contact the driver at 07646811518.  Anything else?
No, that will be all thank you.|You're welcome. Thank you.
I am looking for a local restaurant, and also places to go while I am in Cambridge|Sure, I can help with that. Do you have a particular area you would like to stay in?
East part and where there is entertainment,I also need address and phone number|Do you have a specific food type or price for the restaurant? How about Cherry Hinton Hall and Grounds at Cherry Hinton Road, phone number 01223446104 for entertainment?
Awesome. I'm also looking for the sitar tandoori.|This is an expensive Indian restaurant in the east.
That's the one. Could you book a table for 3 on Sunday?|I'd be happy to reserve you a table for 3 on Sunday. What time would you like to dine?
We'd like the reservation made for 13:00 if possible.|No problem. I've booked you that table and your reference number is 7ET7AGBG. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No, you have been great. Have a great day. Bye.|Thank you for contacting Cambridge TownInfo centre.  Have a great time!  Goodbye!
Hi, I am planning a trip and could use some help with a particular attraction.|Okay, sounds good. What attraction are you thinking about?
I'm looking for Milton Country Park.|I have found it what types of information can I get you on it?
Can I get the attraction type, entrance fee, and postcode please?|It's a Park and there's no entrance fee. It's free for all. The postcode is cb46az. How can I be of further assistance today?
I'm also looking for a great Italian restaurant on the east side of town that you would recommend.|I would suggest pizza hut fen ditton
What are their prices like?|They are moderately priced
What is the address and phone number to Pizza Hut Fen Ditton?|The number is 01223323737,	and it is in Cambridge Retail Park Newmarket Road Fen Ditton.
Great! Thank you! That's all I needed.|You're welcome!  Have a wonderful day.
I need a restaurant in the west at a moderate price range.|Okay I have an italian, a british and an indian restaurant. Do you have a preference?
The cuisine doesn't really matter, but I guess I should try some British food while I'm there?|I found the saint johns chop house. Would you like more information?
Can you book it for 7 people this Monday at 13:30 please?|I'm sorry, it doesn't look like they can accommodate that time slot. Would you like another?
Can you try 12:30 please?|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Your reference number is : LVT4TTLK.
Any interesting attractions in that part of town?|There are 13 attractions, ranging from colleges, to entertainment, to museums.  Do you have a type preference?
I'm sorry. I need the postcode for saint johns chop house, which you said was British food. I also need a taxi there by the booked time.|That's no problem, I can look that up for you.  Their postcode is cb30ad.
Before we worry about the taxi, I guess it would help to find which attraction. Sorry to confuse you. What attractions do you have in the west?|I have 13 places in the west. What type are you looking for?
What would you recommend?|The cambridge book and print gallery is interesting, and offers free admission. How does that sound?
That sounds wonderful, could I get your contact number and the model of car for the taxi?|They are located at 40 newham road and the phone number is 01223694264.  Where would you like the taxi to pick you up at?
I would like for the taxi to go from the attraction to the restaurant and I would like to make sure I arrive in time for my reservation.|Okay, I can do that for you.
Can I get the contact number and car type, please?|Your contact number is 07138378718 and the car type is a white volkswagen. Can I assist you with anything else?
You have been a great help!  Thank you!  Goodbye.|My pleasure! Enjoy your stay!
Hello, I am looking for a train that is leaving after 14:00 on Friday.|What is your destination? I have 210 departures listed after 14:00 on Friday.
I'll be going from Cambridge to Birmingham New Street.|There is a train every hour, TR8928 leaves at 14:01 and arrives at 16:44. It costs 75.10 pounds.  Will that work for you?
Yes, that's perfect. Thanks!|How many tickets would you like?
I actually don't need any tickets right now, but can you give me the total travel time?|The total travel time is 163 minutes.  Is there anything else you need today?
I also want to find places to go to in the center area.|OK. There are many attractions in the centre of town. What type are you interested in getting information about?
Can you make a suggestion?|I would recommend the scott polar museum, would you like more info on them?
Yes. Please can I have their address and post code. Also, is there an entrance fee?|It is the best price of all, free of charge.  They are on lensfield road, postal is cb21er, can I assist with anything else?
No that is everything, thank you for your help!|Glad to be able to help. Thank you for calling and have a great day. Goodbye!
I'm looking for a restaurant, can you help?|Yes I can is there any type of food you're in the mood for and what area would you like?
I would like an Indian place in the East of town.|I have 4 places that have great indian food. I have 2 moderately priced ones and 2 expensive ones. Do you have a preference?
Yes, I'd like one in the moderate price range. Can you select one?|Sure, how about pipasha restaurant?
Yes. 3 people at 13:45 on Sunday.|I have made that reservation and your reference number is H5PBYPD0.
Are there any wonderful museums in town? I just need the address of one that you would suggest.|I have the cambridge artworks located at 5 greens road and has free entrance.
cool I need a cab now and I need to get to the restaurant by the reservation time of course|I can do that - I got you a white honda and the driver can be reached at 07397937480. Will that be all today?
That's all I need today.|Thank you so much for calling.  Ring us back if you need anything else.  Goodbye.
I am looking for a specific hotel by the name of city centre north b and b. Could you provide me with some additional information about this place?|Did you by chance mean the A and B guesthouse?
Hm. That isn't it. I think it is called city centre north. Can you search again please?|I found it.  It is a cheap guesthouse in the north.  The phone number is 01223312843.
Can I get the phone number, postcode, and address?|01223312843 is the phone number cb43ht is the postcode and 328a histon road is the address.
Thanks I'm also looking for a fun attraction to go in the centre.  Can you make a recommendation?|I enjoy museums. We have old schools. Would you like more information on that one?
Yes, how much does it cost to get in?|I'm sorry for the confusion, what attraction are you interested in the entrance fee for?
I'm looking for a fine arts museum in the centre.|We have 11 different museums in the centre, if you're not looking for a particular one, might I recommend the Primavera?
Okay.  Can you tell the entrance fee?|Good news! It is Free.
Nice!  Okay, that should be all I need.  Thanks for your help and goodbye!|Great! have a wonderful trip!
Can you find me a nightclub?|I have 6 nightclubs 5 in the centre and 1 in the south. Do you have a preference?
I prefer a nightclub in the centre area.|The Fez Club at 8 Market Passage is quite popular. Or are you interested in one of the other four?
The Fez sounds great. Can I get their phone number?|The phone number is 01223519224.  Can I help you with anything else?
Can you help me find a train going to Ely on Monday?|When would you like to leave or arrive by?
I would need to leave cambridge after 13:15 on Monday, please.|I have 6 trains leaving after 13:15 with the earliest being TR5167 which leaves at 13:50 and arrives at 14:07. Would you like a reservation?
For now, can you just give me the price and travel time of TR5167?|4.40 pounds, and travel time is 17 minutes. Would you like to know anything else?
I think that is all I need to know for now. Thank you.|You're very welcome! Thanks for contacting Cambridge TownInfo centre, have a great day!
Hello- I would like some information about visiting Corpus Christi please|Corpus christi is a college located in the centre of town. The phone number is 01223338000 and is located at king's parade.
Can I have the post code please?|The postcode is cb21rh.
Is there an entrance fee?|the admission is 2 pounds.
Can you also find me a place to stay in the centre?|There are several places that are located in the same area, can you give me some more preferences?
I'd like a moderately priced hotel with free wifi and parking.|I have 4 available hotels in the centre. Two of them have a cheap price range, and two have an expensive range. Would one of these do?
I'm looking for a moderate priced hotel for 6 people and 5 nights from Sunday.|I'm sorry, I'm not pulling up any matches.
Okay, how about a moderately-priced hotel in the south area instead that has free wifi and free parking?|I have two guesthouses that match your request; the Aylesbray Lodge and Bridge Guesthouse. Aylesbray has 4 stars and Bridge Guesthouse has 3. Which would you prefer?
Aylesbray sounds good. I need a booking for six, five nights starting from sunday.|Booking was successful reference number is GS1J7NYI. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
That is all I need today, thank you for your help.|You are welcome, have a blessed day.
I would like to book a train to Leicester that leaves on Saturday.|Yes, do you have a certain time you'd like to leave or arrive by?
I'd like to leave after 15:15 please.|Would you like to book a seat on TR1832? It will leave at 15:21 and arrive at 17:06, 105 minutes later. It will cost 30.24 pounds.
Yes, can you please book that for me and send me a reference number. Thank you|Booking was successful, the total fee is 30.24 GBP payable at the station. Your reference number is VHWYUF80
i also want to check out some museums while i'm in town.|What area are you interested in?
In the centre, please|sure, there are several in that area. including art galleries and history museums.
If you can go ahead and recommend one and provide me with the phone number and address please. Thanks so much.|broughton house gallery is located at 98 King Street and their phone number is 01223314960. Do you need anything else?
That's all for today.  Thank you for your help!|Thank you for calling today.
please find me a good cinema to go|what about vue cinema? It's located in the centre.
Can I have the postcode and phone number?|Sure. The postcode is CB11PS and the phone number is 08712240240.
I'm also looking for a place to stay in. Can you find me a 4 star place?|We have 21 hotels and guesthouses ranked 4 stars. Do you have a particular area of the city you'd like to stay in?
I would like something in the west. It doesn't need to have internet.|There are 3 hotels in the west. Two are cheap and one is expensive. Do you have a price preference?
Let's go with the cheap one.|There are 2. Would you like to stay in a guesthouse, or in a hotel?
A hotel would be perfect!|Ok.  So that is the cambridge belfry.  Should I make a reservation for you?
What is the price range?|The cambridge belfry is in the cheap range, with 4 star rating has internet and parking. Should I book a room for you?
Yes, that would be wonderful.|how many people should i book for?
One person, please.|for how many days and starting when do i book?
For 1 day|What day would you like to check in?
What days are available?|They have a very flexible schedule. Please give me a day of the week and I will look for you.
I don't actually need to book a room right now, can you just give me the price range that is in?|As I mentioned before, the Cambridge Belfry is in the cheap range. Will there be anything else for you today?
No. I believe that is all. Thank you for your assistance.|Thank you for allowing me to assist you. Feel free to call back for more information.
I am needing a place in the centre area to dine at while I am seeing attractions in cambridge?|Do you have any food preferences?
I'm starving and will only be satisfied with some spanish food, please!|We have two spanish restaurants in the city centre. La tasca is moderately priced, and La raza is cheap. Do you have a preference?
I would like to try the moderately priced one please.|Okay! Would you like for me to make you a reservation?
Yes, please.  Can I get a table for 3 on Tuesday at 19:30?|I was able to book you a table they will hold it for 15 minutes. Your reference number is U7OJBNT7. Is there anything else I can help with?
I'm looking for an architecture attraction in town. Any suggestions?|There are 5 architecture attractions located in the centre. Most of them are free.
I would like to have the area, phone number, and entrance fee please|How about all saints church?  They are located on jesus lane, it's free and in the centre. Phone 01223452587. Can I help with anything else today?
Thank you. Can you also help me with a taxi from all saints church to La tasca in time for my dinner reservation?|Congrats you got the black BMW enjoy your ride to a and b guesthouse.
What is the contact number for the taxi?|Your taxi has been changed to a blue bmw with the contact number of 07281712585. It will take you from all saints church to La tasca. Anything else?
That is all I need, thank you, goodbye!|excellent, have a great day!
I'd like to know the location of Clare Hall.|Claire Hall is located on herschel road in the west side of town. Do you need more information?
Do you have clare hall's address?|Sure.  Clare Hall is on Herschel Road.
Can I also get the phone number please?|Sure, their phone number is 01223332360. Anything else?
Yes, I am looking for a train that leaves Ely and arrives by 16:30.|Sure, where will you be going to, and on what day?
I will be going to cambridge and I can arrive whenever.|What day will you take the train?
I will be leaving Ely on Sunday.|The TR5703 meets your criteria. Would you like to book tickets?
Yes please, for 3 people|Booking was successful, the total fee is 10.56 GBP payable at the station .
Reference number is : TDBKS2EJ. Can i help with anything else today?
That'll be all for today, thank you.|enjoy your stay in Cambridge!
I have been working all week in Cambridge and need to blow off some steam, what nigthclubs are in the centre area?|There are 5 nightclubs in the centre. The names are ballare, club salsa, kambar, soul tree nightclub, and the fez club.
Fez Club sounds great! Is the phone number available?|The phone number for The Fez Club is 01223519224 and they are located at 8 Market Passage. The entrance fee is 5 pounds. Have fun!
Thank you, I will! I also need info for a train.|I can certainly help you with that. What are your departure and arrival cities?
I need to depart from Cambridge and arive in Peterborough, Wednesday, no later than 20:15.|Train # TR4875 leaves Cambridge on Wednesday 19:06 and arrives in Peterborough at 19:56. Would you like me to book your ticket?
Would you please? I would like 5 tickets.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 82.5 GBP payable at the station, your reference number is 1A27YHAA. Will that be all?
Yes thank you for all the help.|You are quite welcome, thank you for using our services. Can I be of any further assistance today?
No that is it. Thank you.|You are most welcome!
I'm looking for Holy trinity church.|It's on Market Street the postcode is cb23nz and their phone number is 01223355397.  Is there anything else you would like to know about this attraction?
No, I think you gave me everything, thanks!|You're certainly welcome. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
I'm looking for a hotel to stay that has free wifi, but doesn't need to have free parking.|We have many options available to you that may suit you is there a particular part of town that you would prefer?
No, surprise me! Just has to be cheap and a hotel.|The Cambridge Belfry would suit you. It's in the west and is cheap. Would you like me to book you a room?
Do you know if they offer free parking?|Yes they do.
Please book it for 1 person for 3 nights starting tuesday.|Okay, your reference number is : VNH1WIJB. Is there anything else I could help you with?
Yes, I also need a taxi from the hotel to the Holy trinity church. I want to leave the hotel by 21:30.|Okay, I've booked you a black bww and its contact number is 07157659853. Is there anything else?
That should be all.  Thank you for your help!|Thank you goodbye.
Please find a place to eat in the moderate price range in the north.|There are two great restaurants to choose from. One is a chinese restaurant and on is a indian resaurant. Do you have a preference?
Let's go with Indian. Can you book me a table for Thursday at 14:00 for 8 people?|Your table at The Nirala will be reserved for 15 minutes. The reference number is AM8RPHXF. Can I help you with anything else?
Yes, i am looking for a boat attraction to visit near the restaurant.|There is the riverboat georgina boat attraction in postcode cb43ax. Do you want to book a seat?
Book me a seat get phone number and entrance fee cost. I need a taxi that will arrive at the restaurant and take me to the boat attraction.|Unfortunately bookings are not avialable, but the phone is 01223902091 and the price is unavailable. What time would you like the taxi for?
I want the taxi to arrive at the restaurant in time for my reservation at 14:00. Please tell me the car type and contact number for my taxi too.|I have booked a yellow volvo. The number to reach them is 07941084568. Was there anything else you needed today?
No, that's all for today. Thanks for your help. Goodbye.|You are very welcome, have a great day.
Can you suggest something to do on the east side of town?|There are a lot of things to do. What would you like ?
Something that is entertainment, please.|I'd recommend Funky Fun House. Would you like more information?
Yes I would like more information about the Funky Fun House.|They are an entertainment attraction in the east. They are located at 8 Mercers Row, Industrial Estate. The postcode is cb58hy.
I'm also looking for a guesthouse in the North area of town, something on the less expensive side, if possible.|I'd recommend acorn guest house. It's moderately priced with free internet and parking. Would you like a room?
yes book for 6 people for 3 nights starting from Friday|Booking was successful. Reference number is : 9VNGOGLF. Is there anything else I can help you with?
That would be all thank you goodbye|Thanks for letting us assist you today.  Have a great trip!
I'm interested in finding a train that leaves after 09:15 on Monday|Where are you leaving from and going to?
I'm leaving from Broxbourne and would like to go to Cambridge.|May I recommend the 9:32 train from Broxbourne to Cambridge on Monday?
Sure. Thank you. I would like to book that train for 7 people. Please give me the reference number.|Your reference number is LMJ7AQ90. Is there anything else I can help you with?
i also want a place to go in the centre|I can help you with a variety of attractions in the Centre, was there anything in particular you wanted to see or do?
No, can you recommend something?|The Cambridge contemporary art museum is very nice and free!
What is their address?|6 Trinity Street. Is there anything else?
No that will be all thank you.|You're welome, have a great time in Cambridge.  Goodbye.
I need help booking a train.  Can you help me?|I would be happy to help.  What day will you be travelling and from which station?
I would like to leave on Saturday from Liecester and arrive by 18:30.|I'm sorry, there are no trains leaving Liecester on Saturday.
I need a train to go from Leicester to Cambridge. This will be on Satruday. Please, look again.|Yes sorry there are some here but the earliest time I have leaving is at 19:09.
Yes, please give me the train id for one.|Sure, TR5790 is the train leaving at 19:09.
I'm also looking for an attraction in the Centre, what do you recommend?|what type of attraction do you want?
I don't know, let's say a museum. I need the address too.|castle galleries is quite nice, they are at unit su43, grande arcade, saint andrews st. Free admission too
Free is the right price tag for me. I appreciate all your help, that's it for today. Have a great day!|Glad I could help, have a great day.
You too and thank you for your help.  I;m looking forward to a nice day.|That's wonderful! Bye for now!
I am looking for a restaurant near the centre, moderate priced, please.|Yes, are you wanting any particular type of food?
I would like british food please.|How about the restaurant one seven that serves British food and is in the moderate price range?
That sounds great.  Can you book a table for 8 people on Friday at 13:30?|I have made those reservations. Your reference number is F9G08K4X.
I am looking for places to go in town. The attraction should be in the type of museum and should be in the same area as the restaurant|I have 11 museums in that area. The castle galleries is one of my favorites. Would you like more information?
Yes. May I have the number and address?|their address is unit su43, grande arcade, saint andrews street, cb23bj. phone number is 01223307402. anythin else?
That is everything thank you.|You're welcome, Have a great day.
I'm looking for a train that leaves from London Liverpool Street on Thursday, is there any information you can give me about something like that?|Yes. Trains leave from London Liverpool Street every two hours, starting at 05:39. Was there a particular time of day you were interested in?
I would like to arrive by 11:00 in Cambridge.|There are three choices. The TR3839 departs London at 05:39 and arrives Cambridge at 07:07. That's the earliest departure. Would you like to book a ticket?
Yes, for 3 people, please.|Success! Your 3 seats are reserved and the total will be 49.8 GBP, payable at the station. Your reference number is SQ22G015. Can I do anything further for you?
Yes, I'd also like to find a place to go. I was thinking a nightclub would be fun.|Which area would you like for the nightclub?  we have 5 in centre and 1 in south.
It doesn't matter, what would you recommend?|In my opinion, the nicest one is Kambar nightclub. It's in the centre of town. Would you like more information on it?
Sure, can I have the phone number and address?|Their phone number is 01223842725, and they are located at 1 wheeler street.
Great! Thanks for your help today!|You're welcome! Is there anything else I can do for you?
No, you've covered everything.  Goodbye.|Goodbye! Have a great day!
Can you tell me about Christ's College?|It is in the center of town. What else would you like to know?
Do you happen to have the telephone number for Christ's College?|I sure do! It's 01223334900. Can I help you with any other information searches today?
I also need a train leaving from bishops stortford to cambridge.|What time do you wish to leave?
I need to leave on Friday some time after 21:30.|There is a train that leaves at 23:29, TR3547.  Would you like me to confirm the reservation for you?
Yes, that would be great.|Perfect. Your total fee is 10.1 GBP payable at the station .
Reference number is : 9C24B086.
Thank you very much, I've got what I need.|Wonderful. Have a great day.
Hi! Can you help me figure out some train schedules? I need to travel by train on Tuesday, and I need to arrive at my destination by 19:00.|Can you tell me your destination and departure locations, please?
Yes I am leaving Cambridge for Stansted Airport.|I have train TR7743 that will arrive by 18:08, would you like me to book a ticket for you?
whats the price  of tickets?|10.10 pounds, per ticket.
Perfect. I also need to book a museum in the west. What options do you have?|I have many options! Cage jello gallery, cambridge and couny folk museum, kettle's yard and lynne strover gallery to name a few. Do any of those stand out?
Yeah can you give me the Cage jello gallery's address, phone number and postcode please?|Cafe jello is located at cafe jello gallery, 13 magdalene street. Post code is cb30af. The phone number is 01223355159.
Thank so much!|Is there anything else you need help with?
Yes, I also need the travel time for the train TR7743.|The travel time is 28 minutes.
Thank you so much! That is all I need today.|If that is all you need today you are very welcome. I hope you enjoy your trip and have a wonderful day.
Hi, Are there any theatres in the south part of town?|Yes, The Junction Theatre is in the South part of town.  Would you like their phone number and postcode?
Yes, and I would also like to know the entrance fee.|The Junction is located on Clifton Way, CB17GX. They can be reached at 01223511511. Unfortunately I do not have any information on their entrance fees. Is there anything else?
I'm also looking for the Carolina Bed and Breakfast. Is that in Cambridge?|Yes, the Carolina Bed and Breakfast is on 138 Perne Road, in the east of the city. Do you need more information about it, or a booking?
I need to know if they have internet service.|Yes, that place does have internet. Would you like me to book it?
Yes I would like a booking please. It will be just me.|What is the first day you want to stay and how many nights will you be staying?
Actually, I don't need a reservation at this time. Thank you for all your help - I'm good to go.|Okay, is there anything else that I can help you with?
No, that's all. Goodbye.|Enjoy your movie!
Yes, I'm looking for a place to stay.  My family can't wait to visit some of the local attractions there.|I can help with that. Do you have a preference ?
They really dislike the small size of most guesthouses, so why don't we look for hotels instead.|Where does your budget lie, between expensive and cheap?
Moderate pricing and book it for 2 people for 5 nights starting on Weds and i need ref number|I have a place called the Lovell Lodge. I was able to book you successfully. Reference number is : MKVVDABX. Is there anything else I can help you with?
yes, i'm looking for information on an attraction called byard art|Byard Art is a fantastic free museum on the south side of town. It's located at 14 King's Parade, cb21sj.
What's the fee for that?|It is actually free.  What else can I tell you?
I would like a taxi between the hotel and the museum.|Can you tell me what time you would like the taxi to leave after or arrive by?
I want to leave the hotel by 24:45, so it will be from Lovell Lodge to Byard Art|I have your taxi reservation made.  What else can I do for you?
Can I get the contact number and car type?|Of course! The car type is yellow Toyota. The contact number is 07952079804. Can I help you with anything else today?
I think that'll be all. Thank you for your help.|you're welcome. thank you for using the system. have a good day.
I need somewhere to stay. Should have free parking and free wifi|What area of town and what is your price range?
The centre of town and with a moderate price range. Nothing too expensive.|What day do you need your reservation and for how many people and how long will you stay?
I don't need to make a reservation. I am just looking for information on a hotel. Can you help me find a 4 star hotel in the North?|There are 6 hotels in the north part of the city that fall in the moderate price range, have free wifi and parking, and have 4 stars. Any other specifications?
I'm not looking to book yet, can you tell me their price ranges?|They're all in the moderate price range.
I need one near a swimmingpool.|There are two Swimming pools in the north. There are no hotels with 4 stars, moderate price range, internet and free wifi. Would you like to change your search?
I guess I'll change my price range. Are there any expensive hotels with all the amenities that I'd like along with free parking?|Unfortunately, I do not have any that are in the expensive range. I have several 4-star moderately priced hotels or can I look for something else for you?
On the swimming pool, what's the phone number and entrance fee?|Please pick a pool first; Jesus Green Outdoor Pool or Kings Hedges Learner Pool?
Let's go with Kings Hedges Learner Pool.|Their phone number is 01223353248. As for entrance fee, I don't have the information to provide to you. I apologize.
That's ok. I need a taxi to take me to and from the hotel and pool. I want to leave the pool by 02:15.|We will have to know which hotel you are staying at first before booking a taxi.
Okay. Is there a hotel close to Kings Hedges Learner Pool that has free parking and wifi? I would prefer a four star location in the north.|There are seven that meet those requirements. Might I suggest the Acorn Guest House? I've heard it's quite nice.
What is the price range for the Acorn guest house?|The price there is moderate.
Thank you! I'd also like to find a swimming pool in the area.|There are two swimming pools in the north, Jesus Green Outdoor Pool and King Hedges Learner Pool. Do you have a preference between the two?
King Hedges Learner Pool will still be fine. I'd like a taxi to pick me up there at 02:15 and take me to the Acorn Guest House.|Great! I have a yellow toyota picking you up at 02:15. The contact number is 07441551293. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
That's all. Thank you for the help!|No problem at all. Have a great day.
i need places to go in town|Did you want architecture or a church?
It's doesn't matter what attraction it is just as long as it's in the west. Do you have any recommendations?|Sure. I suggest Churchill College, on storey's way.
Can I get their postcode and entrance fee please?|The postcode is 	cb30ds and the entrance fee is free.
Excellent. I also need a place to stay. I want a guesthouse in that area. And I'll need parking.|finches bed and breakfast is a 4 star guesthouse in the west part of town in the cheap price range with parking and wifi included.
Sounds like a match, Can we book for 3, starting on monday and going 4 nights?|The booking was successful, your reference number is 0603AU17. Is there anything else I can help you find today?
No that is it. Thank you.|You are welcome!  Enjoy your stay.
Please find me a train out of bishops stortford on Tuesday|No problem!  When are you looking to depart?
I need to leave on Tuesday after 17:45.|The earliest train after that time is TR9286. It departs at 19:29 and arrives in Cambridge at 20:07. Would that work for you?
Can you book it for me and get a reference number ?|How many tickets would you like?
I would like to book it for 8 people, and if I can have the reference number. I wil also be looking for a museum in the centre.|Okay I was able to book that for you and your reference number is 3UMAE1F5.
That's perfect, I want to visit some museums in the town center with the family. Can you suggest some?|how about broughton house gallery? it looks lovely.
That sounds great can I get the phone number and postcode?|Their postcode is cb11in. Their phone number is 01223314960. Will that be all?
Yes. that is all for now. good bye!|Have a great trip!
I need a train for Tuesday after 12:30|Where would you  like to go
I need to go from Cambridge to Bishops Stortford.|TR2771 leaves at 13:29. Would you like me to book a reservation for you?
Yes, please. I'll need it booked for 5 people. Can I please have the reference number?|Booking was successful, the total fee is 50.5 GBP payable at the station .Reference number is : 38589BRC. what else can i do for you?
I'm looking for a place to go in the south. I'd like it to be of the type multiple sports.|The only multiple sports is located in the east. Can I get you information for that place?
Yes, since there is no multiple sports location can you pleas find me something in the east.|There are ten places in the east to pick form, any specific interest in a type of place?
Anything that would be entertainment.|funky fun house and also cherry hinton hall and grounds are both in the east.
Can I get the address to the funky house?|They are at 8 mercers row, mercers row industrial estate, postal cb58hy, no info on entrance fee but they can be reached at 01223304705 to answer that.
Great that's all I needed to know today, thank you.|Thank you for using our system today!
I'm planning a trip to Cambridge and need a 4 star place with wifi to stay. It doesn't matter if its a hotel or guesthouse, just 4 star please.|There are 21 guesthouses offering free wifi. Do you have a price range?
It should be cheap and include free parking.|I have 8 results. What area would you like?
No particular area. What do you recommend?|I recommend finches bed and breakfast, that've got some good reviews.
Oh thats great. Please assist to book that for 5 nights starting from Saturday and if it fails then Tuesday. Please send me the reference number when you are done.|Booking was successful for Saturday.
Reference number is : 5LQHD9SU. Can I help with anything else?
Yes, I'm looking for entertainment attractions located in the centre.|I'm sorry there are no matches.
Okay, perhaps you can find a college that I can visit.|There are five colleges available in the centre area. How about Downing College? The entrance fee is free.
Sounds great.  What is the address?|it is on regent street
i also want a taxi to commute between the two places|Okay, do you need the taxi to go to the restaurant or the attraction?
I want to leave the attraction at 09:45 and head to the restaurant.|Sure, you will be expecting a black lexus , their contact  number  is  07988632177
Thank you so much.|you are welcome, enjoy yourself.
I'll be travelling to Cambridge to do some sightseeing and need a place to stay.  I'd love to stay in a guesthouse rather than a hotel.|I have 24 options to choose from. Do you have a preference for area, stars, pricerange or internet?
I would really like something in the North with a two star rating.|I am sorry but I am not showing any 2 star guesthouse in the North. Would you like to me check availability for 3 or 4 star in the North?
How about some options for 2 star hotels instead of guesthouses.|I still can't find anything that matches that. Could you like us to look at other areas of the  city?
Are there any other type of hotels that match?|I'm terribly sorry, I have nothing that has two stars in the north at all.
I really need a hotel room in the north with a 2 star rating. Can you please double check?|I just double checked and nothing. Do you want to try another star rated hotel?
Well, maybe you can help me find an attraction called the Gallery at Twelve a High Street.|The gallery at twelve a high street is a museum on the eastside. address is fulbourn, postcode cb15dh. Phone number is 01223295264. Entrance is free. Anything else you need today?
No that is ok. Thank you.|Thank you! Goodbye.
Can you help me find a nightclub to go to located in the centre? Thanks.|There are many to chose from. Do you want a recommendation?
Yes please make a suggestion.|Of course I would recommend kambar located at 1 wheeler street.  The entrance fee is 5 pounds.  Would you like their phone number?
Yes, and their postcode as well.|Their postcode is cb23qb. Can I help you with anything else today?
Yes, I need a train to Cambridge.|Sure, I can help with that. What day and time would you like to leave?
The train should arrive by 12:00 and should depart from peterborough.
The train should go to cambridge and should leave on monday.|There is a 12:19 that will arrive by 13:09.  How does that sound?
Yes that is fine please make a booking for 7 people.|Reference number is : XV2WDRAA. Is there anything else you need?
Can I get the reference number for this?|The reference number is XV2WDRAA. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
That was all for today, thank you.|I'm happy to be of service, and thanks for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre!
I need a place to stay, can you help?|What price range and in what area?
I don't care about price, but I'd like to stay in the south.  I do like guesthouses better than hotels.|Do you have a preference of number of stars?
I do not have a star preference.|How about Aylesbray Lodge Guesthouse on Mowbray Road? It has 4 stars and is in the moderate price range.
Great. Can you tell me their post code, and if they have internet?|The postcode is cb17sr and they have internet. Would you like me to book it?
I'm not ready to book yet.  Would you also look up places I can visit while I am in town?|of course, any museums you're interested in?
I'd like to find a very nice park out in the south.|I would recommend sheep's green and lammas land park fen causeway
Can I have their address and postcode.|Of course! Their address is fen causeway, newnham road and the post code is cb22ad.
I also need to book a taxi to leave the hotel by 05:45, contact number and car type.|Booking completed!
Booked car type	:	grey audi
Contact number	:	07742989750
Help Desk : (Your response)
Thanks for your help!|Have a great day!
Can you get me information on a theatre to visit?|I have several options for you.  What area would you like to visit a theater in?
Hmm.. whatever theater you would recommend for me. I would like the number, entrance free, and postcode.|The Mumford Theatre in the centre of town is well known. Their number is 08451962320 and they are in the cb1pt postcode. I'm sorry, I don't have entrance fee info.
Thank you. I am also looking for a place to eat. Maybe Italian food?|We have fifteen Italian restaurants. Do location or price range matter?
I'd like someplace expensive in the center.|I have 4 to choose from. If I may, might I suggest Caffe Uno. They have wonderful food and great service. They are located at 32 Bridge Street City Centre.
that sounds great. Could you book 7 people for 16:00 on Sunday?|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Reference number is : N831LHZU
Great.  Thanks for all your help!|You're sure welcome!  Can I help you further?
Could you also book me a taxi to commute between those places?|I will need to know your departure time to book the taxi..
I'm really not to sure.|I've booked a taxi from mumford theatre arriving at Caffe Uno before your 16:00 reservation. You will be taking a yellow Lexus and can reach the driver at 07565050556
That's perfect.  Thanks so much!|Can I help you with anything else?
No that is all I need today.|okay, have a great trip! Bye!
I'm looking for a place to go in the centre.|Ok, there are 44 different attractions in the centre. Any particular type?
Nothing particular.  Maybe a cinema?|The Vue Cinema is exactly what you're looking for! It's located at The Grafton Centre, East Road. Do you want any more information?
Can you give me the phone number and postcode?|Phone number is 08712240240 and postcode is cb11ps. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Yes, can you reserve a table at a restaurant for 2 people at 15:15 on saturday. Type of food doesn't matter just in the same area as the attraction.|how about bedouin? it looks lovely
Sounds good. Please book|I've booked you at bedouin on Saturday at 15:15. Your Reference number is : OM74MYOM.
I also need a taxi to get to the restaurant by 15:15.|Booking completed!
Booked car type	:	red ford
Contact number	:	07349747219
Thanks, that's all I needed today. Goodbye!|Okay great let us know if you need anymore assistance.
Hi there.  I am excited about seeing some local tourist attractions.  Can you help me find a place to stay while I am there?|Absolutely we have 79 attractions, do you have a type?
Seventy-nine, wow this is going to be so much fun!  Anyway I need a 0 star hotel with free parking.|I'm sorry there are not any matches for what you are looking for.  How about a guesthouse instead of a hotel?
Yes, that would be fine.  Something in the west would be great.|I'm sorry, but there is nothing with 0 stars in the west.
What about in the center?|Yes I found one guesthouse called el shaddai. Would you like to book a room?
Yes, please. I need to book it for 2 people and 4 nights starting from Friday.|I was able to make the booking. 
Reference number is : MNL7UFXJ.
Thank you. I am also looking for a place to go in town. I would prefer something near the hotel.|I highly suggest the Vue Cinema. Would you like more information?
That will be fine. I'll need the postcode and attraction type?|The postcode is cb11ps and the attraction type is cinema.
Thank You!, I will need to book a taxi that can depart by 12:30, please provide me with contact and the type of car.|I have booked your taxi. Be expecting a yellow BMW. Please call 07643657212 should you need to reach them.
thanks alot for yor help. that is all for today|Have a great time.
I will, thanks! You have a great day to. Bye.|You're welcome.
I'm looking for a train, it should leave on tuesday and should depart from cambridge|Sure. Do you have any preference for departure or arrival time?
I want to depart from cambridge on tuesday at 14:00 and go to bishops stortford|TR8017 leaves at 15:29. Would you like me to book that for you?
Yes, please. I'll need 8 tickets.|I was able to book those tickets for you. Your reference number is 0MHT5ESU. Is there anything more I can assist you with?
Can you give me a few places to go in town for architecture?|For architecture you have all saints church, old school, holy trinity church, and little saints mary's church.  Would you like any information on any of those?
Yeah, holy trinity church sounds good. Can I get the postcode for that?|Yes, it's postcode cb23nz. Would you also like their address or phone number?
Nah, that's all I needed.|Great, text us back anytime, and have a good day!
hello.  I'm trying to get to kings lynn on sunday.  can you help?|Of course. To be of better service can I ask your departure location and what time you would like to arrive on Sunday?
Depart from cambridge and arriving by 0930 please|TR8042 will depart cambridge Sunday at 8:11 and arrive in Kings Lynn at 8:58.  How many tickets would you like to book?
That will work, I just need 1 ticket please and also the reference number.|I've booked it. Your reference number is 6UPAI5J3. What else can I do for you today?
what attractions do you have in the centre of town?|There are multiple types of attractions in the centre of town. What are you interested in so I can better help you?
Something located in the city centre. Also may I have their phone number?|We have 44 entries in the area. What type would you like?
I am not entirely sure. What would you recommend?|Are you interested in archaeology? Our Museum of Archaelogy and Anthropology might interest you. Or if you want to exercise, Parkside Pools would be a fun venue.
The Museum of Archaelogy and Anthropology sounds good. Can I get the phone number?|Their phone number is 01223333516
Great, that's all I need, thank you!|Awesome, have a great day!
I'm just looking for a place to go in the centre of the town.|I have 44 attractions in the centre of town.  What type of attraction are you looking for?
What do you recommend I need the phone number and entrance fee information as well.|I would recommend the old schools. The address is trinity lane and it's free admission. Will this work?
Perfect. May I have the entrance fee and phone number please?|The entrance fee is free and the phone number is 01223332320.
I'm also looking for a train that departs after 13:00 from Stevenage.|sure, what's your destination?
It should be going to Cambridge|TR7785 leaves at 13:54. Would you like me to book it?
Yes. Book for 8 people please.|I was able to book it for you the reference number is I9C3W0X1. The cost is 102.40 gbp that you can pay at the station.
Okay, great! That's all I needed. Thanks! Have a good day!|Thank you for using our system!
Do you have any places to stay in the west that include free parking?|Yes, we have four, two guesthouses and two hotels. Do you have a preference?
Are any of those in the cheap price range with free wifi as well?|I have two options, a guest house and a hotel. Which do you prefer.
I would like the hotel for one person for 4 nights starting on Friday|I'm sorry, but they have no vacancy at that time. Would you like to try a shorter stay, or perhaps a different arrival day?
Yes, let's try for just one night please.|I have successfully booked you a room at The Cambridge Belfry for Friday. Your reference number is DE3B03B6. Is there anything else I can do for you?
Yeah, could I find someplace in the same area of town to go to do something?|magdalene college would be nice for you
I would like a guesthouse in the moderate price range. Do you think you could find one for me?|What part of town would you like to stay in?
I have no preference, but the guesthouse should include free parking.|Acorn guest house meets all your needs, would you like to book that?
That's perfect. I would like to book it for 1 person. It needs to be for 4 nights beginning Saturday.|I'm sorry, but the Acorn Guest House doesn't have those dates available. Would you like to try for a different day or shorter stay?
Yes, please try booking for 2 nights.|Your booking for 2 nights at the Acorn Guesthouse was a success! Your reference number is R4ES2ZFT. What else can I do for you today?
Are there any attractions to see in town?  I'm interested in going to a museum if any exist.|We have 79 museums listed. Would you like a certain area of town?
Which is your favorite museum? If you'll get me their postcode, entrance fee, and phone number, I'll give them a call.|I would recommend the Broughton House Gallery.  It has a free entrance.
Ok, that sounds great.|The postcode is cb11ln and address is 98 King Street.  The phone number there is 01223314960.  Anything else?
Yes, I'd like to get a taxi from the hotel to the museum please.|When do you want to leave?
I'd like to leave the Acorn by 5:00 if possible.|Your taxi booking was a success! The taxi will be a red Lexus with contact number 07432305998.
Okay great! That is all I need. Thank you.|I am happy to have helped.  Thank you, have a nice day.  Good bye.
I would like the address to the Carolina Bed and Breakfast hotel in Cambridge.|It is located at 138 perne road
What is the price range of the Carolina Bed and Breakfast?|It's in the moderate price range.
Thanks, I'm also looking for places to go in town. I'm particularly interested in colleges. Any recommendations?|I have 18 different colleges available. Is there a particular area of town or price range you're looking for?
You can choose which ever is best, can I have the postcode?|Clare Hall is a favorite of mine is the west. The post code is cb39al. May I help you with anything else?
No that takes care of it,thank you|I'm happy we could be of service, and I hope you enjoy your time in Cambridge!
Can you help me find a restaurant that serves indian food in the centre?|Yes I have some can I get the price range you would like?
I'm not concerned with price. I do need a reservation for 7 at 15:30 on Wednesday.|I will book you at the best--The Kohinoor. Your booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Reference number is : MRRV4AHE. Anything else I can do for you?
Thanks. I also want to find a museum to visit while I am in town.  Any type will be fine.|The museum of archaelogy and anthropology on university of cambridge, downing street is quite a gem and there's no charge to get in
That sounds great. Could I have the address please?|The address is university of cambridge downing street.
what is their  entrance fee?|THey are free of charge, that is always good for the wallet.   Anything else that I can assist with today?
That'll be all, thanks for all your help today!|I am glad to help thank you and ghoodbye
I want to take a train to cambridge on thursday.|There are 202 trains to Cambridge that day.
I am leaving London Kings Cross and I need to arrive by 14:15.|TR2512 will depart at 13:17 and arrive at 14:08. The trip will take 51 minutes and it will cost 23.60 pounds. Would you like book?
No, not yet. I would like to know what kinds of colleges I can visit whilst I'm in town though.|We have many options, 18 to be exact, any preference for area?
Could you recommend a college that is enjoyed by the most people? I would like the college's phone number and entrance fee, please.|Clare college costs 2.50 pounds to enter. Their phone number is 01223333200. Anything more for you today?
Nope, that takes care of all my needs! Thanks, goodbye!|Happy to help, have a great day!
Hello!  I need to book a train from Cambridge to Peterborough.|The TR9859 will take you there on friday.  Need a ticket?
I need the train to leave after 18:45 on Sunday.|Sure,  TR7734 will get you to Peterborough on Sunday.  It leaves at 19:06.  How does that work?
What is the total travel time?|The total travel time is 50 minutes and the price is 13.20 pounds. Would you like to book a seat?
Yes, please book that for me.  I'm also looking for Club Salsa.  Can you tell me where that is located?|How many tickets are you needing?
one ticket please|Booking was successful, the total fee is 13.2 GBP payable at the station.  Your reference number is : CZ4831YE. Can I help with anything else?
Yes, I'm trying to find out where Club Salsa is, and what the postcode and phone number are please.|Club Salsa is located at 1 station road. The post code is cb12jb. The phone number is 07782218745. Can I be of further assistance?
I'm not familiar with that address.  What part of town is that in?|It is in the Centre.
Thank you. Those are my questions for today. Goodbye.|Have a wonderful day!
I am looking for a specific hotel.|Not a problem. If you give me the name, or as much of the name as you remember, I can try to find that for you.
It was arbury lodge guesthouse.|Of course. That's in the north part of town and moderately priced. Would you like me to book a room?
Yes I need one for 4 nights for two people staring from Saturday.|Booking was successful.
Reference number is : 04UQ2GXW.
Thanks! Can you also tell me if there are any multiple sports attractions in the center of town?|sorry, there are none, can we try another area?
How about a nightclub instead?|There are five options, i personally recommend Kambar, would you like more info?
I like the name. Could you give me Kambar's address, postcode and entrance fee please?|Kambar is at 1 Wheeler Street. The postcode is cb23qb and the entrance fee is 5 pounds.
Can you book me a taxi and give me the contact number and car type? It should pick me up from the hotel at 13:45 and take me to Kambar|Your car has been booked. The car is a black Honda and the contact number is 07050481392. Anything else you need help with today?
No, there is nothing else I need today.|You are welcome, have a great day.
I am planning a trip in Cambridge.|Well how can I help you with that?
I am looking for architecture attractions to visit.|There are about 5 in town and they are all located in the centre area. Are you looking for one in particular?
No, any of them will do.  Could you give me the phone number and postcode?|Great Saint Mary's Church is in postcode cb23pq and their phone number is 01223350914. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I'm also looking for a train from cambridge to norwich that arrives by 12:30 on sunday.|The TR9533 train arrives at 11:55.  May I book it for you?
no what is the travel time on that?|The travel time for that route is 79 minutes. Anything more I can help with?
No, that will be all. Thank you for your help!|You are very welcome. Have we met all of your needs today?
yes thank you that will be all|Okay sounds good let me know if you need anything else. thank you
No that is everything I need from you today.|Have a wonderful day.
I am looking for information on a restaurant called saigon city?|Sure, it's located at 169 High Street Chesterton Chesterton.
I would like to book a table for 15:00 on Tuesday for 8 people.|You're all set. Your reference number is QZPCEBYU.
Great, thank you. I'm also looking for a museum in town, do you have any recommendations?|There are many wonderful museums in town.  Do you have a specific type of museum that you would like to visit?
Would you recommend one near the restaurant for us?|Sure, the Broughton House Gallery meets your criteria.Would you like their information?
Yes, I'd love to have their phone number, postcode, and area please|They are in the centre area at 98 king street cb11in. Their phone number is 01223314960. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
That is all I need today, thank you.|Thank you for using our services.
What can you tell me about Great Saint Mary's Church?|Yes, it is a beautiful place known for architecture located in the centre area.  It is on market square and has an entrance fee of 2 pounds.
Can I get the phone number please?|01223350914, is the phone. Need anything else?
Yes. I am also looking for a train from Cambridge that arrives at 18:45.|There are many that arrive at that time, what destination would you like?
I am going to london kings cross on wednesday.|I have a train TR372 leaving cambridge at 5:00 and arriving at london kings cross 5:51. Would you like to reserve this?
Yes, please.  I need 6 tickets and a reference number.|The booking was successful. The total fee for 6 tickets is 141.6 GBP, and the reference number is DP9XQXKS. Is there anything else you need help with?
That's all! Thank you!|You are very welcome. Have a nice day. Goodbye.
Do you have directions to a guesthouse I can rent in the west of Cambridge?|i have a variety. if you can narrow down your choice by price range and maybe rating.
A 3 star rating would be perfect.|Hobsons House is at address 96 barton road postcode cb39lh and their phone number is 01223304906.
Great, can you help me find some place to go in the Centre, maybe a college?|There are 13 to choose from, are you looking for one with free admission?
That doesn't actually matter. You can choose the one you most recommend and then please tell me the phone number and postcode|How about Christ's college?
Yeah that is fine, can I get their phone number and zip code?|Absolutely. Their phone number is 01223334900. The postcode is cb23bu. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Yes, I also need a taxi to go between the two. I want to leave the hotel by 20:45.|Booked car type	:	white bmw. Is there anything else I can help with?
That's it for me today. Thanks so much! Bye!|Your welcome. Contact us again anytime. Good Bye!
I need a place to go, something interesting to see. I was thinking maybe a college.|There are 18 colleges in the area. What parts of town are you willing to travel to?
recommend one and give me its address|I'd suggest corpus christi college on king's parade, cb21rh. The entrance fee is 2 pounds. Can I help you with anything else?
Thank you. Can you also help me find a restaurant? I think the name is Zizzi Cambridge.|Certainly. Zizzi Cambridge is an Italian restaurant located in the Centre at 47-53 Regent Street, post code cb21ab. Their phone number is 01223365599. Would you like to book a reservation?
Yes please. I would like the reservation to be at 17:00 for one person on Sunday.|Your table is booked.  They will hold the table for 15 minutes.  Your reference number is 9ZWHYZKH.  Is there anything else I can help with today?
Thanks.  I am all done here.|You're very welcome. Have a wonderful day!
I am looking for information in Cambridge. I need a train ticket. Can you help?|Certainly. What is your departure location and your arrival location?
I would like to depart from London Liverpool Street and arrive in Cambridge. I would like to leave Sunday and arrive by 16:45?|There are 6 days that arrive before 16:45 on this day. Did you have any other preferences?
The train that arrives closest to 16:45 is best. I just need to know what time it leaves and arrives. Oh and of course it's ID.|Of course! That will be TR6578 leaving at 13:39 and arriving at 15:07. The price is 13.28 pounds and it's an 88 minute duration. May I help with anything else?
Yes. I am looking for a place to go in the west part of town. With preference to college.|In the west part of town Clare College.  The entrance fee is 2.50 pounds.
Great that's all the information I need!|Alright. Enjoy your stay in Cambridge!
Thank you. Have a great day.|It has been my pleasure. Feel free to contact us with any other questions you may have in the future.
Yes i need to book at hotel.|Sure thing! Which area and price range?
Oh wait.  I really want to find a museum.|I have about 23 museums to choose from. Is there a certain area of town I can focus on?
What do you suggest? I don't know the town, so I don't have any idea where to go.|I would recommend the Broughton House Gallery, it is in the centre and the entrance fee is free. Would you like the address or phone number?
No, thanks! But will you please find me an expensive restaurant in the Centre part of town?|There are many expensive restaurants in Centre. Is there a certain type of cuisine that you prefer?
an expensive British restaurant, what would be one you would recommend?|oh may I suggest midsummer house, it's great and I go there all of the time
Sounds nice, I will book for 2 people at 14:30 on Wednesday.|Your reservation number is ZK239M8H. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No thank you.|Have a good time.
I'm looking for a nighclub in the south part of the town.|The Place is a nightclub in the South. Would you like their phone number or address?
Yes.  I want the address, postcode and phone number.|Their address is 22 sidney street, postcode cb23hg, and their phone number is 01223324600.
I also need a train. Cambridge to Leicester.|Sure, I can help you with that.  When were you looking to leave?
The train should leave on Saturday and arrive by 15:15.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 37.79 GBP payable at the station .
Reference number is : LN5I5NN8.
I would like to go to a museum.|Cambridge offers 23 museums. Is there an area of town you'd prefer?
No, just the one you like. I will need the address and phone number.|I would recommend the museum of classical archaeology. It's in the west side on sidgwick avenue. The phone number is 01223335153. Do you need anything else?
I am also looking for a train that should leave on sunday and go to london kings cross.|There are approx. 10 trains for that day and route. Can you tell me if you have a time you want to leave after or arrive by?
The train should depart from cambridge and should leave after 13:00|I have train TR9386 that will depart at 15:00 and arrive at 15:51.  Does that sound like it would work for you?
is there anything that leaves closer to 13:00??|Yes, the TR7447 Leaves at 13:00. How many tickets please?
How much does train TR9386 cost as I would prefer that one?|It costs 18.88 pounds.  Would you like me to book a ticket for you?
No, that will be it! Thank you!|Glad I could help you. Have a good day!
Hey. I'm looking for a train to stevenage|What day will you be traveling on?
I would like to travel on Monday evening.|Where will you be departing from?
Cambridge. And I'd like to leave after 18:00.|TR9082 leaves at 19:21 the cost is 12:80 pounds, do you want me to book you?
Yes. I'm also looking for a museum on the East side of town please.|I have 4 museums in the east. Cambridge Artworks, Cambridge Museum of Technology, Gallery at Twelve a High Street, and Saint Barnabas Press Gallery. Which would you like?
I would like Cambridge Artworks. Can you give me the phone number and postcode for it?|Phone is 01223902168 and the postcode is cb13ef.
Thank you for your help.|you're so welcome, is there anything else i can help you with?
No, I don't think so.  Thanks for your help!|Thank you goodbye
I need a place to stay in the cheap price range.|Alexander bed and breakfast is available
it should be  a star of 4 and should be in the type of guesthouse. is it?|yes it is . can i give you the contact?
I would like to book it for 6 people staying 4 nights.|I'd be happy to help with your request, what day will you be arriving?
I will be arriving on Tuesday.|Okay. Your booking was successful and the reference number is  7SJQKM1T.
Thank you. While I have your attention, do you mind looking up a particular attraction for me? I believe it was called "hughes hall."|Yes their address is Wollaston road and their telephone number is 01223334898.
Could you tell me their postcode and what kind of attraction it is?|Of course, it is a college and the post code is cb12ew.
I need a taxi leaving the college at 03:00 then.|And what is your destination?
hughes hall college postal code cb12ew|I need the destination from Hughes Hall College.
I want some help finding a place to go in the centre of town.|There are 44 attractions in the center, of many types. Quieter fare includes architecture, parks and museums. If you'd like more excitement, we have boats and nightclubs.
How about nightclubs?  What is one that you would suggest?|I would highly recommend the Ballare. What would you like to know about it?
What is the entrance fee?|The entrance fee for the ballare is 5 pounds. Can I help you with anything else today?
Yes, I am also looking for a restaurant in the same area as the Ballare.|Sure, I can help you with that.  Was there a particular type of food you were interested in?
Do you have any modern glodal ones?|Nothing matches for modern global, can I run a search for a different food type?
How about International?|There are two options. I'd recommend the Varsity Restaurant. Would you like to book a table?
I don't need a reservation but I do need the address, phone number and price range.|The varsity restaurant is located in the centre of town serving international food.  It is a moderately priced place located at 35 Saints ANdrews street city centre.
and what is their phone number?|Their phone number is 01223356060. Can I help you with anything else?
No thank you that will be all|Alright, have a wonderful time in cambridge!
Hi, I am looking for information on a restaurant it's called saffron brasserie.|Saffron Brasserie is an expensive Indian restaurant in the centre. Would you like me to make reservations?
Oh yes! Please I need a reservation for 5 people on Saturday at 18:00. I need  a reference number too.|Sure, the reference number is PSIDGHAC.
I am also looking for places to go while in town. Do you have a swimmingpool?|There are 4 places to swim in town. Does the area matter?
I'm not particular on the area; is there one near Saffron Brasserie?|Parkside Pools is in the centre. That would be closest to Saffron Brasserie.
Okay that will work, what is the postcode?|The postcode is cb11ly.
Great, thank you. Can you also help me with getting a taxi from the restaurant to the pool?|Certainly. What time would you like the taxi to fetch you from the restaurant?
I would like a taxi to pick us up from the restaurant at 20:00. Can you please give me the contact number and car type of the taxi?|Absolutely. You will be picked up at the restaurant by a black Lexus. Here is your contact number: 07511821304. Anything else I can help with?
No, that's it. Thank you for your service!|You're welcome. Have a great day!
I am excited to see some local attractions.  Can you help me with a particular one?|Sure.  Were you looking for a particular area of town to visit?
Actually, a friend was telling me about this great gallery in town. It was called the Saint Barnabas Press Gallery. Can you tell me about it?|It is located at the belfast yard, coldham's road in the east of the town. Here's the phone number 01223902116
I am also looking for a place to stay at. Any recommendations?|Would you like to stay in the East part of town, near the gallery?
No, I'd like a 3 star guesthouse in the south.|We have one guesthouse in the south. Bridge Guest House on 151 Hills Road. Would you like to reserve a room?
Can you let me know the price range of the guesthouse?|Certainly! The price range is moderate. Their phone number is 01223247942. Would you like me to book a room for you?
No thanks. I will book later on my own. Thanks for all the help. Goodbye.|enjoy your stay in cambridge!
Please find a cheap restaurant in the north.|There is an indian restaurant or an Italian one. Which would you prefer?
I'll go with Italian.  I need you to book it for 7 people, at 11:00 on Monday.  I'd also like a reference number.|You're booked at Da Vinci Pizzeria on Monday at 11 for 7 people. Your reference number is MTHF8EE1. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Can you get some information for me about swimmingpools in that area?|Yes, there are two swimming pools in the north. The Jesus Green Outdoor Pool and Kings Hedges Learner Pool. Would either of those be of interest?
Yes, the Kings one. How much to get into that one?|I do not see an entrance fee listed but their phone number is 01223353248. Can I help you with anything else?
Can you give me the post code as well please?|Their postcode is cb42xh. Can I help with anything else today?
no that's all thanks|You are welcome.  Have a great day.  Goodbye.
I'm looking for park in the east. Can you help me?|I would be happy to help. There is 1 park in the east, Cherry Hinton Water Play. Would you like any additional information?
Yes, can I have their phone number please?|The phone number is 01223446100, is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes I am looking for a restaurant that serves Indian food in the east.|What price range? I have expensive and moderately priced.
I don't care, whichever one is supposed to have better food.  I need a table for 1 at 12:30 on Thursday.|Okay I went ahead and booked you at the Curry Prince, which is moderately priced and your reference number is IG75ROGD.
Thank you. Can you arrange taxi service to take me from the park to Curry Price by 12:30 please?|Of course! Your booking is complete. The car type is blue Skoda. The contact number is 07574638307.
Thank you so much!|You're welcome. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Can you help me get a taxi to the restaurant in time for the reservation?|Yes, it's been booked. The booked car is blue Skoda. The contact number is 07574638307.
Great thanks. Have a great day! goodbye|Will there be anything else?
Can you help me find a train for Friday?|There are 404 entries for trains departing on Friday. Where will you be headed?
i'm headed to cambridge|Ok, we've narrowed it down to 202 trains, where are you leaving from?
I'll be leaving from the stansted airport, and any time after 8:00 is fine. Can you tell me how much that will cost?|The cost will be 10.10 pounds. The TR1756 train leaves Stansted Airport for Cambridge at 8:24. Would you like me to book it for you?
Yes, that would be great. I am also looking for any parks in the north side of the city, do you know any?|Yes indeed, there is milton country park. What would you like to know about it?
Can you provide me with the phone number, address and postcode please?|Milton Country Park's phone number is 01223420060, its post code is	cb46az and its address is milton country park, milton. Anything else I can help you with?
Great that is all the information I need, thank you.|I'm glad I could be of assistance, have a good day!
Can you help me book a table at a chinese restaurant that's in the centre of town?|Great choice!  I have 10 Chinese restaurants.  What is your price range and we can narrow them down.
I need some cheap Chop Suey, please.|How does the Charlie Chan sound? It is a cheap Chinese restaurant in the centre.
That sounds like they'll have some awesome Chop Suey. Please book me a table for 2 on Tuesday at 12:45.|I am sorry but charlie chan is booked for that time. Do you want to pick an earlier or later time, or a different day?
Can we try the same day for 11:45 please? And can I have the reference number as well, thanks.|Great News!  I was able to reserve your table for 2 at the 11:45 time. They will hold the table for 15 minutes.  Reference number is : GFIL3UG5.
Thank you.  I am also looking for places to go in the same area as the restaurant.|There are dozens of attractions in the centre. What type of activities are you interested in? Museums? Architecture? Boat Rides? Something else?
I am looking for some type of entertainment in the same area as the restaurant, please.|There are all kinds of entertainment choices. Did you have something in mind?
No, just an entertainment attraction in the same area as the restaurant. Can you make a suggestion?|What about a museum? The cambridge contemporary art is a nice one.
That sounds nice can I get their phone number, entrance fee, and address please?|The phone number is 01223324222, the address is 6 Trinity Street, and it is free admittance.
Thank you so much for your help.|Will that be everything for you today then?
That will be all.  Thank you for your help!|Glad to be of assistance, have a great day!
Thanks, take care buddy!|Thank you goodbye
I'm looking for a place to go in the centre of town.|We offer lots to do in the center of town. We have everything from boats and parks to nightclubs. Are you in the mood for anything particular?
Do you have any suggestions? I would just need the postcode and phone number and let me know what kind of attraction you suggest. Thanks!|If you are interested in architecture, there is All Saints Church. The phone number is 01223452587 and the postcode is cb58bs.
Great, thank you so much! I will check it out.|You're quite welcome! Thanks for contacting the Cambridge TownInfo Centre and have a great day!
Hello, I would like to know about places to go in the south of town.|There are a range of attractions you can visit in the south. These attractions include nightclubs, cinemas, museums and entertainment places. Is there a specific type you would like?
What entertainment places are located there?|The following entertainment venues in the south are Nusha 01223902158 and Tenpin 08715501010.  Is there anything else I can assist you with?
What is the address of Nusha?|Nusha can be found at unit g6, Cambridge Leisure Park on Clifton Road. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Yes, I need a 4 star place to stay with free WiFi.  Do you have anything?|Yes there are many options to choose from. Would you like me to book a room for you at one of these locations?
I'd like it to be a guesthouse in the south, free wifi also, and 4 stars. Whatever matches I need a room for 4 nights on Tuesday for 8 people.|I can book you at the aylesbray lodge guest house. Does that sound good?
Sounds good!  Go ahead and book it, please!|we are currently full on Tuesday would you like to book at another hotel?
can I just try maybe 3 nights?|Nice it works. So the reference for your booking is 56E9MW1N. Do you need further assistance?
Yes. Can you also call me a taxi to connect between the two places? I would like to leave the hotel at 14:00.|You are all set. Your cab will be a blue volkswagen with a contact number 07961227809. Is there anything else I can help?
No that's all i need. Thank you for your help!|You have a wonderful day!
There is a place I want to see, can you help me?|I certainly hope so! We have a lot of interesting places to see in Cambridge. Is there something specific you're looking for?
I am looking for a attraction called cineworld cinema.|It's located in southern Cambridge at cambridge leisure park, clifton way. It's phone number is 00872208000. Do you need anything else?
Yes, can you help me find a place to eat?|What type of food would you like?
Actually never mind.  I would actually like just find a place to stay in the cheap price range in the west.|Sure, I can help you with that.  Was there a particular type of cuisine you were interested in?
The hotel I'm looking for should have a star of 4, in the cheap range, somewhere in the West. It'll be for 3 people and 4 nights starting Wednesday.|Okay. We have you booked at the Cambridge Belfry. The reference number is Y8Y2HVXE.
thanks alot and is there parking for two cars?|I'm afraid I can only see that they have parking available. If you need to park two cars, I would phone them on 01954714600. Can I help with anything else?
Thank you, that is all I need.|Fantastic, enjoy your trip!
Yes I am looking for a moderately priced restaurant in the center of town.|Yes I have many offering different types of food. Do you have a preference on what type of cuisine you are looking for?
I do not have any preference on the food type. Can I have the phone number for one of the restaurants?|The Yippee noodle bar fits your criteria. Their phone number is 01223518111. Would you like me to book you a table?
No, but can you help me find some place to go, in the same area as the Noodle Bar?|You can go to restaurant one seven, that is in the same area as Yippee Noodle bar.
I think I would prefer a museum to another restaurant. Can you find me the address and phone number of one in the area?|Broughton house gallery is free and in the same part of town.
That's great, I'll need to know the address, phone number and post code of Broughton house gallery, please.|Broughton House Gallery is at 98 king street. The postcode is cb11ln. And their phone number is 01223314960. Did you need anything else?
No, I think that'll be it. Thank you for your help!|Thank you for using our service.  Have a great day!
Yes, I would like the information on parks that are located in the centre please.|The Botanical Gardens at Cambridge University are a favorite destination. The entrance fee is only 4 pounds.
Could i please get the phone number and address?|Sure, the phone number is 01223336265. The address is bateman street. Can I do anything else for you?
I am thinking I would like to try some european food while I am in town.|There are several to choose from, in which part of town would you like to concentrate?
I would like the north please.|I only have one restaurant in the north for European food, but they have amazing food. It's called City Stop Restaurant. They are expensive but so worth it!
book a table for 2 people at 13:15 on tuesday.|Your booking was successful! The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Reference number is : ZLRYLH3O.
What is the car type, please thank you|I'm sorry, but we just reserved your table. There is no car type. But since you ask, did you need a taxi?
Yes I need a taxi that will take me between the two places and need to arrive by 13:15.|Okay. I have a taxi booked. It will be a yellow bmw and the contact number is 07135918917
Thanks, that's all I need today. Goodbye!|good day and thanks for using our services
i am looking for places to go in town. The attraction should be in the type of college and should be in the west.|There are 5 colleges in the west. Would you like more information on any of them?
No, can you recommend a popular one for me?|Sure, Churchill College is popular. It's free admission and is located on Storey's Way. The post code is cb30ds.
Great! I'm also looking for an expensive restaurant near the college.|How about some high end indian food? There's a place called nice boat, their phone number is 01223302800 and they're on 37 Newnham Road Newnham.
I really love bistro food|Unfortunately, there does not seem to be any bistros in the west side of town, I can look in other areas if you'd like?
Can you look again for me in the same area?|we have british, european and indian food all in the west
Ok, how about a restaurant that serves british food?|Graffiti is a lovely British restaurant. Can I make a reservation for you?
Sure, I need it for 2 people at 18:15 on Wednesday.  Can I get a reference number please?|Okay, I have you all set!  The reference number is GOMW9RVX.  Have a great time!
Thank you. Take care. Goodbye|You're welcome!  It's been a pleasure!
I wanted to visit the Center, could you tell the the hours it is open?|I'm sorry, which centre would you like to visit?
I am looking for a place to go in the centre of town. Can you make suggestions?|Vue Cinema is a great place in the centre of town for movies. Or there's Ballare which is a great nightclub.
Can you tell me the postcode for Ballare? That sounds fun.|Ballare postcode is cb23na. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
I was hoping for a cheap restaurant close to the Vue Cinema.|we got 5. which type of food do you want?
Do you have any that serve Australian?|I have none that serve that food. Perhaps another type?
What about chinese food?|May I recommend Charlie Chan? It's a cheap chinese restaurant in the centre of town. Would you like to book any tables?
Yes, please. I'd like to book a table for 4 people at 12:15 on Friday. May I please have the reference number?|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Reference number is : LN38RS7A.
i would also like to check on getting a taxi to commute me between the two places.|what time would you want to be picked?
Sorry not sure yet.|Do you need anything else?
For the taxi I need to be picked up in enough time to arrive to the restaurant in time.|To book a taxi I need time of travel, departure location and arrival location.
I need to leave from the Vue Cinema to get to Charlie Chan by 12:15.|The taxi is a yellow audi which will pick you up at Vue Cinema and take you to the restaurant by your reservation time. The taxi contact number is 07365464061.
Thank you for all your help.|Have a nice day.
Hello, I'm looking for a hotel to stay in during my visit to Cambridge. Can you please help me find something in the moderate price range? No specific amenities needed.|Sure, are you staying in a certain part of town?
In the west. And 3 stars, please.|I do not have anything fitting that. Do you have any other criteria I can check?
If that is the case, can you look for a hotel that has free wifi? Thanks|I don't have anything fitting that criteria.  Do you have any other criteria I can check or another area?
Could you try looking for something for Wednesday?|I'm sorry, there is nothing that matches your criteria. Are you sure I cannot check another area for you?
Are there any 3 star hotels in the West?|I'm sorry, there really isn't anything in this area that meets your criteria. Perhaps a moderate in another area?
Yes, please try to find something else.|I am sorry there are no 3 star moderately priced hotels.
That would be fine,can you book it for me?|There is a moderate priced guesthouse in the west area that is 3 star. Would that suit your needs?
That sounds good. Can I get a room for 6 people, 2 nights, starting Thursday?|Hobsons house is booked for you. The reference number is JHQJLP4U.
I am also hoping to check out some sports locations in the same area. Can you see what attractions are available in the west?|I apologize we do not have any sport attractions in the west area. Would you like me to look in another area?
Can you look to see if there are colleges in that area?|There are five colleges in the west. I recommend churchill college.
What is the entrance fee and postcode for that one?|Entrance is free, and the postcode is cb30ds
Great!  I'll also be needing a taxi.  Will you book one that will leave the college at 5:45?  I'd also like the car type and their contact number.|You got it, I booked a red tesla for you. The contact number is 07757471475
Thanks! That's all for me. Have a good day!|Have a great day and thanks for contacting Cambridge TownInfo centre.
I am looking for a place to dine that has expensive romanian food.|No I'm sorry. Something else perhaps?
Is there one that serves Chinese instead?|I'm showing 9 entries throughout the area.  Do you have a preference between center, north, east, or south?
I have no preference.  I just need to book it for 8 at 12:45 on Thursday.|I have you booked at Yu Garden. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Your reference number is: D6LEPNCC. Anything else I can do for you?
I guess that will do. How about entertainment venues...what's there in city centre?|There are 44 attractions in the town centre. Do you have  a preference on type?
Yes, I'd like to find more information on entertainment attractions.|I'm sorry, there aren't any in the city centre?  Do you have a different area I can check?
Is there any in the type of college? If so can I have the phone number, postcode, and entrance fee?|There are 13 different college attractions in the centre area.  Most of them are free, however there are some with entrance fees. Do you have a preference?
I don't really have a preference, no. I'd just like something good.|corpus christi college is popular, they have an entrance fee of 2 pounds, the address is at king's parade and the number is 01223338000
Thanks, I also need a taxi from the attraction to the restaurant.  I want to arrive by the booked time of 12:45|I was able to book a blue volvo for you, contact number is 07163210966
No, I think that will do it.  Thank you for your assistance.  Goodbye.|You are welcome, have a great trip.
I'm looking for attractions to go in the centre of Cambridge, please.|I show 44 attractions in the centre of Cambridge. Was there a specific type of attraction you were looking for?
I don't really know. What do you suggest in the city center?|There is much architecture here worth taking a tour of. I am a fan of All Saint's Church.
Sounds good. What is their entrance fee?|Entrance to All Saints is free.
Great. What is All Saint's Church's address and postcode, please?|They are located at jesus lane, and their postcode is cb58bs
Thanks. I am also looking for a train from Cambridge to Norwich, could you help me find one?|Sure, there are 133 trains from cambridge to norwich.  What day would you like to travel on?
I would like to leave on Monday.|There are 19 trains that go to norwich from cambridge what time would you like to leave or arrive?
09:15 and should depart from cambridge|There are none that will leave by 09:15 will the 09:36 be ok?
Actually, I need to arrive by 09:15. Is there anything early morning on Monday from Cambridge to Norwich?|Train TR5773 suits your needs. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Yeah, what's the price and departure time on TR5773?|The departure time is 07:36. It is 17.60 pounds. Is there anything else I could help you with?
That's all I needed. Thank you for your help|Great, have a good day!
I'd like to find out more about taking a tour of Trinity College.|I do not have information about tours, would you like the phone number for Trinity College?
Actually, can you tell me what type of attraction it is?  My friend suggested it and mentioned the name, but not much else.|It is a college located on trinity street. The entrance fee is 1 pound. May I help you with anything else today?
Yes, I'd like to find a restaurant in the centre of town.|Of course. There are many restaurants in the area. Is there a food type you're interested in?
I would chinese please.|Is there a price range you'd like to stay in?
Yeah, I'd like a moderately priced restaurant. And type of food doesn't actually matter. Just somewhere moderately priced in the centre of town.|May I suggest Jingling Noodle Bar, they have excellent food moderately priced. Would you like a reservation?
That would be great. Can I have the phone number please?|their phone number is 01223566188.
Great!  Thanks.  I also need a taxi to take me between the two.  I want to leave the restaurant by 08:30|I would be happy to do get a taxi for you. I need the departure location, destination location and the time of travel.
I would like to leave the restaurant by 8:30.|Your cab will pick you up at 08:30 at Jingling Noodle bar to take you to Trinity College. Expect a yellow ford. The contact number is 07741212724.
Perfect, thank you for all your help.|Do you need help arranging transportation or lodging at this time?
No, thank you. I've got everything I need right now.|You're welcome, glad I could help.
I'm looking for a place to stay during my upcoming trip to Cambridge.|What price range and what area are you looking for?
I would like to stay in the north I have a moderate price range.|There are 11 places that meet those critieria.  Are you looking for a particular star rating?
Yes,  I would like something with a 4 star rating, and I would like for it to be a guesthouse.|I would suggest acorn guest house.
Can you book a room as well?|Yes, what day would you like?
I would like it for 3 people and 3 nights starting on Monday please.|Your rooms have been booked for Monday.  The reference number is JJK77QKA. Is there anything else I can do for you?
Yes, I was looking for a particular attraction, Saint Catharine's College. What area is it located in?|It is located in the centre. Admission is free.
Ok, can you give me the phone number and address please?|saint catharine's college address is king's parade. Their phone number is 01223338300. Is there anything else I can do for you today?
No that's all, thanks!|You're welcome! Have a great day!
i need a place to stay in Cambridge  thats 4 star with free wifi|the a and b guest house is a great place
Do this hotel offer free parking also?|Unfortunately this guest house doesn't offer parking, would you like me to search for similar hotels that offer parking?
Yes I do.  When you find it, I need 3 nights for 5 people starting on Wednesday.  I'll take the reference number too.|I'm sorry, there are no hotels that meet your criteria. Would you like to try searching for something else?
There are seriously no 4 star hotels with free wifi and free parking in all of Cambridge? I'm pretty sure there should be.|The arbury lodge guesthouse is 4 stars, it has internet it is in the moderate price range
Great! Could you book it for 5 people and 3 nights starting from wednesday?|Sorry for the confusion, I have that booked for you, your reference # is: HQSOZLWH.  Can I help you with anything else today?
how about one that is in the type of nightclub.|There's the club ballare which is rather nice.  Would you like some more information about it?
Yes. May I have the phone number?|sure its 01223364222
Ok. Thanks. All set.|Is there anything more I can help you with?
That is all I need. Goodbye.|Have a good day!
Hey, are there any good museums in town?|We have 23 amazing museums to visit in cambrigde. Is there a specific area you will be visiting to help narrow the choices?
I'd like to stay in the Centre area.|How about the broughton house gallery? It's a very nice place to visit!
Sounds great! Can I get their address and postcode?|It is 98 king street post code cb11ln
i am also in need of a train on friday from norwich to cambridge leaving after 19:45.|I have the TR5291 leaving at 20:16, how many tickets would you like?
How long will the trip take and how much will it cost?|You are looking at 17.60 pounds per ticket and it is a 76 minutes trip.
OKay great. Can you book that for me please?|Sure! For how many people?
You know, nevermind. That will be all for now. Thanks so much. Goodbye!|Um, ok. Please contact our service if there is any other assistance we can provide you. Have a good day.
I am looking for a attraction in the east part of town|What type of attraction are you interested in?
I am not overly particular, what type do you have in the East?|We have a boat, two entertainment venues, and two museums here in the East.  Can I get you more information on any of those?
Which one would you suggest? Please give me the phone number, entrance fee, and the postcode. Thank you.|How about the Funky Fun house? It is in the east at 8 mercers Row, mercers row industrial estate. The post code is cb13ef.
That will work. I'm also looking for a restaurant in the same area that is expensive.|There are a few to choose from. The Royal Standard is a gastropub. Does that sound good?
Sounds good, I need a taxi and I need to leave by 4:00 so I need a reservation for 3:00 or earlier if possible.|Sure, I can make your reservation first what day and for how many people please?
I need the taxi to commute between the two places on the same day.|The Taxi has been booked as requested.
Can you let me know the contact number and what kind of car?|Yes, the contact number is 07511049377 and it is a blue lexus.
Alright! Thanks so much for your help!|It was my pleasure. Thanks for using our service. Goodbye.
Are there any colleges in the west?|Yes, there are 5 colleges in the west. 3 of them have no entrance fees and 2 will cost 2.50 pounds to enter.
I would like the postcodes and more information about the types of colleges are in the west.|Do you want the postcodes for all five college, the two that have an entrance fee or only the free ones?
I will take the postcodes for all 5. I'd also like a train that leaves on Sunday for ely as well if that's possible.|Churchill College cb30ds, Clare College cb21tl, Clare Hall cb39al, Magdalene College cb30ag, and Queen's College cb39et. And the train from Ely will be departing from where?
I'll be leaving from Cambridge.|Certainly, we have 10 trains for ely from cambridge sunday. What time would you like to arrive or depart?
I would like to leave from Cambridge after 21:15 please.|There is one at 21:50 and one at 23:50, which would you like?
I would like the price and arrival time for the 21:50 train please.|The price for that train is 3.52 pounds and it will arive by 22:07.
Thanks, that's all I need. Have a nice day.|Thanks for contacting Cambridge TownInfo centre, feel free to contact us again.
How much for a room in a hotel in the city center?|Unfortunately, my system is not able to pull up that information. I do have information available on restaurants or attractions. Can I help you with any of those?
I was thinking about going to Byard Art, can you tell me the address and what the entrance fee is?|The address is14 king's parade and it is free
Thanks! I also need a place to dine in the south.|There are nine to choose from, do you know which cuisine you would like?
Creative food, if possible.|No matching records found would you like to try another type ?
Sure, let's try for Chinese then instead. I want somewhere expensive.|how about peking restaurant?
I really want Chinese.|That is a chinese restaurant.
Okay, great. Can you book that for me then? It'll be on saturday at 17:45.|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Reference number is : Y10FLRJ2.
Great, thanks for all your help!|Thank you and enjoy your stay!
Can you find me a multiple sports attraction in the centre?|Sorry there's no multiple sports in the centre. Would you like to try a different area?
Are there any museums in the centre?|Yes, quite a few! There's Broughton House Gallery, the Whipple Museum of the History of Science, and more. Would you like to know more about them, or the others?
Yes I would love some information.|There are 11 museums in the area.  They are all free.  There are several art museums, an archaelogy museum, and a science museum.
Could I get the address, phone numbers, and postcodes of them please? I'm also looking for a train from cambridge to broxbourne.|Primavera is at 10 King s parade CB2 1st, the phone number is 01233357708. What day would you like to board the train?
Sunday, and it should arrive by 12:00.|Train TR9580 departs from Cambridge at 10:01 on Sunday and arrives at Broxbourne at 11:01. Would that work for you?
Yes, can you book it for 3 people and get me the reference number?|Booking was successful, the total fee is 42.96 GBP payable at the station .
Reference number is : IRD8RUWO.  Do you need help with anything else?
No, actually. I am all finished. Thanks for the help. Goodbye.|Okay great, have a good day.
Can you give me information on a particular attraction, called kambar?|Sure, it's a nightclub in the centre of town.
Great, could you also provide me with the phone number?|Of course, the phone number for Kambar is 01223842725. Can I help you with anything else?
I want to also eat Indian food. What expensive restaurant do you have?|We have many options for Indian. How about Saffron Brasserie at Hills Road City Centre. Phone 011223354679. Anything else?
Great. Could you make a reservation for 7 people at 17:30 on Monday?|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Reference number is : 7E8IT3A0.  What else can I help you with today?
No. That will be all.|Thank you for using our services, feel free to contact us any time for assistance.
thank you for helping|Thank you for using our service today.
Hello, I am looking for a train departing from Cambridge, and leaving on Friday. Do you see anything for that time?|There are tons of them! Can you tell me a bit more about your trip so we can narrow it down a little? Where would you like to go?
Yes I want to leave after 13:30 and arrive at London Liverpool Street.|There are 6 options available. Would leaving at 13:59 and arriving at 15:27 work for you?
Yes, that would be perfect.  Can you just give me the train ID for that?|That is train TR4187.  Is there anything else I can help with?
Yes are there any multiple sports places to go in the centre?|There are no sports in the center. Shall I change type or location for you?
Hmm, that kind of stinks. Well, how about a theatre instead?|I have 4 theaters in the centre area. The mumford is one of my favorites. Can I give you more information on one?
What's the entrance fee?|I am unaware of what their entrance fee is at this time. Sometimes that happens because prices fluctuate and I apologize.  Can I help with anything else?
No thank you, goodbye.|You're welcome, have a nice day.
Hey looking for a train to go to Cambridge. Want one that will leave on Wednesday.|Okay, where will you be departing from?
I will depart from london kings.  I would like to leave after 17:00 on wednesday.|The TR6045 departing London Kings Cross for Cambridge on Saturday at 17:17 should work for you, would you like more information or to make a booking?
What's the price for that one?|The price for that ticket is 23.60 pounds. Would you like to make a booking?
Not at this time, can you tell me about places to go near the centre?|sure! there are 44 attractions in that area. what do you like to do?
It doesn't matter can you recommend one?|Broughton house gallery	is a nice museum in the centre of town
Can I get the address please?|the address is 98 king street
Thanks, is there an entry fee for that?|No, it's free! Is there anything else you need?
No that's all thanks.|your welcome, have a great day!
I'm looking for boat attractions in the centre area of town.|There are 2 boat attractions named "scudamores punting co" and "the cambridge punter."
Let's go with the cambridge punter. May I get the phone number to that please?|The phone number to the cambridge punter is 07807718591. Do you have any other questions about this location?
I am also looking for a train leaving from leicester to cambridge.|There are over 100 trains from which to choose. What day and time would you like to travel?
I would like to arrive by 08:30 and want to leave on Sunday. Can you help me with that please.|There is a train arriving at 06:54 and one at 07:54. Which would you prefer?
The 7:54. May I please have the train ID and departure time?|TR0466 leaves at 06:09.
Great, that's all I need. Thanks for your help!|I'm happy I could help you today. Have a great day!
I would like to find an attraction.|Absolutely!  Do you have any particular attraction type in mind?  Maybe a specific area?
Yes I am looking for architecture and will need the address, postcode and phone number of the attraction.|How about the holy trinity church? The address, postcode and phone number are market street, cb23nz, and 01223355397.
i'm also looking for a train|We have dozens of trains.  Where would you like to depart from and go to?
I will be departing Cambridge after 21:30 on Sunday. I am going to Peterborough.|TR1784 departs Cambridge at 21.34
I need a place to dine at in the south that serves chinese.|How about the lucky star?
Is it in the expensive price range?|No, Lucky Star is cheap.  If you would like an expensive Chinese restaurant, might I suggest the Peking restaurant.
Yes, that sounds much better. Could you give me their information please?|The Peking is located at  010 Homerton Street City Centre. The post code is cb28nx. The phone number is 01223354755. Would you like me to book you a table?
No, that won't be necessary at this time.  But, I am looking for places to go in the same area s the restaurant.|The south end of the city has 8 options to choose from, including parks, theatre, a nightclub, a museum, entertainment, and a cinema. Which would you like to know more about?
I don't care.  Could you pick out something good for me?  I just need the postcode and address, too.|Byard Art is a museum on the south side located at 14 king's parade, cb21sj. Can I help you with anything else?
Thank you I also need to get a taxi between the two places please.|I'd be happy to book a taxi for you! Which site are you departing from, and what time would you like to leave and/or arrive?
i ant to leave the attraction by 19:00.get contact number and car type for me please|You are all set, the vehicle is a grey skoda, they are reachable at 07920071341, may I help with anything else?
That should be all.  Thank you for your help!  Goodbye!|You're very welcome!  Just let us know if you need anything.
I need a train that is leaving after 11:30|The closest time I have is a train from London Kings Cross on Friday at 13:00. It will arrive to Cambridge at 13:51.
I'm nowhere near London Kings Cross though. What about Birmingham New Street?|I have one leaving Birmingham new street at 11:40 and arriving by 14:23, would you like me to book it for you?
What's the travel time and Train ID for that one?|That would be the TR7040, leaving Birmingham New Street 11:40, arriving Cambridge 14:23, for a travel duration of 163 minutes. Would you like to book a ticket?
Great. Could you please get me some information on a  particular attraction called the fitzwilliam museum?|Yes, of course. What information do you require about this museum?
I just need adress for the museum,thank you|The address is trumpington street the postcode is cb21rb.
Thank you can you help me find a restaurant too?|Do you have a particular kind of restaurant in mind?
Yes, I would like to eat at a Chinese restaurant.|Okay! In what part of town?
Actually I am just looking for an attraction called the fitzwilliam museum.|What would you like to know about The Fitzwilliam Museum?
I just need the address please.|Sure, the museum is on trumpington street.  Do you need any additional information?
No, I'm all set.|Great, have a wonderful day!
I need to find a train from Cambridge.|There are trains leaving Cambridge every two hours.
I need one on Friday heading to Ely. I need to leave after 19:30.|The train closest to your desired time is TR6053 which departs Cambridge at 19:50 and arrives in Ely at 20:07. Would you like to book a ticket?
What is the travel time on that train?|Travel time is 17 minutes.
I am also looking for a place to go in the centre.|We have many diverse activities in the center of town, from architectural landmarks to parks and pools to nightclubs like the Soul Tree. What interests you today?
I'm not really picky, just something fun. What's your favorite?|I would recommend Soul Tree Nightclub.  It is in the centre area and the entrance fee is 4 pounds.
That is perfect.  Can I get the phone number and postal code please?|Yes, their phone number is 01223477900 and their address is 1-6 corn exchange street.
Okay, thank you. That's all I need. Bye!|Thank you for using our service. Goodbye.
Can you tell me a bit about the entertainment type places in the center of town?|I have 44 places. What type are you looking for?
I want it to be a type of college.|There are 13 colleges in city centre. My personal favorite is Corpus Christi, even though they charge a 2 pound entrance fee.
Great, can I get the phone number and postcode?|Sure, the phone number is 01223338000 and post code is cb21rh.  What else can I assist you with today?
I'm looking for an entertainment venue in the centre of town.  Are there any?|unfortunately no. want to try another area?
No thanks! I forgot that I'm going to the college instead. I do need a train that goes to Cambridge on Wednesday. I will depart from Kings Lynn after 11:00.|I have a 12:11 that arrives n Cambridge at 12:58. Would you like me to boo that for you?
Yes, please I will need 5 tickets.|Your tickets have been booked. Your reference number is LNZ0GIXG.
Wonderful. Thanks very much for your help today.|Is there anything else you need help with today?
That's everything I needed. Thanks and goodbye!|Thank you for contacting us and have a nice day.
I am hoping to find a great place to dine while visiting the west area of cambridge.|The best place on the west side is Graffiti. It's expensive, but they serve excellent British cuisine in a lovely atmosphere.
Sounds fantastic! Could you book me a table for 7 for Monday at 16:00?|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : XN0GPDOY. Is there anything else I can do for you?
Thanks.  I am also looking for places to go in town.  Perhaps some boating?|There are four. Do you have an area of town in mind?
No, I am open to any area. Can you suggest a good place?|how about scudamores punting co?
Sure, could you send me their address and postcode?|Their address is granta place, mill lane and postcode cb21rs
Great thanks. That is all.|Okay. Great glad I could help.
I'm so bored! Can you find me something to do on the west end of the city, please?|We've got 13 attractions in that area 5 colleges, 1 entertainment center and seven museum.  Do you have a preference?
None, what is one that you would recommend?|I find the museum of classical archaeology fascinating. It's also free! Would you like any more information on it?
A free museum is a great choice. What is the address so I can go right away?|The Museum of Classical Archaeology is located on sidgwick avenue in postcode cb39da. Can I help you with anything else?
Yes, what is the attraction type for the museum of classical archaeology? Then, I will have another topic for you.|It is a museum located in the west. They are located on Sidgwick Avenue. What else can I help you with today?
I'd also like to find an expensive Indian restaurant.|I've found curry garden, would you like their information?
Can you just book it for me? Table for 1 on Friday at 13:15. If you can, I would like the reference number.|Unfortunately, booking was not successful. May I try another day or time slot?
Yeah, how about 12:15?|i was unable to book at that time too, can we try some different time please
Currently planning to come out there but need to find a train that leaves after 15:30 and that will  depart from Norwich.|What day do you want to travel on?
I would like to leave on Monday.|I do not have a train that leaves by 15:30 on that day but soon after at 16:16. Would this work for you?
Yes. I will need two tickets.|Al set, your reference number is ZIY4Y3CA, the cost is 17.60 pounds per person payable at the station.
Can I also get information on wandlebury country park.|Yes, wandlebury country park is located at wandlebury ring, gog magog hills, babraham, with phone #01223243830. Would you like any other information?
That is all that I needed. Thank you so much for the assistance.|You are welcome. Please comeback if we can do anything more for you!
I will. Thanks again. Good-bye.|My pleasure.  Enjoy your time in Cambridge.  Goodbye.
I am looking for a train that is going to Cambridge.|There are 1,414 trains to Cambridge. Where would you like to depart from?
I would like to depart from Birmingham New Street on Tuesday.|There are 19 trains leaving Birmingham New Street and arriving at Cambridge on Tuesday. Did you have a specific departure or arrival time?
I would like to arrive by 19:30|Train TR4373 arrives in Cambridge at 12:23. Would you like me to book that for you?
No, no ticket needed right now. I do need the price and travel time, though.|It is 75.10 pounds and takes 163 minutes.
Also, can you please provide me with attractions in the centre?|Would you be interested in one of the 4 theatres located in the centre?
Yes that would be fine.|Great, the theatres are Adc Theatre, Cambridge Arts Theatre, mumford theatre, and the cambridge corn exchange. Does any one of those in particular interest you?
I think that will be everything I needed. Thanks for your help!|Thanks for using our system!
Do you know anything about camboats?|I do, they are an amazing boating place in the east part of cambridge with activites for all type of boaters, would you like more information?
Yes more info of what is offered and how can I get there|The address I have for camboats is the plough, green end, fen ditton. Perhaps you can give them a call for more information. Their phone number is 01223902112.
Thank you. Could you tell me their business hours?|No I don't know their business hours but I have a phone number you can use to check with them. It's 01223902112.
Is there an entrance fee at Camboats?|I'm unsure of the entrance fee. You could try calling then with the number I provided though. Can I help with anything else?
I also need a train leaving on friday and arriving by 20:00.|And where would your destination be please ?
my destination is bishops stortford|We've got a train leaving at 17:29.  Would you like me to book some tickets for you?
I dont need a booking. I do need the travel time and the price please.|The travel time is 38 minutes and the price is 10.10 pounds.
thanks that is i need today|you are welcome.
Thank you. Goodbye.|Please feel free to reach out if you have any additional questions. Goodbye.
I am looking for entertainment in the east of town.|The east has both the funky fun house and cherry hinton hall and grounds. looking for something in particular?
What are their entrance fees?|I don't know what their entrance fees are.  I can give you the phone numbers to call  both of these places.
Can you please get me the entrance fee, address and phone number for these.|Cherry hinton hall and grounds phone is 01223446104. I have no information on the entrance fee.
Thank you. I also need a train to Cambridge, arriving by 19:15|On what day will you travel?
It will be on friday and I only need 1 ticket for myself.|Where will you be departing from?
I will be leaving from Kings Lynn.|what day will you be traveling?
I will be traveling on Friday.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 9.8 GBP payable at the station .
Reference number is : D6A6C4N1. Can I help with anything else today?
No thank you that will be all! Bye!|Thank you for contacting us and have a nice day.
Hi, I need help finding out about places to go in East Cambridge.|I'd be happy to help you with that.  We have 10 attractions in that area.  Is there a specific type of attraction you would like to visit?
I don't have a specific attraction, can you suggest one?|You should definitely check out Cambridge Artworks. It's a museum with free entrance at 5 greens road. Would that work for you?
Yes, I need a train to kings lynn and it should arrive by 14:45|I'd be happy to help you find a train.  Can you tell me where you will be departing from?
Yes, I will be leaving Cambridge on Saturday.|How about the TR8241 train. It would leave Cambridge at 13:11 and get you to Kings Lynn at 13:58.
Thats perfect information,thank ytoiuy|Would you like me to book it?
Before you do, can you tell me how much it will cost?|A ticket costs 7.84 pounds.
Do you know how long the train ride will take?|The train ride should last about 47 minutes. Anything else I can help you with?
Nope, that should do it, thanks!|You are very welcome! I hope you enjoy your trip and have a wonderful day!
Hi, could you help me find a museum to visit? Any recommendation would be great.|May I recommend Cafe Jello Gallery on the West Side.
can  have the postcode and address please?|Sure! Their address is 13 Magdalene Street. Their postcode is cb30af. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
I'm also looking for information on trains that leave after 21:00 and go to cambridge.|From where are you leaving and on which day?
I am leaving on Monday from birmingham new stree|There are 21 trains available. Did you have an arrival or departure date/time in mind?
I'd like to leave birmingham new street after 21:00 on Monday, and go to cambridge.|There is a train that leaves 12:40.
Is that the earliest train you have after 21:00?|The earliest train to leave after 21:00 is TR8406 at 21:40. Would you like to book this train?
Can you tell me the arrival time for that train and the total travel time?|It arrives at 24:23 after a total travel time of 163 minutes.
Thanks so much! Oh, wow it's late. I need to run. Thanks. Bye!|Thanks! Have a great day!
I'm going south in town, anything interesting to go to there?|Yes, we have several popular attractions in the south part of town. Are you looking for a specific type of place? Or do you want a recommendation?
I'll take a recommendation.|I think you would like the Tenpin. Would you like more information on it?
Yes, could I get the address, postcode and entrance fee?|Sure, their address is Cambridge Leisure Park, Clifton Way in postcode cb17dy. Their phone is 08715501010.
Thank you for the information.|Is there anything else you need today?
Yes I need to find a train that will go from Kings Lynn to Cambridge on Wednesday and arrive by 19:00.|I have train TR5831 leaving at 7:11 and arriving at 7:58; Would you like to book that?
How long will that take to arrive and how much does a ticket cost?|the ride is 47 minutes long and tickets are 9.8 GBP
Ok that will be it for today. thanks !|Thanks for letting us assist you! Enjoy your visit!
I want a place to dine in the centre of Cambridge with moderate pricing|I have plenty of options for you.  Is there any certain type of food you are looking to eat today?
I would like an Italian restaurant in the centre and need a reservation for 6 people at 14:00 on Monday and please provide the reference number.|I have reserved a table at pizza express. Your reference number is STRPXCFT. Do you need anything else?
Yes. Are there any colleges nearby that I can visit?|There are about 13 colleges in the centre of town. Might I suggest Hughes Hall. They offer free entrance and are located on Wollaston Road.
Thank you! What is the address/postcode for Hughes Hall?|The address is wollaston road and the postcode is cb12ew. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, I would like to book a taxi to get from the restaurant to the college.|Okay. I can get you a taxi if you know the time you'd like to leave or arrive.
I need to arrive by 14:00.|Booking completed!
Booked car type	:	white toyota
Contact number	:	07841942758
Great!  That was all I needed/|Glad I could be of assistance. Good-bye.
I'm looking for a hotel called Kirkwood House please.|I've located Kirkwood House. It's a guesthouse in the north. Would you like to book a room?
May I please have the phone number for the hotel?|Absolutely. That number is 01223306283.
I'm also looking for some places to go while I'm in town.|There is boating, a park, and some swimmingpools in the north. Any preference?
I would like it to be a museum please.|I'm sorry there are no museums in the north. Would you like me to check a different area?
How about in the south?|How about the byard art museum the phone number is 01223464646.
How much is it to get in that place? And what's their postcode?|Entrance is free, and the postcode is cb21sj.  Can I help with anything else?
No that was all I needed. Thanks so much.|Thank you for using our system today!
Hi, I'd like to find a museum please.|We have many museums in town - what area are you interested in?
I don't mind but I'd prefer something in the east|How does Cambridge Artworks sound? It is located on 5 Greens Road and there is no entrance fee?
What is the postcode?|Sure their postcode is cb13ef. Is there anything else?
No, that's all I need. Thanks so much for your help.|You're welcome, have a wonderful day.
I'd like to visit a museum in the center of town.|There are 11 museums in the town centre area, all with free admission.  Are you looking for a particular type of museum?
No. Why don't you pick one at random for me and give me the address and postcode.|Cambridge Contemporary Art Museum address 6 trinity street postcode cb21su
I am also looking for a train that should arrive by 15:15 and one that needs to leave on Tuesday.|Can you please give me your departure and destination?
Stevenage is my departure, my destination is Cambridge.|There is one train departing from Cambridge and arriving in Stevenage at 14:43. All other trains arrive earlier or later. Would you like me to book this for you?
That would be fine please book it for four people|Booking was successful, the total fee is 51.2 GBP payable at the station .
Reference number is : UJAL7AEJ.
Thank you. Your service was pleasant.|Thank you and have a wonderful day!
Is there any place to go swimming here?|We have that!  How about jesus green outdoor pool in the north.  Sound fun?
That does sound fun, but I'm looking for a swimming pool in the east. May I please have the entrance fee and address for one?|abbey pool and astroturf pitch is in the east, the address is pool way, whitehill road, off newmarket road and the entrance fee isn't listed I'm afraid.
Do you have a phone number for them?|That I do: 01223902088.
I also need a train from London Liverpool Street to Cambridge on Sunday. I need to arrive by 09:45.|TR8580 leaves 23:39 and costs 13.28 pounds.can we book?
What is the travel time?|The travel time is 88 minutes. Can I book seats? Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Can you find a restaurant called Panahar?|i found it, what info would you like?
I would like a reservation for 1 person on sunday at 15:00.|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Reference number is : D78P3BKQ.
i also want a place to go in the centre.|I think you should go to the Great Saint Mary's Church, would you like any info on them?
I would like the entrance fee and phone number.|The entrance fee is 2 pounds. The phone number is 01223350914. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Yes what is the attraction type?|architecture, anything else for you today?
that's it! thaaaanks!|Alright, have a great time. Good bye.
I'd like to find an attraction to visit, something on the west side.|I have 13 attractions on the west side. Do you know what type of attraction your interested in?
No, but you can give me the address to the first 3 attractions on the westside.|I have colleges: Churchill College on Storey's Way, Clare College on Trinity Lane, and Clare Hall on 	Herschel Road. Would you like another type of attraction?
No, can you please provide me with the address to Clare College? I am also looking for a cheap place to dine on the west side, cheaper price range.|Clare College is located on Trinity Lane.  Okay, I'll find somewhere for you to dine.  Did you have a specific kind of food in mind?
I think I would like to get Italian. Do you have any located on the west side?|There is one cheap Italian eatery on the west side, called La Margherita. It's a wonderful place - would you like to make reservations?
Can I get the address, phone, and postcode please?|The address, phone, and postcode are 15 Magdalene Street City Centre, 01223315232, and cb30af. Should I make a booking for you?
Yes, please. I'd also like a taxi to go between the hotel & the restaurant.|What time would you like to leave?
I can make my own dinner reservation.  I just need the taxi to leave Clare College by 12:30.|Where will you be taking the taxi to?
I need to go to the restaurant.|It's booked! Do you need contact info?
Yes, and the type of car.|The car is a grey skoda and the contact number is 07137645677.  Anything else I can help you with today?
Thank you so much. That's all for today. Goodbye.|I'm happy to be of service, and I hope you enjoy your time in Cambridge!
I am planning a trip in Cambridge|What would you like to see while there?
I would like to go to an entertainment venue in the centre of town.|Unfortunately, I have many in other area but nothing in the centre. Can I look up something else for you?
How about a college then. I will need the address and phone number.|There are 13 churches in the centre. How about christi's college? The address is saint andrew's street.
Ok that will work. Can I get their phone number please?|Okay the phone number is 01223334900.
Thank you. I also need information on a train.|I'd be happy to help, where are you leaving from?
I need to leave London Liverpool Street on Thursday and get to Cambridge by 11:30.|There are four trains that match your request. What time would you like to leave?
I do not care about departure time. I would like you to get me one ticket.|You have been booked for the TR3839. It leaves Thursday at 05:39 and cost 16.60 lbs.  Can I do anything else for you?
That is all, thank you for your help.|Ok great, have a wonderful day!
I want see something particular, can you book reservations for anything?|Most things yes, can you let me know what you want to see?
I'm interested in seeing sheep's green and lammas land park fen causeway|It is located in the south,can I get the address for you?
Yes and can I get the phone number please?|The address is fen causeway, newnham road. The number is 01223302580.
I also need a place to stay in the north area.|i have five. any price range?
moderately priced and a 4 star rating, please.|I actually have 7 guest houses that would meet your criteria. Do you need parking?
Can you suggest one? Parking is not important, but please let me know if they have it.|The Acorn Guest House meets your criteria and does offer parking and internet.
Is parking at the Acorn Guest House free?|Yes. Is there any additional information you need about the Acorn Guest House?
I need to know the postcode and if they have internet.|Yes they have internet, and their postcode is cb41da. Do you need anything else?
Nope, that should be it!|Thank you for contacting the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Goodbye
Can you please find me cinemas?|Yes, I can' There are two cinemas in cambridge, cineworld cinema in the south and vue cinema in the centre.
What is the postcode and phone number for one of them?|I would recommend the Cineworld Cinema. The postcode is cb17dy. Their phone number is 00872208000. Is there anything else I can help with?
Thank you! Yes, I also need a train to Cambridge that arrives by 09:00, please.|I have quite a few different options for a train to Cambridge. Can you help me narrow it down by specifying where you'll be departing from?
I will be departing from Leicester on Friday.|TR4256 leaves at 07:09 and arrives at 8:54.  May I book that for you?
I don't need a booking for the train at this time, but if you could give me the travel time and price, that will be all I need today.|TR4256 will take 105 minutes.  The price is 37.80 pounds. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No that's all. Thanks for your help.|You're welcome, if you need any more help from me feel free to ask!
I would like to find a restaurant|I can help you find what you need.  What kind of food are you looking for?  Price preference?  What area?  Thanks!
Cheap price chinese in centre of town ?|I'm sorry, but I'm encountering an error. Could you please restate your request?
I apologize, my mind wandered there for a second, I was really looking for an attraction to see in the centre of town.|Did you have a particular attraction type in mind?
Not really can you make a suggestion?|How about a concerthall?
that sounds good. how much is the entrance fee?|The man on the moon concert hall is in the centre, but I don't have information about price.  I can give you their number, 01223474144.
Ok no problem. I am looking to book a room at Ashley Hotel.|Great! Just let me know what day you're arriving, how many nights you're staying, and the number of people in your party.
I will be arriving on Saturday with a party of 8 for 2 nights. Thaks|You are booked, the reference number is P06EPM0L, any further needs for today?
Yes I will also need a taxi to commute between the hotel and the attraction. I would like to leave the hotel by 07:15.|I booked your taxi.  It will be a blue volvo and the contact number is 7677029602.  Is there anything else you need today?
Thank you. That is all I need.|You're welcome! Have a great day!
I'm looking for a restaurant in the west that serves Indian food.|I have many varying from moderate to expensive in price range. Do you have a preference?
What do you have in the expensive price range?|I recommend Tandoori Palace, would you like me to book a table for you?
I don't need a reservation, but could you give me their address, postcode, and phone number, please?|Tandoori Palace is located at 68 Histon Road Chesterton, postcode cb43le. Their phone number is 01223506055. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes. I am looking for a college as a place to go in town.|I would recommend Clare Hall would you like to visit that?
Sure, but first I'll need to know the entrance fee, area, and address.|Clare College is located on Trinity Lane in the west area of the city.  The entrance fee is 2.50 pounds.  Is there any other information I can get for you?
Yes, please. Can you book a taxi for me? I'll be heading from Clare Hall to Tandoori Palace, and I'd like to be picked up at 18:15.|Certainly, I have booked your car, it will be a yellow skoda  the contact number is 07839693090. Is there anything else I can assist with?
No, that is all. Thank you!|Have a great day!
Thanks for the help, bye!|Glad we could be assistance.
I need a train to London Kings Cross on Wednesday.|I can help with that. Where are you departing from?
I will be departing from Cambridge, and need to arrive by 08:30|The TR1058 Leaves Cambridge at 7:00 and gets into London Kings Cross at 7:51. The cost is 23.60. Would you like to book it?
That won't be necessary, thanks for your help.|Is there anything else you need today?
Yes, I would like to see an attraction in the centre of town.|We have many fine attractions in the center of town. Do you have a specific type in mind?
Yes, please. Multiple sports would be great. If not, theatre is my second choice.|There are no multiple sports places, might i recommend mumford theatre?
No thank you that will be all|I have more theatre attractions if you're interested.
Yes please, can I have the names of some other theater attractions?|Does the Cambrdige Corn Exchange theatre in the center pique  your interest?
That sounds interesting! Can I have their address, entrance fee, and phone number?|we are unsure of their entrance fee but their address is wheeler street	and phone number is 01223357851
Great that's all I needed. Thanks for your assistance.|Thank you for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Goodbye.
Hi, I am looking forward to trying some local restaurants when I visit Cambridge next month.  Are there any good ones?|We have a lot of good restaurants in the city.  Do you have a preference in the type of food you want?
Yes, I'd like to find a Japanese place in the centre.|There is wagamama in 36 Saint Andrews Street, would you like me to book for you?
Yes please book it for 4 people at 11:15 on Monday.|The booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.Reference number is : ULSWHGVK, anything else?
Yes, can you tell me some tourist places in town that are in the same area?|There are quite a lot of different places in the centre. Do you have a particular type in mind such as architecture, college, museum etc?
As long as it is in the same area it doesn't matter, please recommend one. I want its postcode and entrance fee as well|I recommend great saint mary's church. Its postcode is cb23pq and the entrance fee is 2 pounds.
Thank you very much. Actually, can you also reserve a taxi for me?|Sure, just let me know your departure location, destination and when you are going to travel.
I need to leave the church for lunch at the restaurant before the booked time.|absolutely. Look for a white tesla. Its number is 07550780265 in case you need to reach them.
It has been a pleasure talking to you. You have helped me get all I need. Thank you and goodbye.|It's a pleasant to help you. Please call back if you need further assistance in the future.
Hi, I'm looking for a hotel, a 0 star hotel is fine as long as it includes free wifi.|I have 1 hotel and a 2 guesthouses available. Do you have a preference on the area or if it is a hotel or guesthouse?
I would prefer a hotel that is in the centre of town and moderately priced if that helps narrow it down.|Cityroomz meets that description. Would you like to book it?
May I please have the address and postcode for Cityroomz?|Certainly, the address for Cityroomz is sleeperz hotel, station road postcode cb12tz. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Are there any nearby museums?|The cambridge contemporary art museum is nearby.
Great. Could you please tell me the entrance fee?|There is no entrance fee.
Wonderful! That is all I needed. Thank you so much!|im glad to have satisfied you
Thanks again.  That's all I needed.|Let us know if you need anything else.
I'm looking for a nightclub to visit.|Most of the nightclubs are in the centre area. Ballare is located at Heidelberg Gardens in Lion Yard. Would like to hear about some others?
No, but could you tell me more about that one? is it in the centre? What's the postcode?|It is located in the centre. The postcode is cb23na.
I'm also looking for a restaurant that serves cheap chinese food.|You have four options. Do you have an area preference?
I would like it to be in the centre.|How about Charlie Chan? I eat there sometimes.
Sure, thank you! Will you please book a table for 4 people at 19:00 on Friday?|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Reference number is : TLAT8P6I.  What else can I do for you today?
That will be all, thank you very much for your help!|Glad to have been of help. Thank you for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Have a great day.
Can you help me find a hotel in Cambridge, preferably with free wi-fi, please?|What price range and what area of town?
I want it moderately priced and I don't care what part of town.|They Ashley Hotel in the north is moderately priced with free wifi.  Would you like to book a room?
Yes, I would like to book it for 6 people, 4 nights beginning on Saturday.|I have made those reservations for you. Your reference numbers are ORVRFO2U.
I am also looking for somewhere fun in the centre of town.|City Centre boasts over 40 different attractions. Do you have any thoughts on what type of attraction you'd like to see?
Hmm I actually have no clue. Could you just recommend your favorite attraction in the centre and tell me its type and postcode please?|I like the ADC Theatre. Its post code is cb58as. Would you like more information about this theatre?
No,  thank you.  That will be all for today.|Thank you for allowing me to help. Have a great day.
I'm looking for a place to visit.  Are there any attractions in town that are boats?|Yes, there are 4 locations. Are you looking for one in a certain area?
Nope, I just need the entrance fee, phone number, and address of your favorite one.|I really like Camboats. They are located in the East at The Plough, Green End, Fen Ditton. There is no entrance fee. Would you like to book?
No, but I'm interested in train information. Is there anything running from Peterborough on Wednesday?|I can look that up, but let me confirm first.  Are you going from Peterborough to Cambridge or are you going to another city?
I will be going to Cambridge. I would like to arrive by 12:30.|I show 13 entries that will arrive by that time.  What time would you like to depart by?
Departure time doesn't matter to me.|I have TR0106 arriving by 12:09, would you like me to book a ticket for you?
Yes, please book a ticket for me.  What's the travel time for this train trip?|The travel time is 50 minutes. I was able to book your ticket. Your reference number is KO6DHTQX. Is there anything else I can do for you?
What is the departure time of my train?|I am sorry the departure time on that train is 05:19 and you will be arriving at 06:09. Sorry got the two confused.
Thank you have a nice day.|You're welcome. Have a nice day!
There's an attraction I'm looking for in Cambridge.|Ok, are you looking for a church?
No. I am looking for an attraction called Downing College.|Downing College is in the centre on Regent Street.  The number is 01223334860. It is even free!
Great! Thanks so much for the info. I am also hoping you might help me find a restaurant in the centre.|There are many wonderful restaurants in the city centre. Do you have a price range?
yes. it should be moderately priced.|Were you interested in a specific kind of cuisine?
European would be a nice change.|Okay there are four matches for your request. May I make a suggestion?
Yes, I would like your suggestion.|The Galleria. Shall I book it?
Yes, for 7 people please|What time would you like?
At 12:45 please.|I also need the day in order to book it.
Thursday, please.  Thank you|I have booked for 7 people at the Galleria. Your reference number is  8YPDWI4I. Can I be of further assistance today?
That is all I need. Thanks.|Thanks for letting us assist you today! Enjoy your trip!
I am looking for information on the town centre.|I can help with that. What information are you looking for?
Can you recommend a favorite place to go?|We have many great attractions in Cambridge, from architecture to nightclubs. Is there a particular kind of attraction you'd like to visit?
No particular attraction but I do need it to be in the centre.|I like castle galleries that's a museum in the centre. Would that interest you?
That sounds interesting. How much do they charge for entrance?|There is no entrance fee, it is free.
Thanks, that's all I needed today. Goodbye!|Thank you, have a great time!  Goodbye.
I am looking for some place to go that offers entertainment in the centre. What do you recommend?|There are no places offering entertainment in the centre. Would you like to try a different area?
Is there one that has architecture?|I have several options. Perhaps you would enjoy a stroll through Holy Trinity Church?
Can I have its address please?|Yes, the address is market street, can I help with anything else?
I'm also looking for a place to stay. I need some place with free wifi. I don't need free parking.|There are 32 entries, do you have any other information to help narrow it down?
something in the moderate price range, please.|We have 17 hotels that fit your criteria. Would there be anything else that you would like in your hotel?
I would like something with free wifi. It doesn't need to have free parking.|acorn guest house would be nice for you, should i book it for you?
Hi, I am looking for a place to stay.|What area of town will you be staying in?
I don't know what area it is in, but I was hoping you could make a reservation for me at the Lensfield Hotel.|I have the lensfield hotel in the south area. When would you like that reservation for?
Yes, that would be great. Can you reserve for me starting Thursday?|How many nights will you be staying?
I need a place for 5 nights. And I need it for 8 people.|Booking was successful. Reference number is : TGFJKYMX May I help you with anything else ?
I need some night life or places to go|What type of place are you looking for?
I just want to find somewhere in the centre to visit|What type of attraction are you interested in? There is lots to do in the centre
Maybe a museum?|There are 11. Would you like to go to museum of archaelogy and anthropology? The entrance fee is free.
Thanks, I will need a taxi to get inbetween those two places.|And what sized car will you need?
I need to fit 8 people. Thanks.|What time will you be traveling?
I want to  leave the attraction by 07:45|Booking is successful. The tax is a yellow ford and the contact number is 07052781550. Anything else?
Thank you much good bye.|Thank you for your inquiry. Glad to be of service.
I need help finding a book on italian food|There are fifteen Italian restaurants in town. Do you want a specific part of town, or maybe a certain price range to narrow down the search?
I'm looking for parks in Cambridge can you help me?|Are you looking for one in a particular area?
No, area doesn't matter.  What park would you recommend?|Cherry Hinton Water Play park in the east is an excellent place to keep cool on hot summer days. Would you like the address?
No just the postcode please.|The postcode is cb18dw.
Thanks.  Could you help me find and expensive Indian restaurant perhaps?|Tandoori Palace in the west is a wonderful Indian restaurant. Would you like their phone number or a reservation there, perhaps?
book a table for 6 people at 12:00 on wednesday|I was able to book a table for 6 they will hold the table for you for 15 minutes. The reference number is M4ILDKD4.
Thank you that is all I need for now.|Okay great! I hope you have a wonderful day!
I need a train from  Birmingham new street to Cambridge departing on Monday.|I would be happy to help you find a train!  I have several options, do you require a particular departure or arrival time?
Yes, I do. I'd like to leave from Birmingham New Street on Monday and arrive in Cambridge.|And what time would you like to travel on monday?
I need to leave after 16:45 please.|TR3130 leaves at 17:40 on Monday from Birmingham New Street to Cambridge. Would you like me to book you a seat?
Yes, could you make a reservation for 6 and provide me the reference number when complete.|All booked for 6! Your reference # is 9WAFMF6U. Anything else I can do for you?
Can you get me the area and postcode for a cinema in Cambridge?|There are 2 which would you like? There is one in the south and the centre
It doesn't really matter.  How about the one in the centre?|the postcode is cb17dy this is the one for the south area.
Okay thanks, you've been a lot of help. Bye!|Thank you for contacting us, you have a nice day.
I am looking for a entertainment in the south area.|Nusha is an entertainment attraction in the South. Would you like more information?
Yes, what's their postcode? And while you're at it, maybe their phone number, too.|The postcode is cb17dy and the phone number is 01223902158. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I was also wondering if you can help me find a restaurant called tandoori palace.|Yes. It's an Indian restaurant in the west part of town at 68 Histon Road Chesterton. Would you like to book a table?
Can you give me the postal code for tandoori palace?|The post code for tandoori palace is cb43le. Can I book a table, if so for how many on what date?
No need to book a table at this time.  Thank you for your help.  Good bye.|Happy to be of service, and I hope you enjoy your time in Cambridge.
I'm looking for museums in town. Can you recommend one?|There are 23 museums in town. Do you have a specific area you would be interested in?
Which ever one is your favorite will do. Can I have their contact information and what is the entrance fee?|Cambridge Artworks is in the east. They have no admission and their number is 01223902168
I need the post code also for the museum please.|Their postcode is cb13ef.  Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Yes. I need a guesthouse. I should be a 4 star in the north. Parking is not important.|Acorn guest house looks available, would you like to book that?
Not right now, but could you tell me their postcode?|The postcode is cb41da. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Yeah, can you have a taxi pick me up at the Acorn and take me to the Artworks, say around 24:45?|Booking is complete. Your contact number is 07522217444. The car type will be a red tesla. Can I help you with anything else?
No that's all I needed thank you!|I hope you enjoy your stay.
I'm looking for a great European restaurant. Can you help with that?|There are quite a few European restaurants, what price range are you interested in?
can you find me one that is in the moderate price range?|Yes, I can help you with that. What area are you interested in?
The area doesn't matter.|There are 2 restaurants listed as European, and 3 listed as Modern European. Are you more interested in one group?
I apologize, are any of those in the Centre area?|Yes, two modern European and two European are listed in Centre. Do you have a preference?
Either is good. Pick the best and give me the address postcode and phone number.|How about Galleria? It's a European restaurant at 33 Bridge Street, CB21UW. Their phone number is 01223362054. Can I help you with anything else?
Yes I'm also looking for places to go in the same area.|What type of attraction would you like to visit?
It doesn't matter, anywhere in town that's in the same area as the restaurant. I'd like the postcode too, please.|I recommend the Primavera museum at 10 King's Parade, postcode cb21sj.
Thanks so much for your help, I have all the info I need for right now.|Thank you for calling! Goodbye.
I need help finding a train.|I can help with that. Where would you like to go?
bishops stortford and should leave after  19:15 on sunday and go to cambridge|I have two trains on a Sunday matching those demands. One leaves at 21:07 and one leaves at 24:07. Any preference?
the 21:07 train please.|Train TR7879 will leave bishops stotford at 21:29 and arrive at cambridge by 22:07.
cool i need to tickets|OK, you have 2 tickets booked for a total of 16.16GBP. Your reference number is ASHITD7U. Can I help you with anything else today?
Yes, are there any museum that I should check out in the Centre area?|How about the museum of archaelogy and anthropology located at university of cambridge, downing street.  Entrance fee is free. Anything else I can help with?
yeah, what's their phone number?|01223333516. Do you need anything else?
No that will be it, thanks!|Have a great visit!
I'm looking for somewhere in town to go to where I can enjoy entertainment. Do you have any suggestions?|There are many options. Did you have a specific area or activity in mind?
Nothing specific, but I would like to know the entrance fee associated with the activity.|I would recommend the All Saints Church to visit. The entrance fee there is free. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yeah, I'm also trying to find a good restaurant for lunch.|Cambridge has dozens of fine eateries. What type of cuisine are you interested in?
I'm looking for Turkish cuisine.|Okay there are three located in the centre. What is your price range?
The price range should be moderate.|i recommend efes restaurant. can i give you the address?
Actually can you make me a reservation for 2 people at 18:15 for Thursday?|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : B4IPF338. Anything else I can help with?
Yes, Please reserve a taxi that can reach both areas, I would like to arrive by the booked time, Please provide me with a contact number and the car type.|For how many people, and when would you like to leave by?
I need to arrive by 18:15 on thursday.|A yellow skoda taxi will pick you up at all saints church to bring you to efes restaurant by 8:15. Your contact number is 07455408697. Is there anything else?
No, that should be it. Thanks so much.|Have a great time.
thank you for your help!|You're welcome. Goodbye.
I am looking for a place to stay in the centre in Cambridge.|I have 3 hotels and 2 guesthouses in town centre. Would you like a cheap price range or expensive? Will you also need parking?
I would prefer a guesthouse, and it does not need to include internet.|The alexander bed and breakfast is a guesthouse in town centre in the cheap price range with a 4 star rating. Would you like to book a room?
No thank you, that's all I needed.|If you change your mind and need a booking, we'll be here. Thanks for using our service!
Okay! Goodbye!|Goodbye. And feel free to contact us if there's any other information you need, as well.
I am also looking for an attraction, a swimming pool|We currently do not have any shown attraction in that area you are looking for.  Are there any other further things I could assist with?
Can you check a swimming pool in the west of the city?|I'm not showing a swimming pool in the East, but there are 2 in the North, will that work?
I'd prefer one in the same part of town as my hotel, are you sure there isn't one?|Yes, there are no swimming pools located to the west of your city. Thank you, if you need help with anything else, contact us again.
I am coming to visit cambridge. Would you happen to be able to find me a park to go to?|We have 5 parks! What area would you like to be in?
I don't care about the area.  Can you suggest one?|Cherry hinton water play is popular. What info would you like on it?
I would need the area and address, please.|Cherry Hinton Water Play is located in the east. The address is Cherry Hinton Hall, Cherry Hinton Road. Anything else I can do for you?
Yes. Can you help me find a hotel? A nice 4-star place, if that's possible.|I have three 4 star hotels in my system. Would you prefer a cheap or expensive one? Also is there any other criteria you are looking for ?
Do you have a hotel that is in the south with free parking?|No, unfortunately. Please consider other areas.
How about guesthouse style places? Are there any of those available?|Sure thing! I have two, may I recommend Rosa's Bed and Breakfast? It's in south, is cheap, and has four stars.
That sounds lovely.  Please book that for 6 people for 5 nights starting Saturday.|You are all booked. Your reference number is 4U7RJ8M6. Thank you.
Thanks for your help!|You're welcome. Please let me know if you need anything else.
Are there any museums in the centre?|We have 11 museums of various types, did you want more information on any of them?
Yes, I want to know about ones close to the center of town.|There are 11 museums close to the center of town. Are you looking for an art museum, a gallery, or another type of museum?
Can you give me the address to one of the art museums, please?|Sure. The cambridge contemporary art museum is at 6 trinity street.
Thanks. Are there any cheap Indian restaurants near there?|There are three cheap Indian restaurants in the Centre, Kohinoor, the gandhi, and mahal of cambridge. Would you like more information one of them?
I would like more information on the gandhi. Thank you.|The Gandhi is a cheap indian restaurant in the centre. It is located at 72 Regent Street City Street. Their postcode is cb21dp. Their phone number is 0122335942.
Okay. Can we book a table there on Thursday at 18:00. It will be 5 people.|I will book that table for you now.
Thanks.  Can I get a reference number?|Table for 5 on Thursday at 18:00. They will only hold your table for 15 minutes. Your Reference number is : C5FO3HZF.
I also need to book a taxi to get me there by 18:00 from the hotel.|What hotel are you staying at? Or do you need help booking a hotel as well?
I'm sorry. I meant I will need a taxi from the cambridge contemporary art museum to the Gandhi in time for the reservation.|A red Skoda will get you there in time. Contact # 07625450117.
Great, that is all I need today. Thank you.|Thank you! Have a nice day!
do you have information about  all saints church?|All Saints Church is a fine bit of architecture in the center of Cambridge. They are located on Jesus Lane, cb58bs, and their phone is 01223452587.
Is there an entrance fee and if so, how much is it?|Nope, it's totally free.  Can I help with any other information today?
Can you find me a moderately priced british restaurant now?|Restaurant One Seven is in the moderate range and serves British food, would you like the address ?
I am looking for places to go. preferably a museum in west.|There are several museums in the west. Is there a particular type of museum you are interested in?
No, I'd just like it to be in the west.  Can you pick one and provide a phone number?|Ok, the Lynne Strover Gallery is free. The phone number is 01223295264. Anything else I can help with?
Yes I am looking for a train on friday that should depart from cambridge.|There are over 200 trains leaving from Cambridge on Friday. Do you have departure time and destination?
Yes, I want to go to bishops stortford and leave after 20:00 please.|TR4664 departs at 21:29. Would you like me to book that for you?
I was first wondering the price of that train and what time it arrived. Oh! I also forgot to ask for the postcode of the Gallery!|No problem. The gallery's postcode is cb30aq and the train to Bishops Stortford is 10.10 pounds per ticket and will arrive by 22:07. Would you like to book this train?
Yes please! Can I get the arrival time and train ID, please?|The arrival time is 22:07 and the trainID is TR4664.
Thank you, this is very helpful.|Would you like me to book this train for you?
No that is not necessary. Thanks for your help, that's all I need for today.|Thank you for using this system.
I'm looking for an italian restaurant in the centre. What is available?|I have a couple I can recommend for you, is there a certain price range you would like to stay in?
I want it to be in the moderate price range.|The two Italian restaurants in the area are Pizza Express on Regent Street and Pizza Express Fen Ditton. Would you like to reserve a table?
Can you give me the phone number of the one on Regent Street?|The phone number is 01223324033, do you need any more help?
Yes, I'm looking for some sports activities in the same area. Are there any places like that nearby?|I'm sorry, there are no sports activities in the centre. Would you like to try another area?
No, can you tell me if there are any museums in the same area?|There are several.  Are interested in art, archaeology or the history of science? All are free, by the way.
Glad to know that there is no entrance fee, I go with whatever you recommend. Ill need the phone number and postal code of whatever place you pick.|Personally, I love the Museum of Archaeology and Anthropology. The phone number is 01223333516 and the postcode is cb23dz. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Yes, can I get the entrance fee?|It is free admittance.
Great, thanks! That's all I need today.|Have a great day
I need help booking a train from cambridge to ely.|Ok, what day are you traveling?
Tuesday and I need to leave after 16:45 please.|Yesm there is a train available, the TR7733, and leaves at 17:50. Would you like me to book this?
Yes please book it for 8 people and provide the reference number.|The train is booked for 8 people and the reference number is OPGQ4971. Do you need any other assistance?
Yes, I'm looking for a college to visit in town. Can you give me some info on what's around?|I would be happy to get that information for you. Can I help you find a restaurant or an attraction? Or would you like assistance with accommodations?
I am particularly interested in colleges if you would focus on that type of attraction. I would appreciate it.|There are 18 colleges in town. Do you have an area preference?
Are there colleges in the centre of town?|Yes, there are 13. I personally recommend corpus christi. Entrance costs 2 pounds. The address is king's parade, postcode is cb21rh, and phone number 01223338000.
Great, thank you so much! That will be all for today.|You are welcome. Please let us know if you need anything else. Have a great day!
I'm looking for some information about places to go in Cambridge.|Is there a particular area of town that you would like to visit?
in the west. let me know the attraction type and entrance fee|Magdalene college is a college with free admission.
Sounds good, Can you lookup places to stay that are 4 stars and moderately priced?|I havea few. What area are you looking at?
The same area as the attraction.|I'm sorry, I don't have anything in the West area that matches what you are looking for. Is there anything else that I can do for you?
How about in the cheap range?|We have finches bed and breakfast guesthouse and the cambridge belfry hotel, any preferences?
I'd like the finches bed and breakfast guesthouse|Can I book this for you?
Yes, please book it and give me the reference number.|On what day would you like to arrive?
on thursday please|I can book that for you now.
book it for 8 peple and 4 nights from thursday|Booking was successful.
Reference number is : PNPGQMFM.
I also want to book a taxi to commute between the two places.|what time do you want to arrive?
I need to leave the hotel by 22:00.|Okay, good deal. I've booked the taxi for you. Your car type will be a white bmw, and the contact number is 07786419072.
Well thank you that will be all for today|Is there anything else I can do for you?
That is all I need.|Thank you for using Cambridge TownInfo centre and enjoy your visit. Goodbye.
Can you tell me if there's a concerthall in the city center?|There's a place called the Man on the Moon that is a great concert hall. They are located at 2 Norfolk Street. Postcode is cb12lf. Their phone number is 01223474144.
What is the entrance fee?|I do not have information on their entrance fee, I'm sorry.
Ok, well thanks anyway. Can you help me find a restaurant in the centre of town also? I prefer something moderately priced.|Sure thing, what kind of food would you like. I have several options?
I'm not too picky on what kind of food as long as it is good.  Can you make a few suggestions please?|Lan Hong House is Chinese food, Galleria is European style food and the Varsity Restaurant is international dining. Do any of these interest you?
Galleria sounds good. Could I get the postcode for that please?|sure, the postcode is cb21uw
Thank you, I also need a taxi to commute between the two places.|Okay. Can you tell me the departure or arrival time?
I'd like to leave the man on the moon by 04:45, can you set that up for me?|You got it! I've booked a taxi for you. It'll be a yellow ford with the contact number 07730485057
Thanks.  That was all I needed.  Goodbye.|enjoy your stay!
What's the address of Leverton House?|I'm not familiar with that place. If you could tell me what type of place it is we might be able to find it for you.
am looking for information about leverton hotel|Leverton house is a guesthouse on the east side. It is a cheap 4 star hotel that has free parking and wifi.
i could also want to go to a place in town and this should be in a museum.|There are 4 museums on the East side of town. Three are free to the public and has a 5 pound entrance fee. Would you like me to recommend one?
What's the one with the 5 pound entrance fee?|It is cambridge museum of technology
Okay, can you book a taxi to get me there?|Okay, first let me know which day you want to leave and time.
Yes, I am looking for an expensive hotel to stay that includes free parking.|I have many that meet your demands. Do you have a part of town you prefer to stay in?
No anywhere would be fine but I would like a guesthouse with free wifi.|It seems there are not any locations that fit that criteria. Is there anything you could change regarding your preferences?
How about a moderately priced guesthouse instead of expensive?|The acorn guest house meets all of your preferences. Would you like me to book a room?
Yes, please. I'll need the room for three nights starting on Tuesday.|Could you tell me how many people will be staying?
Just one person please.|I was unable to book that for you. Would you like to change the length of your stay?
Could you see if they have 2 nights starting on tuesday?|Yes, I was able to book for 2 nights.  Your reference number is QD303GCI.
I'm also looking for a museum in the centre of town.|I have 11 museums in the centre of town available, do you have a preference?
I don't really have a preference.  Anything is fine.|You might enjoy the Broughton House Gallery located at 98 King Street. Is there any other information you need?
Thanks.  I just need the entrance fee for that gallery please.|It is free to visit. Is there anything else i can do for you?
No that was it! Thank you so much.|Great! Have a lovely trip! Goodbye!
Are there any places to go in the west of town?|There are 13 attractions in the west part of town, they have colleges, and museums. Would you like one of those?
Can you give list me off the first one? I need the address, phone number and postcode.|Churchill College is located at Storey's Way with a postcode of cb30ds. The phone number is 01223336233.
Sounds good. Are there any 4 star hotels with free wifi nearby?|There are 3, Finches Bed and Breakfast, Huntington Marriott Hotel, and Cambridge Belfry. Marriott is expensive, the other two are cheap. All 3 have free parking. Shall I book one?
Are any of them cheap and in the same area as the college?|Yes. I have finches bed and breakfast or the cambridge belfry. Would you like to book a room at one of them?
Which one of those has free parking?|Both of those include free parking.
Okay, can I see the address for Cambridge Belfry?|Sure.  It's located on Back Lane in Cambourne.  Anything else?
Thank You very much. That's all I needed.|Thank you, please let me know if you need any more help.
That's all. Goodbye!|You're welcome. Have a great night.
I'm looking for somewhere to stay in North Cambridge. I would like it to be a guesthouse|There's eleven different entries for those criteria. Is there anything else you require, such has internet or parking? How about a price range?
I would like a hotel with 4 stars.|Alright. There are 8 different guesthouses that are 4 stars. May I recommend the Acorn Guest House? It is moderately priced and provide free wifi and parking.
That sounds great. Can you reserve rooms for six people? We'll arrive on Thursday and stay for three nights.|That booking was unsuccessful. Can we try another day or a shorter stay?
Ok, well lets try if for just one night then.|The booking was successful.Your reference number is MR08P2NJ. Can I help you with anything else today?
im also looking for a cool sporty place to go in the centre of town, any recommendations?|How about the fez club? It's a nightclub at cb23hx, 8 market passage.
Is there an entrance fee to the fez club?|Yes, there is. The entrance fee is 5 pounds. Can I provide any other information for you?
Yes, what is the post code of the fez club?|It's cb23hx. May I help with anything else?
That's all I needed. Thank you!|Thanks, you're welcome, goodbye.
I'm looking for a train that leaves from cambridge after 15:45|There are many trains, please tell me a destination to help narrow it down.
I'd like to travel to stansted airport.|The earliest train after 15:45 leaves at 16:40. Would you like me to book you a seat?
Yes, I would like to book one seat that leaves on Sunday. Please provide the price, arrival time and train ID. Thank you.|OK, you're booked on TR7062, leaving at 16:40 and arriving by 17:08, reference number 1MSVTP4G. The price will be 10.10 at the station. Can I help you with anything else?
Yes, I was wondering if you could help me find ou abou an attraction called gonville and caius college.|Gonville and Caius College is in the centre of town and entrance is free.  Is there anything else you would like to know?
Can I have their post code and phone number please?|Sure there phone number is 01223332400 and postal code is cb21ta.
Okay. Thank you very much.|Is there anything else I can help you with?
No I think that should do it. Thanks. Goodbye.|Thank you, have a nice time.
I'm looking for some entertainment related places to go in the centre of Cambridge.|I was unable to find any entertainment in the centre.
Okay. How about a boat anywhere in town?|There are two boats in the centre, scudamores punting co and the cambridge punter. Would you like more information?
I will take the phone number, entrance fee and address of the one you choose for me.|I will choose for you the Cambridge punter, their phone number is 07807718591, they are found on  251a Chesterton road, they don't have an entrance fee.
Looking for a hotel that is in the north part of town.|What star rating do you prefer?
The hotel should be in the north and doesn't need to include internet.and should be in the moderate price range|I recommend the Alpha-Milton Guest House on  63 milton road. Would you like me to go ahead and book you a room?
Yes please, I need 2 nights for 8 people and we will be arriving on Tuesday.|Booking was successful! Your reference number is 8GLX5O9J. Is there anything else I can do for you?
Can you help me find an attraction to visit that is in the same area as my hotel?|Sure, there are four attractions in the north. Do you prefer boat, park, or swimmingpool?
I don't have a preference.  I just need it in the same area.|Okay. Riverboat Georgina is a boating attraction in the north. How about that?
That sounds great, could I get their phone number please?|Absolutely, their phone number is 01223902091.
Thanks. That's all I needed for today.|Okay, have a wonderful visit!
Please find me a train from Cambridge to Leicester|Okay! When do you want to depart?
I'm leaving on Friday and I need to be in Leicester by 12:45.|Train ID TR5648 will be best for you. It will leave cambridge by 10:21 to arrive leicester by 12:06 and it will you cost 37:80 pounds.
Great. Please book me 6 tickets.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 226.8 GBP payable at the station .
Reference number is : TQQ2P14Y.
Woo that's steep but thank you.  I also am interested in visiting the museum in the centre area of town, could you give me info on that?|I recommend castle galleries located at unit su43, grande arcade, saint andrews street. Their phone number is 01223307402. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Excellent, can you give me the postcode?|The postcode is cb23bj. Can I help you with anything else?
nope that is it thanks for all of you help|You are welcome--have a great day!
I'm looking for something to go to in Cambridge.|What area of town were you looking to visit?
It doesn't matter. I'm looking for a nice museum.|Broughton house gallery is a nice museum. Would you like the address?
Yes, please. May I also have the postcode and the area of town?|They're in the center of town. The postcode is cb11ln.
Thank you, I'm also looking for an expensive restaurant that serves European food.|I have 5 different restaurants available. Do you prefer to dine in a certain area of town?
NO preference but lets try one in the center area since the museum is there.|There are three choices, erania, michaelhouse cafe, and darrys cookhouse and wine shop.  Any preferences?
Please get me a table for six at Erania for 15:30 on Wednesday.|Very good, I have your reservation for 6 on Wed at 15:30 made at Eraina. The reference number is 9IEPCLQU. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, I'll be needed a taxi from the museum to the restaurant to get there in time for the reservation.|I have booked a black Toyota. The contact number is 07957232666. Would that be all for you?
A Black Toyota Taxi?|Yes. Is there anything else I could help with?
No, I have everything I need for today.  Thank you.|Thank you for using our service. Have a great evening. Goodbye.
I'd like to know what my options are, as far as expensive restaurants in the city center.|Do you have a particular food type that you would like to enjoy?
Yes, is there any chinese in the area?|sesame restaurant and bar is great. it is situated in 17 hills road city centre postcode cb21nw. can i give you the phone number?
On second thought, I'd rather have Mediterranean food.  Would you see if there's an expensive one in the centre area?|There are two.  La Mimosa and Shiraz Restaurant. Shiraz is my favorite.  Would you like to book a table?
Yes,table for 1 people at 12:15 on friday , thank you|Reference number is : 1DZDPY4K. What else can I help you with?
Also looking to visit a museum in the same area as the restaurant. Could you give me the phone number and postcode of one please?|I would recommend the Primavera. Phone is 01223357708. Zip code is cb21sj. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Next, I will need a taxi to go from the museum to the restaurant so I can get there in time for lunch. Is that possible?|Yes, I've booked you a taxi. It is a yellow tesla, Contact number	:	07670621306
Thank you that's all the help I need today.|You are welcome.  Enjoy your time in Cambridge.  Bye.
Can you help me find an expensive restaurant to eat at in east Cambridge?|I have 4 different food types available: British, Chinese, Gastropub and Indian. Does one of those appeal to you?
I was wanting Korean. Do you see any Korean restaurants anywhere else in the city?|There is one expensive Korean restaurant in the centre called Little Seoul.
Can you book me a table there?|How many people will be in your party and when would you like the reservation?
There will be 8 people, and I want to book it for 20:00 on Wednesday.|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Reference number is : TY97W8SL.
Thank you very much.|Is there anything else that I could help you with?
Yes I was wondering if you could help me find a nightclub in the same area.|Okay, there are 5 options. I recommend Club Salsa.
Great, could I get the address there please?|the address is 1 station road
Could I also have the postcode and phone number?|Their phone number is 07782218745 and their postcode is cb12jb.
Did you book it for me?|Reservations aren't necessary for the Club Salsa, but the entrance fee is five pounds. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Could I book a taxi to take me to the restaurant? I'll need to arrive by 20:00.|Please look for a blue BMW.  Contact number: 07757635795.  What else can I help you with today?
That was everything.|Thank you for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre. We're here 24/7. Have a great day.
I am looking for a multiple sports venue in the centre of town.|Unfortunately I did not find any multiple sports venues in the centre of town. Perhaps you would be interested in searching in a different location?
How about one that is in the type of museum?|Sure, we have 11 museums in the centre area, a few are broughton house gallery, cambridge contemporary art, castle galleries and primavera. Any sound good?
Can I get a postcode, entrance fee, and address of one of them?|The Broughton House Gallery is located at 98 King Street, cb11ln. Their phone number is 01223314960, and it's free to get in.
Excellent. Can I also book a train as well? I need one that leaves after 9:45 to cambridge.|Where are you departing from?
I'm departing from Stevenage on Thursday.|I have trains departing every 2 hours on the :54's, TR3330 leaves at 9:54, would you like to book it?
I don't think so but how much does that one cost?|That particular route is 12.80 pounds a ticket. Anything else I can help you with today?
I need the train ID.|The train ID was TR3330. Do you want to book a ticket?
No, but I do need to know when the train TR 3330 arrives, please.|The TR3330 will arrive in Cambridge on Thursday at 10:43. Is there anything else I may assist you with today?
That looks to be all, thank you for your help.|You're welcome! Call anytime.
Thank you, goodbye.|Good bye.
I'm looking for a restaurant can you help?|There are many different kinds of restaurants to try out, what kind of food do you like?
I would like indian food please. I need it to be cheaply priced as well.|There are 4 restaurants that meet your criteria. Three are in the centre of town, and one is in the north. Do you prefer the north or the centre?
Can you book me a table for 5 at 16:30 on Wednesday , we can try the one in the North and see if anything is available.|I've made reservations at the royal spice and your reference number is BIXL9FWH.
Thanks.  I also wanted to find a museum to visit in the centre area.|Okay, how about the Castle Galleries?
Sounds great! Do they have an entrance fee?|You are in luck, Castle Galleries is free!  No fee to get in!
Excellent! What is the address?|unit su43, grande arcade, saint andrews street
Thanks! You've helped so much. Have a good day. Bye.|Thanks for using our service today!
I want a place that serves Swiss food.|I'm sorry that we don't have any swiss restaurants nearby.  I could recommend several other restaurants if you would like?
Could you please try restaurants that serve Indian food instead?|We have several Indian restaurants. What area of town are you interested in?
any. book a table for 8 people at 16:00on tuesday|Okay, I can do that. How about Curry Prince in the East part of town? It is moderately-priced.
Yes, that sounds good. Please make the reservation for me.|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Reference number is : E4Q6Z78S. Can I help with anything else?
Sure, I'm also looking for a particular attraction called the holy trinity church.|What information are you looking for?
I need the area and entrance fee|No problem. It's located in the centre of town and is free. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, that is it. Thanks for your help!|Anytime!  Enjoy your visit.
I am looking for a college to visit in the centre of town.|Ok, there are 13 in that area. Some have an entrance fee.
Can you recommend one please?|Downing College is very nice and they have no entrance fee.
Yes, I will choose that. Can you give me the postcode, phone number, and address for Downing College? Thanks|Postcode cn21dq, phone 01223334860, and address is on regent street.  Enjoy!
I'm looking for something to do tonight.  Maybe the theatre?|There are 5 theatres, 4 in the centre and 1 in the south.  There are no fees listed, would you like information on any of these?
Can you give me any one in the centre, and give me phone number and postcode?|you can try adc theatre, phone number is 01223300085 and postcode cb58as
That is great can you also find me a hotel with a 0 star in the same area as the theatre|I have two choices for you.  Do you need parking?
No, I do not need parking but need wifi while in the hotel.|Let me look for a hotel with wifi.
OK thank you, I would like the room for Thursday.|I have two options with internet do you have a price reference?
I don't have a preference, please just pick one.|We can try El Shaddai. How many nights will you be staying, and with how many people?
Three, nights and three people, from Thursday on.|I was able to book you a room for 3 for 3 nights starting Thursday. Your reference number is MHTJJN91.
Fantastic, I'd also like a taxi to take me between the two locations, please.|Do you know what time you want to leave by?
I need to leave the hotel by 23:30. Can you please give me the contact number and car type for the taxi?|Sure, I have found you a white Tesla. Their contact number is 07150153206. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No that is all thank you|It has been my pleasure! Goodbye!
I'm so bored, can you help me find a nice museum in the city centre to tour?|We have 11 museums, did you have a specific kind in mind?
I definitely want it to be free.|there is the museum of archaelogy and anthropology which is free
May I have the postcode?|Their postcode is cb23dz. anything else you need?
Yes, I need to find a train that is leaving the Stansted airport after 14;30, on Sunday. I need to travel to Cambridge.|The earliest train leaving after 14:30 is at 15:24 will that work for you?
Yes, that is perfect please book that.|Will you be traveling alone?
I actually dont need a booking. Just the train ID, arrival time and price per ticket please.|TR9680 leaves Stansted Airport at 15:24 and arrives at 15:52 in Cambridge. The price is 8.08 pounds per ticket, and the duration of the trip is 28 minutes.
Thanks, that was all I needed to know.  Goodbye.|Thank you goodbye. Thank you for calling.
can you help me find a cheap hotel?|There are 10 cheap hotels is there an area you prefer?
On second thought, I don't care what price it is.  I just really need a guesthouse with free parking.|I have many cheap guesthouses across the city. What area are do you prefer and if no preference would you like me to recommend something?
i prefer the west side. it should also have free wifi|There is nothing on the West side,want to try a different area ?
I don't need it to be cheap, but I really need it to be in the west and have free parking and wifi.|Finches Bed and Breakfast has free parking and wifi. Would you like me to book it for you?
Yes please and i'll need the reference number|What day do you need it for and for how many days and how many people?
Starting Sunday for 7 people for 4 nights.|I am unable to book the room at this time.
Is it available for 2 nights?|Your booking at finches bed and breakfast for a posey of 7 on Sunday for 2 nights was successful.   Your Reference number is : CUZA1TZH. Can i assist you further?
Thanks, now can you help me find a theatre in town? You can choose your favorite and just tell me the phone number for it|We have four available theatre options in town.I would recommend the mumford theatre and the phone is 08451962320.
Can you help me get a taxi to go to the theatre?|I need to know where will the taxi be picking you up and dropping you off? And is there anytime specific time you prefer?
I need to leave the hotel by 8:00 and go to the theatre thank you.|I have booked you with a grey honda taxi. The number for contact is 07678148281. Is there anything else I can help with?
I believe we got it all done today thanks. Goodbye.|Have a wonderful trip. Goodbye.
Hello, I'm looking for a cheap place to stay that includes wifi in cambridge.|Did you have a particular area of town in mind?
No but I would like free parking and a star of 4 please.|Not a problem.  I see several that fit that description, so let's narrow it down a bit more.  Would you like to stay in a guesthouse or hotel?
A hotel would be good, please.|I have the Cambridge Belfry which is cheap, located in the west, is a hotel with free internet and parking.  Would you like me to make you a reservation?
Yes, please!  For 3 people for 4 nights starting Thursday.|The booking was successful. Your reference number is: 529EH27L. Can I do anything else for you today?
Great I also am looking for some place to go for an attraction in the west part of town.|There are plenty of attractions in the West. What type of attraction do you fancy?
Surprise me! I'm always up for an adventure. I will need the address and entrance fee.|Churchill college is a great free attraction. The postcode is cb30ds. Would you also like the phone number?
Yes, I need to book a taxi.|The phone number for churchill college is  	01223336233.  What time do you need a taxi?
I need a taxi to commute from the hotel to the college, leaving the hotel at 22:15.|Where would you like to depart from
We are in the centre of town and looking for places to go. We would like maybe a museum and a cinema. Can you help me?|vue cinema is a very nice place to go.
awesome, sounds good. What is their postcode please?|Vue Cinema's postcode is CB11PS.  It's located at the Grafton Centre, East Rd.  Can I help you with anything else?
Yes I am looking for a place to stay that needs to be a hotel that has free wifi.|Do you have a specific area in mind?
In the centre of town, please.|We have three hotels in the area. Do you have a star-rating or price preference?
no, i dont mind any|I recommend the University Arms hotel.  It is expensive but has a rating of 4 stars and offers internet and parking.  Would you like me to book this hotel?
sounds good thanks book it for 6 for 4 nights on wednesday|Done! Your reference number is K1CD3U5C. Can I help you with anything else?
That did it, I am ever so thankful for your help.|Happy to help! Thank you for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre services!
have you heard of saint barnabas press gallery?|Of course! Is a nice little museum on the east side. It's free to enter, and a nice place to spend an afternoon.
may I have the address and area please ?|Its on the east side at the belfast yard, coldham's road. Postcode cb13ew. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I'm also looking for a guesthouse that includes free parking.|There are a lot of options, what's your price range?
The hotel should be in the moderate price range|Acorn guest house is a moderate 4 star facility in the north. Would that meet your needs?
That sounds great can you book a room for 4 people? We are checking in Monday and staying 4 nights.|Your reservation for 4 at the acorn guest house for monday for 5 days 4 nights was successful. Your Reference number is : 7ERDYIN3.
Great, thank you. I think that is all I will be needing. Take care. Bye.|I'm glad I could assist you. Enjoy your stay.  Good-bye.
I am planning a trip in Cambridge|I can help you out!  What would you like to see?
Well, I actually need a place to stay.|ok did you need an attraction ?
Yes, please. I am looking for a boat type of attraction.|Yes I have several in the center and one in the north and east. Any preferences?
No preference. Which one do you recommend?|The Riverboat Georgina you may like. It has passenger cruises and more.
Thanks, I'm also looking for a train to cambridge departing birmingham new street.|What day would you like to leave?
i want to leave friday, after 10|Where will you be going?
I will be going to cambridge.|The TR0044 meets your criteria. Would you like to book tickets?
Yes, could you please book that for me. I need one ticket.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 75.09 GBP payable at the station .
Reference number is : UFTQBOZS.  What else can I help you with today?
That is all, have a great day.|Thank you, you too.
I want a train leaving from cambridge.|Okay, and where are we headed?
I am going to London Liverpool Street and I'd like to leave on Monday.|Sure thing, what time would you like to leave or arrive by?
I would like to arrive by 14:00.|I would recommend TR3929 which leaves Cambridge at 05:59 and arrives at London Liverpool Street at 07:27.
That works, can you book it?|Very good, sir, I've booked your trip successfully. Your reference number is QOWR4OO3.
i'm  also looking for places to go in town.|There are many attractions to choose from. To help narrow the results down, are you interested in architecture, colleges, theatres, museums, or parks?
I would like to go to a cinema in the area you recommend please.|I would recommend cineworld cinema
Sounds great can I get the address.|sure its cambridge leisure park, clifton way, anything else?
What area of town is that in? Also, could I get the train booked for 4 people?|Cineworld Cinema is located in the south. I've changed the train booking to 4 people, the reference number is now WA2NPOY7. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, that's everything for today. Thank you.|You're welcome. If you think of anything else you need, don't hesitate to contact me.
I am looking for a place to go in the centre of town. I'm really interested in a theatre.|There are 4 theatres in the centre I recommend Mumford Theatre. Would you like the address?
Could I get their phone number?|Yes, their phone number is 08451962320. May I help you find anything else today?
I am also looking for a restaurant in the same area as Mumford Theatre.|What type of cuisine and price point do you prefer?
do you have any in mind? It really doesn't matter, as long as its moderately priced and in the same general area as the mumford.|The varsity restaurant comes highly recommended and serves international food. Would you like me to book it?
yes book for 3 people at 19:30 on friday please|Your reference number is UZNF1KZ5 and your table will be held for 15 minutes. Is there anything else in which I can help you?
Great, I also need a taxi from the attraction to the restaurant and want to arrive by the reservation time.|I have booked your taxi. Be expecting a yellow Volvo. Please contact 07732601077 should you need to reach them.
Thank you. That will be all.|Ok! Have a great day!
I've heard about Royal Spice, is it a very good restaurant? What is the price like?|Royal Spice is an inexpensive restaurant. I am not able to say if it's a good restaurant. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I would like you to book a table for me at Royal Spice for 6 people at 11:15 on Monday please.|You're all set!  I've got you booked with reference number TOQNLZH1.  Is there anything else I can do?
No.  I am all set. Thanks. Goodbye.|Thank you for contacting us and let us know if we can help you in the future.
I am looking for great saint mary's church in Cambridge|I've located that for you.  What would you like to know about it?
i could like to know what kind of attraction type it is, its area and phone number|great saint mary's church is an architecture attraction in the centre of town. Their phone number is 01223350914.
Okay, I'm also looking for a place to say.  Needs to be a guesthouse with free wifi.|Cambridge has quite a few guesthouses. Do you prefer a particular area of town?
Yes the north area please.|Sure, do you care about price or star ratings?
I would prefer a 4 star. can you recommend one and give me their price range?|There are many! Do you need parking?
I do need parking.|to narrow our options, can you tell me your price range?
Any price range will work, whatever you recommend. I need a 4 star guesthouse with free wifi. Just let me know the price range and of the have free parking.|I can't look at a hotel because you didn't read correctly and didn't select hotel. Thanks
Sorry! Do you have any 4-star guest houses available? I don't care about the price range, I just need to know what it is.|yes we have four of them in the area
Do you have any in the north?|i got seven options one of them is cheap and the rest are moderate
Thank you, I'll take the moderate price that is 4 stars.|I would recommend acorn guesthouse. I hear it's quite nice. Would you like me to book it for you?
That would be fine. Do they offer free parking?|Yes they do. Should i book a room for you there?
Is free wifi offered here?|Yes, it does have free wifi as well. Would you like to continue with the reservation?
You've given me all the information I need today. Thank you.|your welcome, have a great day!
I need train tickets going to broxbourne leaving on monday please.|Where will you be going?
I will be traveling to broxbourne on monday from cambridge and need to leave after 8:00|I have a train that leaves at 8:01 and one that leaves at 9:01.  Both are 17.90 GBP.  Which do you prefer?
Let's go with the one leaving at 08:01. Can you book that for five people for me?|Ok.  I have booked 5 tickets from Cambridge to Broxbourne on TR5517 departing at 8:01 Monday.  The total is 89.5 GBP and is payable at the station.
Can i get the reference number?|Of course, your reference number is HLGV5NI4.
Excellent. I'm also look for a particular attraction called great saint mary's church.|There is a Great Saint Mary's Church in the centre of the city on Market Square. It is 2 pounds to visit for the fee. Is there anything else?
What is the address and postcode?|The address is Market Square and the postcode is cb23pq.
That is all i need for now.|Okay. Glad I could be of help.
I need a 4 star place to stay in the north.|I found 5 guesthouses in the north. The Acorn Guest House has free internet and parking. Can I book this guesthouse?
Not at this time.  Let me think about it.  Thanks!|Okay.  Is there anything else I can do for you today?
Actually, I would like to book the Acorn Guest House for wednesday.|Certainly! How many people are staying and how many nights will you require?
It will be 3 nights for 8 people.|Unfortunately, they were not available for that stay. Would you like to try a shorter stay?
Can we please try for 2 nights?|The booking has been completed. Your reference number is : 01P47PJ5. Is there anything else I could do for you?
What museums do you have in the centre?|The Castle Galleries are in the centre.
That sounds good. Can you tell me what the entrance fee is?|The entrance fee is free.
Thanks. Can I also have the address and postcode?|Certainly. The address is unit su43, grande arcade, saint andrews street and the postcode is cb23bj. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, you've been a great help.  Thank you for your time.  Goodbye.|Great! Have a wonderful day!
Hello, can you give me some information on places to go in town?|Can I get the type of attraction you would like to go to?
I would like to go to a swimming pool.|I show 4 swimmingpools. Do you have a preference of an area?
No area preference in mind. Please get me the address and entrance fee - if any - for one of them.|i'm not sure about the entrance fee but i can give you the address for abbey pool and astroturf pitch
ok what's the address?|Abbey pool and astroturf pitch is located at pool way, whitehill road, off newmarket road.  Is there anything else you needed to know?
Yes, are there any seafood restaurants in the centre?|Yes, Loch Fyne is a seafood restaurant in the centre. I must warn you that it is expensive. Would you like me to book it?
Yes please I need it for 6 people for 14:15 on a Wednesday. I will need the reference number.|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Reference number is : PEY9RURV.
Thank you that is all I need for now. Have a great day. Goodbye|Have a great time in Cambridge.
I am looking for a place to stay in Cambridge that is expensive and includes free parking.|I have 5 places that match your request.  Do you want to stay in a particular area of town?
I would prefer to stay in the western area of town. What would you have in that area?|There is one expensive hotel in the west. It is called the Huntingdown Marriot and is 4 stars. How does that sound?
That sounds great. Could you reserve it for me.  I will have 4 people and would like to reserve 4 nights beginning Sunday.|I'm sorry, but I am unable to book within those parameters.  Would you like to book on a different day or for a shorter stay?
Could you try one night instead?|Booking was successful. Reference number is : X0WCHYMC.  Is there anything else I can help with?
Are there anythings to do in the area around the hotel?|Yes, would you like to know the addresses to the night clubs?
Yes please. And the fee to get in.|Certainly. I'll need to know which nightclub you're interested in before giving you the entrance fee, however.
Any night club is fine as long as it's in the west part of town.|Most nightclubs are in the center, one is in the south, we have none in the west. Would another area work?
I was really hoping for something in the west, what other attractions are available in the west area?|How about the Lynne Strover Gallery? It's at 23 high street and it's free.
Could I also have their postcode please?|Lynne stover gallery has a postcode of cb30aq.  Can I help with anything else?
I think that is all I need for now.  Thank you for all your help.|No problem.  Glad to help.
I am looking for information in Cambridge|Are you looking for a place to visit, eat or stay? Do you need transportation?
I'm interested in any boats on the westside.|There are no boats on the west side of town right now, do you have something else you'd like to try?
Okay what about any atttaction that is in the type of college and if available may i have the entrance fee, phone number and postcode.|There are a number of colleges in the west. I suggest magdalene college on magdalene street, cb30ag. Phone is 	01223332138. Entrance is free.
Okay great! I also need a train. Can you assist me with that?|Yes, I need more information on your trip first.
Sure, I am going to be travelling from Leicester to Cambridge on Monday.  I need to arrive by 13:00.|I found 7 trains that match your criteria. How early do you want to leave? We have trains running every hour from 05:09 to 11:09
Can you book 2 tickets for a train that arrives closest to 13:00 please?|Booking was successful, the total fee is 75.59 GBP payable at the station .
Reference number is : LQKC8QD2. You'll be on the TR1193 which will arrive at 12:54.
Thanks for helping me, I am all set.|Great, thank you for visiting us and I hope that you enjoy your stay.
I'm looking for a moderately priced restaurant that serves chinese food.|There are 4 chinese restaurants in your price range. Are you interested in a particular location to narrow down the choices?
I need a restaurant located in the centre please.|There are three options which are centrally located, would you like to try the Lan Hong House?
Yes, I would like to book a table for 7 people at 14:00 on Monday.|I have you booked at Lan Hong House on Monday at 14:00. Reference number is : ONOCCL26. Anything else I can do for you?
Yes, I'm looking for somewhere to play soccer near the restaurant.|If you are looking to play soccer, would I be correct in that you are interested in a park in the centre of town?
I'm sorry, no, I'm interested in a multiple sports attraction.|I'm sorry, there are no multiple sports attractions in the centre area. Would you like to look in another area?
Okay, what about a college?|There are 13 colleges near the restaurant. Do you have a specific one you'd like to visit?
No, it doesn't matter.|There are 13 colleges nearby, would you like to try trinity street college?
Sure, can I have their phone number please?|Of course! Their phone number is 01223338400. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I need to book a taxi for the commute between the two places.  can you book one for me so I arrive on time?|OK, a white Skoda will pick you up at Trinity College and get you to the Lan Hong House by 14:00. The contact number is 07340629776. Can I help further?
No, that's all the information I need. Thank you.|Thank you for allowing me to assist you today.  If there's anything else you might need don't hesitate in the future to contact us, we look forward to helping you!
I am good to go.  Thanks!|Thank you, and have a nice day!
I'm looking for a place to go in the centre of town.|What type of place are you looking for?
I don't have a preference, but I will need a phone number.|Old Schools is a great bit of architecture that I recommend visiting. Their phone number is 01223332320.
I also need a train going to cambridge departing from birmingham new street. I'd like to leave at 09:15.|What day will you be travelling?
I'll be leaving on Tuesday and I changed my mind, I prefer a train that leaves after 14:00|Train TR8466 leaves at 14:40 and arrives by 17:23.
What is the price and travel time?|163 minutes and 75.10 pounds.
Awesome, thanks a lot. That's all I need help with.|Did you want me to make the train reservations for you?
No thank you. That is all that I needed.|Thank you for contacting us and have a nice day.
I'm looking for a museum in town|There are 23 museums in Cambridge. Any particular one or area you are looking for?
I'd like to visit one with a low or free entrance fee. I also need to know in what area the museum is located.|I can recommend Broughton House Gallery. It is free and in the centre of town.
Is the Broughton House Gallery a museum? I am also looking for a place to stay. Preferably in the north.|Yes it is a museum. There are many hotels that match your criteria. Do you need free wifi or parking?
I do not need to have free parking or wifi. Please check to see if there is a guesthouse available instead of a hotel for our stay.|There are 11 guesthouses in the north. Do you have a price range or number of stars in mind?
I would like it to be at least $100 a night and 3 stars.|I have two available guesthouses. They are both moderately priced. The Alpha-Milton and the Hamilton Lodge. Would you like more info on one of those?
Does one of those offer free parking? I would like it to have that where I stay.|The Hamilton Lodge has free parking and internet as well.  I can try to book it once I know the day, length of stay, and how many people.
Great. Could I get the postcode, phone number, and address please?|The postcode is cb41da and the phone is 01223365664. Hamilton Lodge is located at 156 Chesterton Road. Anything else I can help you with?
No, I think that is All. Thank you.|You're welcome. Enjoy your time in Cambridge!
Are there any colleges in the west of town that I could go to? Thanks.|There are 5 colleges on the west side of town. I recommend checking out Churchill College. It's beautiful and free to get in!
What is the address to Churchhill College?|Churchill college is on storey's way.
thank you! I also am looking for carolina bed and breakfast|Carolina bed and breakfast is in the east area, can I book that for you?
No thanks, just gathering information.  Can I get the hotel type, phone number and postal code please?|You sure may.  It is a beautiful guesthouse located in postal code cb13nx.  Their phone number is 01223247015.
Thank you for the info.|You are welcome.  Can I help you with anything else?
No that will be all thank you.|Glad I could help you. Thanks for using our service have a nice day.
What kind of entertainment is located in town in the south area of Cambridge?|Nusha is entertainment in the south part of town.
Sounds interesting.  What is the entrance fee?|It is actually free.  You can call them at 01223902158.
That sounds great. What's the postcode?|The postcode is cb17dy. Do you need any more information?
I also need the phone number for the avalon hotel.|Unfortunately my system is not showing the number would you like the number to another hotel?
i am looking for a place to stay. The hotel should be in the type of guesthouse and should be in the east.|There are several to choose from.  Is there a price range you are looking for?
Yes, I'm on food stamps and I can only afford the cheapest place.|There are 3 guesthouses available. All are 4 star rated and offer free parking and wifi. They are the Allenbell, the Autumn House, and the Leverton House.
Do they have free wifi, and parking?   Free is my ideal price.|Yes, the guesthouses all provide free wifi and free parking. Would you like to a book a room at one?
No, but could you give me the postcode?|There are three guesthouses that meet that criteria, Allenbell, Autumn House, and Leverton House. For which would you like the postcode?
May I have the postcode for the Allenbell, please?|sure thing it is cb13js
I also wanted to find a nightclub to visit while I'm there.|there are quite a few in the towns centre. the kambar is quite nice at 1 wheeler st
That sounds great. Is there a cover charge?|Yes there is. It is five pounds.
Can you give me the address and phone number?|Yes I will work on rounding that up for you.
Great I appreciate it!|The address is 1 Wheeler Street, postcode cb23qb, ant the phone is 01223842725.
i also want a taxi to commute between the two places|What time would you like to leave or arrive by?
I'd like to leave the hotel by 15:45 please|Booking completed!
Booked car type	:	red tesla
Contact number	:	07362491637
Can I help you anything else today?
thank you very much|You are very welcome. Have a great day. Goodbye.
Can you help me find a place to go in the centre?|My pleasure, there is something for everyone, we have over 40 attractions in that area?  What kind of activity do you have in mind?
Shopping and maybe a mini mall and I need address, postcode, and attraction type|I don't have any info on shopping sites but I do have info on museums, architecture, cinema and the like.
Where would you recommend?|I would recommend Cambridge University Botanic Gardens, located on Bateman Street, Postcode cb21jf.  It does cost 4 pounds to enter.  Phone is 01223336265.
Sounds good, thanks!  I'm also looking for information about a restaurant called Eraina.|Yes Eraina serves European food and is located in the center and is expensive.
Can you book me a table please?|I can assist you with that. How many guests are in your party and what date and time would you prefer?
Book it for 14:30 on Wednesday for 5 people|Your booking was successful. Your reference number is INFN2J8M. Is there anything else I can do for you today?
Thank you that is all I need.|Have a wonderful day.
Can you tell me where the nightclubs are in east Cambridge?|There are no nightclubs in the east. Do you have another preference?
Are there any museums in the East then?|We have 4 museums in the East. Cambridge Artworks, Gallery at Twelve A High Street, and Saint Barnabas Press Gallery are all free. Cambridge Museum of Technology is 5 pounds.
Can I have the postcode for Cambridge Artworks, please?|It is cb13ef. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Thank you. I am also looking for a Train, I am hoping to leave sometime on Friday and arrive by 12:45.|Where will you travel to and from?
I am going to leicester from cambridge.|There are 5 trains that fit your criteria. Would you like me to book you with the earliest?
No, I actually just need the train ID.  The earliest train would be great.|The earliest train is the train TR4826.
that is all i need for now. thanks for helping|You're welcome, let me know if I can assist with anything else.
I need a train leaving from stansted airport.|Sure, what date and time would you like to travel?
Sunday I can leave any time after 11:30.|The first train out after 11:30 leaves at 12:24. It arrives in Cambridge at 12:52. Would you like a ticket?
Yes I will need it for 7 people.|You're all set! The fee is 56.56 GBP and you can pay at the station. Your reference number is VWI4PRFE. Do you need anything else?
Yes I need a place to go in the centre of town.|I have lots to do in the center like, colleges, theater, cinema and architecture. Any preferences?
We would like to enjoy some entertainment.  Can you suggest something of this type?|There are clubs,can you ive me a idea of what you like ?
Is there a park?|The Cambridge university botanic gardens are lovely this time of year. The gardens are located on Bateman street. Do you want more information?
No that's actually everything I needed. Thank you, goodbye!|You're very welcome. Thank you and have a lovely day.
I'm just looking for a cool place to go later.|Which area do you want to go to?
I would like to visit a college, what would the entrance fee be?|Almost all of them are free. Christ's college is famous and free. What part of town do you prefer?
I don't prefer a part of town. I need to find a train to get there. Can you help me with that too?|Yes, when would you like to travel?
I would like to leave on tuesday.|Christ's college is located in Centre. Where will you be departing from on Tuesday and what time?
hold the phone. what is the entrance fee for christ's college?|Christ's College is free admission.
Great I also need a train departing from birmingham new street and arriving by 18:15|I'm sorry there are no trains that fit that criteria. Would you be able to arrive any later?
Are you sure? Can you please check again for a Wednesday train from Birmingham New Street to Cambridge, arriving by 18:15?|I am sorry I cannot find anything for those specifications
I find it hard to beleive there are no trains arriving by 18:15. It doesn't need to arrive AT 18:15 just before that. Please check again.|TR2286 leaves birmingham new street at 14:40 and arrives in Cambridge at 17:23. The price is 75.10 pounds and takes 163 minutes. May I book this for you?
Yes please, just one ticket.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 75.09 GBP payable at the station .
Reference number is : JWJXOOQU.
Thank you that is all I needed today.|I'm sorry for the confusion earlier, I hope you have a lovely time here.
I am looking for college attractions to go to in town.|How about Clare Hall on Herschel Road?
That sounds good. May I have their postcode and phone number?|The phone number and postcode is: 01223333200	cb21tl
Great! I'm also looking for a moderately priced restaurant in the north area of town. Can you help me with that?|Yippee Noolde bar is moderately priced, would you like a reservation?
yes, please - table for 4 at 13:45 on tuesday|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Reference number is : VHZUMK58.
thank you!|Do you need help with anything else?
That is all I need. Thank you for your help!|You're welcome. If anything comes up please return for help.
Can you help me find a college located in the centre. I seemed to have misplaced the information on it.|There are sveral colleges in the centre. Do you remember the name?
I do not. Could I have the addresses for all of them and the entrance fees?|I would recommend Downing College on Regent Street.  It has free admission.  There are a number of others, but that is the one I would suggest.
That sounds fantastic. Could I get the address?|Address, post code first is cb21dq	regent street. May I help you with any thing else?
Yes, I am also looking for a train that leaves Stansted Airport on Friday and arrives in Cambridge by 21:00.|There are 15 trains that match those requirements. Is there any time you want to leave?
I'll take whatever the last train is that will get me there before 21:00. If you can just give me the train ID please. Thanks.|Sure, that would be train TR5097 and it arrives at 20:52.
Great!  Thank you so much for your help.|You're welcome. Is there anything else I can do for you?
No thanks. That will be all. Goodbye.|It's been a pleasure. Goodbye.
I would like to visit some of the architecture here in town. Can you help me with this?|I can indeed. We have several churches and a school renowned for their architecture. Great Saint Mary's Church charges visitors 2 pounds, but the rest are free.
Can you give me information on a free one and I'd need to know what area of town it is in please.|all saints church is free and it's in the centre, located at jesus lane. Their number is 01223452587.
Thank you very much for your help.|You are very welcome. Was there anything else I can assist you with?
No, thank you, that's all I need today. Bye.|Have fun! Goodbye!
Hello. I will be a tourist in Cambridge and I've heard there are many local attractions.|Yes, we actually have over 79 attractions. Do you have a specific area of town or interest of attraction you are looking for?
Can you recommend me a nightclub where I can get jiggy with it?|Well, I think the jiggiest nightclub in town is the Soul Tree Nightclub, right in centre city! Plus the entrance fee is only 4 pounds.
That is perfect can I have the postcode please?|Sure! The postcode is cb23qf
Thanks. Last time I stayed in Cambridge several years ago I stayed at the carolina bed and breakfast. Is it still around?|Yes, it is still around. Would you like me to book the Carolina Bed and Breakfast?
I just need to verify some information before I book anything. Do they still have wifi, and have the prices stayed moderate? Oh, and they are in the East, correct?|They are in the east, yes, and they are still considered a moderately priced guesthouse. And they also have free parking and internet.
Awesome! I will also need to book a tai to go from the hotel to the nightclub.|Yes, they are in the east, prices still moderate and they do have wifi. Is there anything else I can find out for you?
Yes, I would like to book a taxi to leave the hotel by 11:00.|I got a blue Audi for you. Their number is 07962712381. What else do you need?
That is all I need today. Thank you for your help!|You're welcome. Have a good day!
I'm trying to find a nightclub in the centre of town.|We have 5 nightclubs located in the centre of town. Are you looking for a particular nightclub or do you want a recommendation?
Could you give me a recommendation as well as the entrance fee?|ballare has a 5 pound entrance fee.
I need a train departing from london liverpool street.|What day and time would you like to travel?
I will need it on Friday and intend to arrive by 12:00.|Sure, I can help you with that.  What day were you wanting to travel?
I would like to travel on Friday.|The TR0637 will get you into Cambrdige by 11:07. Will that work for you?
may i have the train ID and price please ?|You already have the Train ID from previous conversations, but the price is 16.60 pounds.
Thanks. Thats all I needed. Goodbye.|Thank you for choosing the Cambridge TownInfo Centere. I hope you use us again.
Hi!  I'm looking for an attraction named Kambar.|It is a nightclub in centre at 1 wheeler street. Phone is 01223842725. Do you need any more information?
thanks i want to get its entry fee and address|The address was just given to you and the phone is 01223842725.
Is there a entrance fee?|Yes, there is a 5 pound entrance fee for the club.
I am also interested in a place to stay, that includes free parking.|Do you have an area or price range in mind?
I would like an expensive 3-star hotel.|Gonville hotel is in the centre, the lensfield is in the south, any preferences?
What do you recommend?|in my opinion, the lensfield is much more updated than the gonville. do you need me to book a room?
Just to confirm, does the Lensfield have free parking?  If so I'd like to book for 6 people, 3 nights, starting on thursday.|The Lensfield Hotel does have free parking. I can assist you with that reservation.
Yes, can you please book a room with the details I already provided.|Your room has been booked. Your reference number is CAFW873C.
Thank you so much. I appreciate your help with this.|No problem. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
That is all, thank you for all your help.|You're welcome, let me know if I can assist with anything else.
Hi, I want to find some water and go boating somewhere around town. What do you have listed?|I have some great choices for you. There are two places in the centre of town, one in the north and one in east. Do you have a specific location?
I think maybe the north for this trip.|The Riverboat Georgina is in the North of town. It's located at Cambridge Passenger Cruisers, Jubilee House. May I help you with anything else?
That is all I need, thank you.|Have a wonderful time in Cambridge!
I am planning a trip in Cambridge|Congratulations! When are you traveling? Would you like to come by bus or train?
Train please. I need to leave cambridge on friday after 12:15 going to broxbourne.|There are 11 trains meeting those requirements, leaving once an hour starting at 13:01. They all have a duration of 60 minutes and cost 17.90 pounds.
Can you book me on the first train at 13:01.  I need 4 people to be reserved for.  If I can get a reference number that would be great!|Your booking was successful. Your reference number is PUWPI5NE.
Thank you! Can you also tell me some information about the fitzwilliam museum?|Okay it's located in the centre an free to get in.
What attraction type would you classify it as?|It's a museum. Do you need more information?
what area is it in?|Sure it is located in the city center.
thanks for all of your help|is there anything else I can help you with today?
No, that is all for today.|Thank you for calling. I hope you enjoy your trip! Goodbye.
I would like to visit Clare College. Can you give me more information on it?|Of course! It's a college in west Cambridge at Trinity Lane cb21tl with phone number 01223333200. The entrance fee is 2.50 pounds. How else may I assist you?
You've told me everything I need to know. Thanks!|You are very welcome. Thank you for using our service.
Im looking for a expensive restaurant in the centre. Can you assist?|There are more than 30 of them. Did you have a cuisine in mind? If you're in a mood for a gastropub I can recommend The Slug and Lettuce.
What an interesting name! Hmm, what do you have in the way of seafood restaurants?|Lock Fyne is what you're looking for. They're at The Little Rose 37 Trumpington Street. Would you like me to book you a table?
No thanks that's all I needed thank you for your help.|You are welcome. Goodbye!
I'm a tourist from out of town. But, I was trying to find something fun to do near my hotel. Could you recommend a place?|I would be more than happy to recommend an attraction, first could you tell me in what part of town your hotel is located?
It is in the centre of town.|There are tons of places to go in the center of town. What type of attraction are you looking for?
Really anything will do. I have to kill some time in between appointments. Can you recommend something and send me the address please?|How about the Cambridge Contemporary Art Museum? Their address is 6 Trinity Street, in the centre of town, and they have no entrance fee.
That will do! Thank you very much.|Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
Nope, that's all I needed.Thanks so much!|Oh, you are most welcome. The museum will be awesome.
I'm looking for a fun nightclub here in town.|There are six nightclubs in town .One is in the south while the others are in the center
The one in the center sounds fun. How much is the entrance fee?|I would recommend Ballare.  The entrance fee is 5 pounds.
Can I get the address and phone number?|The address is heidelberg gardens, lion yard; the phone number is 01223364222.
Thank you. I am also hoping to stay at a guesthouse in the north. Can you help me with that?|There are 11 guesthouses in the north in the cheap to moderate price range. How many stars are you looking for?
I don't have a star preference.|Avalon seems to match your criteria, it's a great guesthouse! Would you like to book a room?
Do they offer free parking? If so, I would like to book.|I'm afraid not. Would you like to try a different place?
Could you check one that's in the moderate range instead?|the avalon is quite nice, when are you planning your stay?
I'm glad that it's a nice place, but is it moderately priced and with free parking?|Yes its moderately priced but unfortunately it doesn't have free parking. Would you like me to search for a hotel that offers that particular amenity?
That is just fine. Please book it for 8 people and 5 nights starting from wednesday.|I have booked it for 5 nights/8 people starting Wednesday.  The booking reference is KX7LBOB7.  Anything else?
No that is all for now thank you.|sure thing! Have a nice trip!
Can you suggest some places I can go on my upcoming visit?  I'm super excited to be able to see some of the local attractions.|There are 79 attractions.  What part of town would you like?
I would like them to be in the Centre area of town.|What type of attraction do you prefer?
I would prefer the cinema.|The Vue Cinema is in the centre of town.  It is located at the Grafton Centre, east road. Can I assist you further?
Actually yes, find me a mutliple sports attraction in the centre please|I am sorry I have no listing for mutliple sports attraction in the centre,can I check a different area?
No. How about colleges?|Yes! there are thirteen in that area!
Okay, I'd like to a see a college that you recommend. I will need the entrance fee.|Downing College is in the centre area and the entrance fee is free. Can I help you with anything else?
No thank you that will be all|Before you go, can I have the phone number for the cinema?
I need a place to stay.|Vue cinema phone is 08712240240
Hi, I am planning my upcoming trip and am looking for a place to stay.  Can you recommend something for me?|Sure, I am fond of the acorn guest house personally. Did you have a price range that you'd like to stick to?
I'm not too concerned about price. Is the Acorn Guest House in the north section of Cambridge?|Yes it is. Are you wanting to make a booking.
yes,  i want to book it for 8 people and 3 nights starting from wednesday|Sure thing, will you be needing a reference number?
Yes please. I will need that.|Booking was successful. Reference number is : AOJGD8XG. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Yes, I am looking for a multiple sports attraction in the centre.|I'm sorry, but there are no multiple sports type attractions in the centre. Would you like to try a different area?
How about a type of college? Could you provide me with the postcode, entrance fee and address?|Yes, Christ's College is on Saint Andrew's Street and the post code is cb23bu. It's free admission.
Thank you! I also need a taxi please.|Certainly. What is your intended destination and travel time?
I need to leave the attraction by 21:00 please.|Okay, you're all set. I booked a blue honda and the contact number is 07846176365
Thanks so much. You took care of everything I needed. Thanks. Goodbye.|It's been a pleasure. Have a good day.
I would like to visit the theatre.|There are five theatres in town, four in the centre and one in the south side. Do you want to visit a particular area of town?
I do not have a preference. I do need the address, postcode and phone number of a theatre.|would you be interested in the cambridge arts theatre?
Yes, please provide the address, postcode, and phone number for Cambridge Arts Theatre. I also need to find a hotel to stay in.|Cambridge arts theatre is located at 6 saint edward's passage, postcode cb23pj, and phone is 0122350333.  Did you have any preferences for your place to stay?
I would like to stay in the moderate price range and I will need free parking.|We have several places that meet your needs. If you don't care about the area, I recommend the Archway House in the north.
i want it to be a guesthouse|The acorn guest house is in the north, with free parking, in the moderate price range. Do you want me to book it?
Can you book it for me and get a reference number ?|How many people and for how many days?
I actually don't need it booked, I just need the address.|The address is 154 chesterton road.
Thanks now I need a taxi leaving the hotel by 23:30 going to the theatre.|Where are you leaving from? What is the destination? What time do you want your taxi to arrive?
I will be leaving the hotel by 23:30 to the Cambridge Arts Theatre.|I have booked you a taxi. The contact nuber is 07474363221, and it is a Yellow Tesla. Can I help you with anything else?
Nope I think that's it for now. Thanks much and have a great rest of your day!|Thank you for contacting us and have a nice day.
What can you tell me about magdalene college?|It is located in the west area and has a free entrance fee.
Great!  Can you give me the phone number to magdalene college?|Sure, the phone number is 01223332138. Can I help you with anything else today?
I also need a train from ely on Monday|okay! where is the destination?
The train should arrive by 11:45 and should go to cambridge|TR2987 departs at 09:35 and arrives by 09:52. Would you like a ticket?
No how much are the tickets?|Each ticket is 4.40 pounds. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
That's all I need for now.  Thanks!|Ok, thank you. Goodbye.
I am looking for a place to go in the centre of town.|I have about 44 attractions to choose from in the centre. Can you tell me what type of attraction you are looking for?
Maybe a museum would be nice. I am not sure.|I have 11 museums in the centre of town. They are all free. Do you have a type of museum in mind?
Can you just choose one for me and give me the phone number?|Primavera is in the centre at 10 King s parade. Admission is free. Can I get you a train or taxi as well?
Can you give me the phone number for Primavera?|Certainly!  Phone number is 01223357708.  Would you be interested in any restaurants or hotels while there?
Yes, I would like to find a place to stay in the south with free parking. Could you help me?|Please tell me your price range and hotel star rating preference.
I am looking for a hotel with a 4 star rating and price no more then 125 a night.|I have 2 guest house.One is in the moderate price range and the other is cheap. Would you like to book one of these?
There are no expensive hotels with 4 stars in the south with free parking?  I'll take cheap if there aren't, but I need the address and phone number, please.|I have rosa's bed and breakfast. It is in the south and cheap with 4 stars.
That sounds fine.  Can you provide the phone number and address?  And, is that considered a hotel or a guesthouse?|It is a guesthouse and the address is 53 roseford road.  The phone number is cb22ha.
I'm sorry, can you provide that phone number again?  I got a post code.|The phone number for rosa's bed and breakfast is 01223512596
Hi, I'm looking for information on a particular restaurant called Galleria.|Galleria serves European food in the moderate price range.  It is located in the Centre of town.  Would like to book a table?
Yes, please. I'd like the reservation to be at 18:30 for 5 people on Sunday.|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.Reference number is : ENOALFAV.
Thank you that will be all. Have a great day.|great day and thanks for inquiring with us
I would also like to find a museum.|Which area would you like the museum to be?
How about you just choose the one you like best and give me the postcode, entrance fee, and area information for it|Byard art is a museum in the south. It is free to enter and the postcode is cb21sj. Anything more today?
Please arrange for a taxi to pick me up from Byard art and take me to Galleria by 18:30. Provide car type and contact number too.|Booking completed!
Booked car type	:	red lexus
Contact number	:	07555424165
Great thank you so much for all the help!|Is there anything I can do for you?
That's all I needed. Thanks for all your help.|OK great.  Have a good day.
I am going to the east part of Cambridge and want to see a good attraction.|We have several, are you looking for anything specific?
Nothing specific as I am looking for recommendations.|How about the funky fun house?
No, do you have any other suggestions?|There is the camboats, and the museum of technology!
Camboats sounds interesting. What type is it and where is it located?|camboats is a boat attraction. It is located in the east. The address is the plough, green end, fen ditton,. Is there anything else I can help with?
i wanta restaurant in the east that serves gastropub food.|Royal Standard is in the east and serves Gastropub food, does that meet your needs?
Yes that would be great. Could you book that for me?|Yes when would you like to go and what party size will you have?
I actually don't need a booking. Can I have the phone number and address instead?|phone number-01223247877 you are welcome
I still need the address, and after that we need to talk about a taxi.|The address for Royal Standard is 290 Mill Road City Centre.  Is there any more information regarding the restaurant?
No I just need a taxi from Camboats at 11:30 to go to the restaurant.|You're all set! You will be traveling in a grey BMW and their contact number is 07991243906 should you need to contact them.
Thank you so much. That's all I need today.|Enjoy your stay. Glad I could help.
I'm looking to hear some music in a concert hall. Are there any in the north section of Cambridge?|There are no concert halls located in the North section of Cambridge. Is there somewhere else you want me to check?
Yes. Are there attractions with swimming pools in that area?|There are two swimming pools in northern Cambridge. I would recommend kings hedges learner pool in jedburgh court, kings hedges. How does that sound?
That sounds great thank you for the help.|You're very welcome! Anything else I can help you with?
I also need to get a train that is leaving on sunday and should go to cambridge.|I'd be happy to help you. Can you tell me more about your trip?  Where are you departing from?
I'll be departing from Leicester and would like to leave after 21:00.|There are three trains leaving at 21:09 and each hour after. Would the train leaving at 21:09 work for you?
Yes that one will work great. How much does that train cost and what is the travel time?|They are all 30.24 pounds and last 105 minutes. Would you prefer the 21:09, 22:09 or the 23:09?
I will do the 21:09, but I will book later, thank you so much for your help.|Very good, is there anything else I can help you with today?
No, Thank you very much, goodbye|Have a nice day.
Hello, I'm looking for a restaurant in Cambridge that serves high Chinese food and is more expensive than it's competitors.|I have some here can I get what area you would like to eat in?
I don't have a preference on the area. Can you make a suggestion?|How about the Ugly Duckling that is located in the city center?
That sounds fine, can you book  a table for 3 at 11:45 on Wednesday please?|You are booked for Weds at the ugly duckling refs number is U1BCCKQX
Can I get the phone also please?|They is no phone information given, can I help with anything else?
Yes, i am looking for places to visit on the east side of town.|There are lots of attractions in the east! Do you have a preference for type?
I will like a place with no entrance fee and also a taxi that will take me from the restaurant to the place.|Okay, I recommend cambridge artworks. For the taxi, I will need more information on either departure or arrival time
What is cambridge artworks address?|the address is 5 greens road.
And can you give me the postcode?|Certainly, the postcode is cb13ef.  Are you still wanting to reserve a taxi?
Yes I still need a taxi please.|OK, and what time would you like that taxi?
well to commute between places.|A red honda will be picking you up in time for your reservation, the contact number is 07278810684, anything else today?
That takes care of my needs. Thank you, bye!|Glad I could help. Enjoy your trip!
I am looking for an attracion called the cherry hinton hall and grounds.|Ah, yes. Cherry Hinton Hall and Grounds is an entertainment venue in the East. Would you like the phone number or postcode?
Yes, may I please have the phone number?|Sure! The phone number for the Cherry Hinton Hall and Grounds is 01223446104. Can I help you with anything else?
I'm also looking a train. The train should leave on friday and should go to stevenage.|Are you wanting to leave from Cambridge?
Yes I'd like to depart from cambridge and arrive by 16:15.|How about the TR7852 train? It arrives in Stevenage at 14:10.
Is there anything that arrives a little closer to 16:15 or is this the best option?|Train TR8135 arrives by 16:10, shall we book that one for you? That is the closest one to that time.
You don't need to book it for me, but could you tell me the travel time and price for that train?|The price is 12.80 pounds and the duration of the trip would be 49 minutes.
Thank you so much, that's all I needed. Goodbye!|Glad to give you the information, contact us again if you need more assistance.
Hello, I am interested in seeing the attractions on the west side of town. Can you assist me?|Clare hall	is a college in the west part of town.
Great.  Can you let me know the address and entrance fee?|The address is herschel road and it is free. Can I help you with anything else?
Yes, Im looking for a nice high end expensive place to dine at in the same area.|Is there a certain cuisine you are interested in eating?
Yes, I was hoping for Austrian food.|There is not an expensive Austrian restaurant in the area. Is there another cuisine you'd like to try?
How about  cheap price range ?|I'm afraid there aren't any Austrian restaurants in town at all, regardless of price. Is there anything else that could be acceptable?
What about an expensive Indian restaurant, then?|No indian makes me get the runs. How about pizza?
That's more information than I needed to know. I'm sure your supervisors wouldn't approve. I was looking for expensive indian food, please.|Well, don't say I didn't warn you. We have 14 expensive Indian places in Cambridge, what side of town are you looking for?
On the west side please|there are 5 places in the west. if you want a suggestion, my friends always go to tandoori palace.
do they serve austrian food?|No, there are no places that serve Austrian food, anywhere.
How about an expensive indian restaurant in the west?|There are a few available but I suggest the Rice Boat. Would you like for me to book a table?
No, can you just give me the address, please?|The rice boat is located at 37 Newnham Road Newnham.
Thank you.  That was all I needed today.  Goodbye.|You are welcome. Thank you for using Cambridge TownInfo centre to plan your visit. Goodbye.
i am looking for a place to stay. The hotel should be in the type of guesthouse and should include free parking.|There are 21 guesthouses offering free parking. Do you have a price range?
No, just have to be in the east.|I suggest the guesthouse, Allenbell. Their address is 517a Coldham Lane cb13js. Would you like me to make a reservation?
Yes, I need a reservation for 2 people for 4 nights please.|I'll be happy to do that for you, what day will you plan on arriving for your stay?
I need the room starting on friday, please.|I was able to book you. Your references number is HIASSAH9.
Awesome. Thank you. Can you please find an architectural attraction for me in the centre of town?|Sure I have many. Should i suggest one for you?
Yes. Please make a suggestion.|How about all saints church located on jesus lane? There is no entrance fee, and the postcode is cb58bs.
Sounds great.  Can you book a taxi to the church for me?  I want to leave the hotel by 5:45.|That has been booked. Be expecting a white Toyota. Should you need to reach them, please call 07017250356.
That would be it and thanks a lot|You have a great day.
I am looking for information on a train that goes to Cambridge and arrives at 9:45|There are a few that arrive at cambridge by 09:45 what day are you arriving and where are you departing from?
I'm departing from London Liverpool Street and I want to leave on Tuesday.|Okay great! I have one train that would get you to Cambridge on Tuesday by 09:07. Would you like me to book that for you?
No I just need to know the departure time please.|The departure time is 07:39 for that train. Can I help you with anything else?
Yes, can you tell me some good places to go while I'm in town?|There are lots of nice attractions in town. Do you have a preference for type or area?
I think we'd like to see a museum - do you have any recommendations?|There are 23 museums all around the city. If you don't have any area preferences, Cafe Jello Gallery on the west side is very nice, and they have no entrance fee.
That sounds perfect. What is there address?|Cafe Jello Gallery, 13 Magdalene Street, and there is no entrance fee. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Do you have their phone number?|Their phone number is 01223312112. Is there anything else I can help with?
No that will be all. Thanks.|Thank you and have a good day!
I am looking for Kings Hedges Learner Pool. Can you help me with that?|Yes I can. Would you like the phone number or address?
Yes, please. I need the area and phone number.|Absolutely! It's located in the north and the phone number is 01223353248. Can I help with anything else?
I also need to find a train out of here for Saturday.|What time will you be departing?
I will be departing after 09:45 and going to peterborough.|ok, TR9803 leaves at 10:06. do you need a ticket?
Could you tell me the travel and arrival time of this train?|Sure, it leaves Cambridge at 10:06 and gets to Peterborough by 10:56.  50 Minutes total.
Okay, thank you so much for your help.|Would you like me to book the tickets for you today?
NO thank you. That's all I needed.|If you need anything else don't hesitate to contact our help desk again!
I'm looking for an attraction to go in the centre. Can you help?|Yes, we have many attractions in the centre of town.  What type of attraction are you interested in?
I don't have a preference on type of attraction.|There are 44 attractions in the centre. Would you like to go to visit a church?
That sounds like a good idea. Could you please give me the phone number and postcode of one you would suggest? Also the attraction's entrance fee.|How about Holy Trinity Church? Their postcode is cb23nz and the telephone number is 01223355397.
Is there and entrance fee?|There is no entrance fee for the Holy Trinity Church.  Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Yes, I am also looking for a Train leaving some time after 9:15 from Bishops Stortford.|What day will you be traveling?
I will be leaving on thursday.|great, and what is your destination?
My destination is Cambridge.|There are 8 trains that meet your criteria. They run every two hours starting at 09:29. What time would you like to arrive in Cambridge?
I want to leave sometime after 9:15 from bishops stortford thursday to cambridge, whats the arrival time to the closest train and the ID please|The earliest train available is TR0798. The arrival time would be 10:07.
Brilliant. Thanks for your help today.|Is that everything you needed today?
Yes that is all. You were great. Thanks again.|Please use our service again. Goodbye.
I'm looking for info on a restaurant called La Tasca.|La Tasca is a moderately-priced spanish restaurant in the city center.  It is located at 14-16 Bridge Street.  The phone number is 01223464630.  Do you want reservations?
What is the price range?|The price range for La Tasca restaurant is in a moderate range.
And what's the post code that goes with that address?|The postcode is cb21uf. Anything else can I do for you?
Yeah, I need information about colleges in town. Can you help me with that?|There are 18 colleges in town.  Is there a certain area you would like to visit?
I will take the address, phone number and fee for the one you recommend|I would recommend Trinity College. They are in the centre of town. Their entrance fee is 1 pound. You can find them on Trinity Street. Their phone is 01223338400.
That's really helpful. Thanks. I think thats all I needed. Have a nice day. Bye.|Have a good day, goodbye.
What attractions are in the town centre?|In the centre of town I have a total of 79 different attractions, would you like to narrow your search by entrance fee or zip code?
What different attraction types are there in the centre?|There are museums, colleges, architectural buildings, parks, nightclubs, etc.  Does any of that sound interesting?
What museum would you recommend?|I recommend the Broughton House Gallery at 98 King Street. It's free to enter and a great museum.
Thanks so much, that's very helpful. Could I get the postcode as well, please?|The postcode for the Broughton House Gallery is cb11ln.
Thanks so much.  I am all set. Good bye.|You are welcome. Have a good time!
I would like to find a European in the moderate price range.|We have 5 European restaurants. In what area of town would you like to dine?
I don't mind but I would like the place to be moderately priced.|Ok, I am going to recommend the galleria restaurant in the centre, would you like me to reserve a table for you?
Thank you. Can you give me the phone number and postal code too?|The postcode is cb21uw and the phone number is 01223362054.  Would you like me to book a table for you?
No, thanks. I do need some information on vue cinema, please.|It is located in centre and on the grafton centre, east road
Can i have their phone number please?|08712240240. Do you need anything else?
Can I have a taxi, please? I want to leave vue cinema at 14:45.|Okay and what is your destination?
We will go from the vue cinema to the galleria restaurant. We will leave vue cinema at 14:45. Please provide the contact number and car type after you book, please.|grey skoda is the car and the contact number is: 07851810998. May I help you with something else ?
No, that's all I needed today. Thanks for your help!|You're very welcome! Have a wonderful trip!
I would to visit a college in the west.|sure, i have 5 options for you
choose for me one that is good and get me the entrance fee and address.|I recommend Clare Hall. It's free to get in. The address is Herschel Road. Would you like any more information on it?
i also need a place to dine|What sort of cuisine are you in the mood for?
Indian food, in the same area as Clare Hall.|what price range do you want?
I would like it to be in the expensive price range.|We have quite a few indian restaurants in the centre may I book one for you?
Yes. Tuesday, 13:00, for 5 people.|Okay, you're all set.  I have Curry Garden booked for Tuesday, for 5 people, at 13:00.  Your reference number is: HW1ZTXBE.  Is there anything else I can do?
That is all I need. Cheers.|have a good dinner!
I am looking for places to go in the east.|Anything specific? There are museums, entertainment, boats, a park, multiple sports, a pool. Any of this interest you?
Nothing in particular, we just need it to be on the East side.|How about Cambridge Artworks, it has no entrance fee.Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
looking for a place to stay. The hotel should be in the type of guesthouse and should include free parking|Do you have an area of town or price range in mind?
Not really. Could you recommend something?|archway house is located in the north at 52 gilbert road. can i book that for you?
No, thank you, not at this time.|Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
Yes for 3 people for 5 nights from Wednesday.|Booking was successful.
Reference number is : NT9VPI1K.
Great thank you. That is all I needed.|Have a nice day then!
I would like to visit an attraction in the west area of town?|Sure, I can help with that.  What kind of attraction were you intersted in?
I am looking for places to go in town in the west and I need the postcode, entrance fee and phone number.|Queens' college costs 2.50 pounds. Their phone number and postcode are 01223335511 and cb39et0. Do you need anything else?
Yes please. I also need a restaurant for a nice, expensive meal. Near the college, at least in the same area.|We have several available.  What type of food are you interested in?
I have heard a lot about molecular gastronomy food and want to try it, any places like that around?|no we dont have such a place around. can i suggest a good place?
If there is no such restaurant, how about one that serves european food|Unfortunatley, I couldn't find european food.
just give me your best picks|How about a French restaurant?
Yes, please also make a reservation for 8 people.|sure, what day a time do you want your reservation?
Monday at 11:45 please.|I have Restaurant two two in the north of town and Cote in the centre. Which would you prefer?
Sorry, did you not understand me earlier? I said the restaurant needs to be in the same area as the attraction. Neither of those are in the west.|cambridge lodge restaurant will suit your needs and is located in the west. I'm sorry about before, there must have been something wrong with my computer. Can I book it?
Please. To reiterate - I need a table for 8 on Monday at 11:45.|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Reference number is : 5KFVOKBO.
Thank you - and sorry for any confusion. I appreciate your patience. Goodbye.|No worries, goodbye.
I want a train leaving from cambridge.|Okay. I have 566 trains leaving Cambridge. Can we narrow it down a little?
I need it to leave after 12:15 on Saturday.|We have over 100 results. Where is your destination?
My destination is leicester.|I would recommend TR2129 which leaves Cambridge at 12:21 and arrives in Leicester at 14:06.
Awesome, book me one ticket please|Your reference number is V34K85R7. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I also need to find an attraction while I'm there.|Certainly, there are many great attractions here. Do you have a preference for the type or location?
It should be in the centre of town. What type of attractions are available?|In the centre there is architecture, boats, cinemas, colleges, museums, nightclubs, theatres, parks, and pools.
You choose. Can you tell me the attraction type and phone number?|How about Club Salsa? It's a nightclub and their phone number is 07782218745.
Ok, sounds like a blast, thank you!|Anything else you need today?
No. That was all. Thanks. Bye.|thanks for using our services and have a good day
Hello, can you recommend attractions in the Centre of town, please?|Absolutely! My favorite place in the center of town is Cambridge University Botanic Gardens. It's beautiful there!
That sounds great, thank you very much! What type of attraction is that?|it is a park. can i give you their phone numbers?
No thanks. Can you find a guesthouse with free parking for me?|There are 21 guesthouses. Do you have a preference in price range or area of town?
No, but I definitely need free wifi.|That narrows it down to 21 options. Would you like a particular star rating?
Not really. It's fine.|Well, if you'll be visiting the centre, I recommend the El Shaddai. It's moderately priced with wi-fi and parking. Would you like me to make a booking for you?
Yes, I will need it for 5 nights. 2 people and starting Monday.|The booking was successful. 8QCQDYFQ is your reference number for that booking. Is there anything else that I can do for you?
I will need a taxi as well|Certainly, I can help you with that. What time would you like to leave or arrive by?
I would like to leave the park by 11:00.|Your taxi will be a yellow Volvo waiting at 11:00.The contact number for the taxi is 07072119452. May I help you with something else?
Great that's all the info I needed today, thanks!|I'm glad I could help you.
Me too.  Have a nice day.|Enjoy your day, goodbye.
I'm coming in front out of town next week and am looking for some things to do.  Are there any historical colleges or universities to visit?|We have all sorts of lovely colleges to visit, did you have a part of town you would prefer?
No, I don't have a particular preference. Kindly recommend one of those lovely colleges to me please|I would try clare hall located at herschel road postcode cb39al. The entrance fee is free.
Great! What is the phone number. Also I need a train departing cambridge going to london liverpool street. I'd like to leave around 12:15.|The phone number is 01223333200. What day would you like the train for?
I need it on Friday please|The first train leaving from cambridge to london liverpool street departs friday at 13:59 and arrives at 15:27.  Will that work for you?
is there no one that leaves earlier?|Do you want to leave  before or after 12:15? There are earlier trains if you want to leave before 12:15.
I can leave earlier, just not before 08:00|there is a train that leaves at 9:59 and arrives at 11:27. would that work for you?
Yes that is great. Could you give me the price per ticket?|The ticket price is 16.60 pounds. Would you like me to book that for you?
No thanks. That's all I need. Thanks for everything! Bye!|Thank you for contacting us and have a nice day.
I am looking for places to go in Cambridge. Are there any nightclubs?|There are 6 nightclubs in Cambridge. Is there a specific part of town you prefer?
I do not have a preference. Can you give me the phone number and postcode for one?|Club Salsa phone number is 07782218745 and the postcode is cb12jb, is there anything else I can assist you with?
Yes I am looking for a restaurant called the Ugly Duckling.|The ugly duckling is located in the centre of town. It serves chinese food. Would you like to book a reservation?
I would like to book a table for 5 people at 19:30 on tuesday please.|tuesday at 19:30 is not available, would you like another time or another day?
Can you try to book the restaurant for 18:30 instead please? And can you provide a reference number as well.|I have booked a table for you for a party of 5 at 18:30 on Tuesday at the Ugly Duckling restaurant. Is there anything else I can help with?
Can you provide me with the reference number for my reservation please? Thanks.|Oh yes. Absolutely. Your reservation reference number is 7ZPRZE74. Can I be of help with anything else?
No, that is all. Thank you!|You're welcome. Have a nice day.
I'm looking for train that go to Cambridge that leaves on Tuesday.|Sure. Where are you departing from?
I'm leaving from Norwich and would like to leave after 12:15, please.|There are twelve possible trains leaving after 12:15. Should I book you on one of them?
I am sorry. I need the train to leave after 21:15 from Norwich. Are there any available?|TR7935 leaves at 21:16 and arrives by 22:35. Is that okay?
That sounds good, I will need 2 tickets please and a reference number.|You are booked for two tickets, Reference number is : RJOUA7E1.
I am also looking for places to go in town.|Cambridge has over 70 delightful attractions, what type appeals to you most?
I think I would like a nightclub in the centre of town please.|There are 5 different nightclubs in that area. Might I suggest Ballare. Would you like more info?
I need the address, entrance fee, and phone number.|The address of Ballare is heidelberg gardens, lion yard. The phone number is 01223364222. The entrance fee is 5 pounds.
That was everything I needed. Thank you very much for helping me.|You are welcome, goodbye.
i need information about attractions in the centre.|Certainly, are you looking for a museum, theater, college, nightclub or something architectural?
A nightclub would be nice|There are 5 nightclubs in the centre, Kambar comes highly recommended. Would you like more information?
Sure, can I get the phone number and postcode?  Also, I'm looking for a restaurant in the same area.  I'd prefer british food.  Can you please help?|The phone number is 01223842725 and the postcode is cb23qb. There are 7 british restaurants in the centre. Do you have a pricerange?
Thank you! The price range that I would like is expensive.|There are three choices for that price range, Fitzbillies Restaurant, The Cambridge Chop House and Midsummer House Restaurant.  Can I book one for you?
Yes please book one of your recommendation for Tuesday at 18:00 for 7 people.|Okay, I have successfully booked you at Fitzbillies restaurant. Your reference number is 740QI7VI.
Thank you goodbye|Thanks for letting us assist you!
I am staying in west cambridge.  Are there any parks out there to take my kids to?|There are no parks on the west side of town. Do you want me to search for a park in a different part of town?
No, can you look for a museum instead?|There are 7 different parks on the west side. I would recommend a free park called Kettle's Yard. Would you like more information on it or any other park?
Are there any museums on the west side of town? I will need the entrance fee, phone number, and postcode.|There are 7 different museums in the west area. All are free addmission except one. Would you like me to make a suggestion?
Yes, please pick one for me, and let me know the entrance fee, phone number and postcode.|I would recommend People's Portraits Exhibition at Girton College. They offer free entrance. Their postcode is cb3ojg. Their phone number is 01223338901.
Can you book it for me?|I'm sorry, we don't do bookings for attractions.
How about a train? I need to go from Stansted Airport to Cambridge on Saturday and arrive there by 08:45. I need departure time, train ID, and price. Thanks!|how about TR4194? it arrives at 05:52
Sounds great. I don't need to book it, but I would like the price.|The ticket price is 8.08 pounds. The departure time is 05:24. May I help you with something else?
No that is all the information I need today.|Your welcome. Have a great day.
That is all. Have a great day.|thank you and have a great day
say hi to your family.|I will thank you.  Goodbye.
I'm looking for a restaurant called the gandhi.|The gandhi is location in the centre and is cheaply priced.  The address is 72 Regent Street City centre. Would you like any other information?
Can you book it for 8 people on Sunday at 14:45?|The booking was successful for sunday. The reference number is LPVGJVZ0. May I assist you with anything else today?
I would also like to find somewhere fun in the middle of town to go.|There are over 40 attractions in city centre - lots to choose from. Do you have a type of attraction in mind?
Sorry, I actually wanted somewhere in the west|Whale of a time is a fun-filled, entertainment-type of attraction in the west. Do you want more information?
Sure, please provide me with the postcode and address|The address is unit 8, viking way, bar hill and the post code is cb238el.
Thank you for your help, that is all I need today.|Great, thanks for using Cambridge TownInfo centre. Have a wonderful day!
I need to catch a train this tuesday after 17:00 please.|I can help with that! What is your departure site and destination please?
I will be travelling from Cambridge to Ely.|What time would you like to arrive by?
Arrival time isn't important as long as I'm on my way sometime after 17:00 on Tuesday.|i will recommend  TR3842. can we book for you?
what time does it leave?|That train leaves at 23:50
No but I need information on colleges in town.|Our colleges are located either in Centre or the West area of town. In which area would you like to concentrate? Or do you have a specific college already in mind?
no, just find me a college anywhere in town please and I'll need their phone number and post code when you find it please.|corpus christi	01223338000 and the postcode is	cb21rh
That's all I need today.|Please contact us anytime. Thank you.
I would like to find an expensive Indian restaurant in Cambridge.|There are many in Cambridge. Is there a certain area of town you prefer?
We are going to be on the westside, anything close by there?|Yes, there are 5. I think you'd really like tandoori place. Want more info?
Yes, can you see if you can make a reservation for me for 15:45 on Tuesday for 4 people?|Will you be needing a reference number?
Yes, please. And I could also use some help finding something fun to do in the west as well.|Your table has been reserved.  The reference # is G0843WFO.  There are many fun things to do in town.  What kind of things interest you?  ...museums, colleges?
Tell me more about the museum.|Cambridge book and print gallery is a wonderful place and there is no entrance fee. Will there be anything else today?
cambridge book abd print gallery sounds wonderful. Can I please have their address and phone number?|Their address is 49 newnham road	and they are located at 01223694264
Grat, cant wait to get there, ...wow.  I am actually all set now, that went much faster than expected.   Thanks for your efficiency.|Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Oh gosh, I'm so sorry. I must have forgotten that I need the postcode for the museum. Can I get that please?|its no problem. the post code is cb39ey
Thank you so much. That is all I need today.|thank you that will be all for now
I am looking for a train leaving Peterborough on Thursday.  Can you help me?|many trains leave, what time do want to leave?
I need to depart after 20:00, and will be travelling to Cambridge.|Okay how about the TR8185 that leaves at 20:19 and arrives by 21:09.
Okay, that will do. What is the travel time?|The travel time for that route is 50 minutes. Did you need a ticket?
Yes, I also need places to go in college.|There are many colleges to visit in Cambridge. May I suggest one?
Yes, I would like that.|pembroke college is in the centre located at trumpington street with a free entrance fee.
That sounds perfect, may I have the postcode please?|Absolutely! The postcode is cb21rf. Is there anything else I can help you with?
That's it. Thanks for everything.|You are welcome.  Enjoy your time in Cambridge.  Good bye.
I'm interested in getting some entertainment later.|There are some entertainments available do you want the information?
Awesome.  Can you give me some information on local theatres?|There are 5 theatres one in the south and 4 in the centre. Is there an area you prefer?
Can you give me the address, phone number, and entrance fee info for the one in the south? I also need a restaurant that is moderately priced in the centre.|The theatre is called, The Junction. It is located at Clifton Way, cb17gx. The phone number is 01223511511. I'm not sure if there is an entrance fee or not.
Thank you.  Can you help me find a moderately-priced Latin American restaurant in the centre?|I was unable to find any in that area, do you have any other place you'd like to try?
Actually, let's try another kind of food. How about spanish?|We have La Tasca, at 14 - 16 Bridge Street. Would you like a reservation?
No but I would like the phone number.|The phone number is 01223464630. Is there anything else I can help you with?
That is all, thanks.|You're very welcome! Have a great day!
I am planning a trip to Cambridge on a train. I want to leave form bishops stortford...can you help me with that?|Of course, there are many trains on that route. What day would you like to travel, and is there a time you would like to arrive by?
I would like to travel on Saturday, arriving at 8:00.|I only have one train that will meet your needs. Train TR6163 will depart at 05:29 and arrive by 06:07. Would you like me to book you a ticket?
No need to book it for me. I can do that. But can you tell me the travel time in minutes?|36 MINUTES
I am also looking for a attraction called queens' college, can you get me information on that?|Sure the phone number is 01223335511. It is on silver street and the entrance fee is 2.50 pounds.
Great. And what is the postcode? And attraction type?|The postcode is cb39et and it is a college. Is there anything else I could help you with?
That is all I need today, thank you.|You're welcome. I hope you have a great day! Goodbye.
Are there any British restaurants in the center of town?|There are 7 restaurants in the center of town that serve British cuisine. Would you prefer one with an expensive, moderate, or cheap price range?
Is there such thing as cheap British cuisine? Where is that?|There is no cheap British food in the centre. Would you prefer a moderately priced one?
Perhaps. I'm also looking for a place to go .. maybe a park in the centre?|We have cambridge university botanic gardens. Could you like more information on them?
Yes please, can I have the address?|Of course. The address listed is bateman street.
Are there any moderately priced restaurants near the botanic gardens?|There are 4 moderately priced British restaurants in the same area as the botanic gardens.
I'm sorry - I'd really like the name of a British restaurant in city center, I don't mind what price but please do tell me what the price is.|OK, how about Restaurant One Seven? It serves British cuisine in city centre. It's moderately priced.
Sounds great. i don't need a reservation but can I get a taxi from Restaurant One Seven to the gardens?|Sure, I'll need to know a time frame for arrival or departure though.
I would like to leave the restaurant by 14:45.|Alright, I have your taxi booked to pick you up at Restaurant One Seven at 14:45 to go to the Cambridge University Botanical Gardens.
Can I get a contact number for that taxi?|Sure thing, it will be a black audi and contact number 07098094342. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Do you have any museums there?|We have several?  A particular area you are looking for?
I'm not quite sure yet. What are the entrance fees for the museums?|Most are free, but the Cambridge Museum of Technology is 5 pounds and the Cambridge and County Folk Museum is 3.50 pounds.
Can you find me a train that goes to the Cambridge Museum on Wednesday from Cambridge?|I'm sorry, I don't think the train goes within the city. Could I book you a taxi, instead?
actually, i need a train from cambridge to ely.|There multiple trains departing from Cambridge to Ely. What day and time of departure did you have in mind?
i want to leave after 8:15 on wednesday|There is a train leaving Cambridge at 9:50 arriving in Ely at 10:07. Would that work for you? Would you like me to make a reservation?
Yes that would work. Please book the reservation. Could I please get the reference number?|i just want to confirm if i am booking one ticket
No I need to book seven tickets.|Perfect, the train is booked for 7 people. The total is 30.8 GBP and the reference number is H4BYPL6F. Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
Thank you. Have an amazing day. Goodbye!|Have a great day as well. Good bye.
I need a place to grab a bite to eat today in Cambridge.|kindly specify what bite you want
I would like a "chinese bite".|There are many Chinese restaurants in Cambridge. Do you have a price preference or an area of town that suits you?
Yes, I am looking for expensive Chinese food in the South.|I have found two great restaurants that meet your needs. They are the good luck chinese food takeaway and the peking restaurant.
Can you book me a table at The Peking Restaurant for 4 people at 11:30 on Friday.|I have booked your table and it will be reserved for 15 minutes.  Your reference number is N3JR257P.  Is there anything else I can help with today?
I'm also interested in visiting Sidney Sussex college.|okay. their address is sidney street. their phone number is 01223338800 and the admission is free. is there anythinng else i could help you with?
No, that is all I needed to know.  Thank you.|No thank you that will be all
Can I catch a train to Stevenage?|Yes, TR2515 departs on friday at 05:21 to stevenage, would you like me to book it?
Yes please when is the arrival time?|TR2515 arrives in Stevenage at 06:10, bright and early!
What's the total travel time for the TR2515 ?|The total travel time is 49 minutes.
Okay, thank you for the information!|Is there anything else I can help you with today?
I am looking for a park in the south. Any available that you could give me the postcode, entrance fee's if any and the address please?|There are two parks that fit your description. Both are free. May I recommend Wandlebury country park located wandlebury ring, gog magog hills, babraham? Postalcode is cb223ae.
Perfect, you've answered all my questions. Thank you!|Your welcome, enjoy your time in Cambridge.
I will. Thanks!|good day to you
does cambridge museum of technology still open?|Yes, it does.
What's the entrance fee, phone number, and postcode for that museum?|The entrance fee is 5 pounds. Phone number is 01223368650. And the postcode is cb58ld.
I'm looking for a place to stay in the centre. I also need free wifi there.|We have two guesthouses and three hotels in town centre. Do you have a pricerange in mind?
I'd like an expensive hotel please.|There are two expensive hotels in the area of Centre.  The Gonville has a 3 star rating and the University Arms has 4.  Do you have a preference?
Yes the university arms would you be able to book that?|Yes certainly. How many nights will you be needing and when will you be arriving and how many people will be staying?
6 people, five nights, starting on Thursday, please.|Would you like me to book the room now?
Yes please book that.|OK, you're all set. 6 people for 5 nights at University Arms. Arriving on Thursday. Your Reference number is : TXXXCWJD. Is there anything else I can do today?
That's perfect. Thank you so much.|Do you need to arrange transportation to town, or between any venues? If not, it was my pleasure to help you and have a great day!
I'm sorry, I made a mistake!  I need for it to start on Tuesday not Thursday!!!!  Can you fix that for me???|No problem! I switched that reservation to Tuesday instead of Thursday for you and your new reference number is M7VCVOT6. Can I help with anything else?
No, thank you. I think that's it.|Okay, have a great day! Bye now!
I need a train going into Cambridge, arriving by 17:45.|Where are you departing from and what day are you travelling on?
I am leaving from Bishops Stortford on Sunday.|And what time would you like to leave?
I would prefer to leave at 15:00.|The TR4651 train leaves Bishops Stortford at 15:29. Would you like me to book you a seat on it?
Does it arrive in Cambridge by 17:45.  That is the most important thing.|Yes, it does.
What is the price for the train ticket?|The price is 8.08 pounds.
Thank you. I also need to find a place to go in the centre of town. The type of attraction should be entertainment.|There are no entertainment areas in the centre, any other preferences?
Can you make a suggestion?|How about the Funky Fun House or Cherry Hinton Hall and Grounds in the east?
Are there any boat attractions?|I have the cmbridge punter boat located in the centre.
That sounds great. Can I get the phone number, address, and entrance fee?|Unfortunately, I don't have information on the entrance fee, but you can call them at 07807718591 to find out. The post code is cb41as
Okay thank you for your help.|Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
Have a nice day.|Thank you for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Cheers!
Good Afternoon.  I am planning a trip and need some help with places I can go when I get there.|Sure! We have all types of attractions. Do you have anything in mind?
Not really.  I would like to stay toward the centre of town though.|I have several attraction in the Centre of town.  Could you provide a preference of type so I can narrow it down?
I would love to check out some modern art museums please|I would suggest castle galleries.
That sounds great! Can I have the address, phone number, and what's the entrance fee?|Its actually free to the public. The address is unit su43, grande arcade, saint andrews street and their phone number is 01223307402. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I would also like to find a 3 star room.|There are six options that fit your criteria. Is there a particular part of town you would prefer to stay in?
It doesn't matter, but I prefer a guesthouse over a hotel.|There are a number of guest houses available, the alpha-milton guesthouse is in the north area of town, shall i book it for you?
I just need to know the price range please. And confirm that it has free parking?|The Alpha-Milton Guest House is moderately priced, but it does not have free parking. Would you like to make a reservation?
I actually just want a taxi. I want to depart the hotel by 11:45 and go to the attraction. Please give me car type and contact info too|I have booked a blue volkswagen and the contact number is 07131268482.
Thank you so much!|Thank you and enjoy your stay with us in this lovely city!
I'd like to book a train ticket, please.|Where are your departure and destination sites?
I'm looking for a train that is leaving on Friday after 21:45.|There are 46 trains operating on Friday at that time. Can I get your destination to narrow down the results?
Yes. I would like to go to Leicester. What trains are available?|I have two trains going from cambridge to leicester. One leaving at 22:21 and one leaving at 23:21. Would you like to book one of these?
I will go with the earlier departure, and I would like 2 seats please. I will also need a reference number.|You're all set for your 22:21 train reference number 1F6TADIT
Great, I also need a place to go in the east part of town.|Are you looking for a particular type of attraction on the east end of town? Perhaps a museum?
Sure,a  museum sounds good, what do you have that's free?|Cambridge artworks, gallery at twelve a high street, saint barnabas press gallery and cherry hinton water play are all free.
Hmm, I guess the St Barnabas thing sound interesting. Is it expensive, though?|It is free
Great thank you that's all the help I need today.|Wonderful! I hope you have a wonderful rest of the day.
I need a train. The train should depart from cambridge and should go to bishops stortford.|There are 70 trains leaving cambridge and going to bishops stortford.  Do you have a specific day you wish to travel on?
I'd like to leave on Wednesday, please.|TR4404 leaves at 05:29
That will do. Can you book it for me?|But of course, how many tickets?
Before I book, I'd also like to know about boat attractions in the centre area.|There are two options. Scudamores punting co and the cambridge punter. Would you like more information on either attraction?
Can I get the phone number and address for Cambridge Punter?|Yes. The Cambridge Punter is at 251a chesterton road, and their phone number is 07807718591. Is there anything else you'd like to know? Or anything else I can help you with?
That is all. Thanks for your help. Good bye.|You're welcome.  When you decide you are ready to book that train, do give us a call back with the number of tickets needed.  Bye for now.
I am in the centre of town and am looking for a restaurant.  Ideally it would be in the expensive price range.|We have many different types of restaurants that fit that description including Chinese, British and other styles. Any preferences?
Chinese food is okay are there any tables available for 7 people on Sunday at 17:45?|Perfect, I was able to book you a table at the Ugly Duckling, your reference number is IEFD0UBX.  Is there anything else that I can help you with?
I am also looking for a place to go.  I would like to go to a college in the same area of town as the restaurant.|Perfect!  Christ's College is located in the centre of town on Saint Andrew's Street and there is no entrance fee.  Their phone is 01223334900.
Thank you.  That was all I needed.|Great. Please let us know if you need anything else. Have a nice day!
I will be going to Cambridge to do the tourist thing and would like a hotel in the moderate price range.|We have many moderately-priced places to stay! Are you interested in staying in a particular area?
No, but I definitely want a four star hotel.|we have a variety. if we can narrow down by need of internet and parking
Actually are any of them 4 stars?|Yes, 11 of them are 4-star hotels. Do you need one with internet and/or parking?
i'd like free parking.|I would recommend the kirkwood house, located on the north side of town at 172 chesterton road. Would you be interested in booking a room?
Not yet, but I would like the postcode.|The postcode for the Kirkwood House is cb41da. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I am also looking for places to go in town, preferably in the centre.|The center offers architecture, colleges, boats, cinema, concert halls, museums, nightclubs, parks and theatres. What appeals to you?
How about a concert hall?|The Man on the Moon is the only concert hall in the area of centre.  I have no info on their entrance fee but their phone is 01223447144.
Thank you. Can I also get the address and postcode?|the address is 2 norfolk street and the postcode is cb12lf. any other information you'd like to have?
Thank you for your help. That's all for today.|Have a wonderful time.
Thank you, take care!|Enjoy your stay!
I need some place fun to go on the west side.  Any suggestions?|There are a number of attractions on the west side.  Are you interested in colleges, entertainment or museums?
I don't really have a preference, so which one do you think is best?|I think you would enjoy whale of a time located in the west of town.
What kind of place is it?|Whale of a Time is an entertainment venue. Would you like more imformation?
Can I get their phone number and entrance fee please?|Their phone number is 01954781018 and I do not have information on the entrance fee. Do you need anything else?
Yes. I also need info on a place to stay in the same area|There are 4 places to stay in the west. All have internet and parking. Would you prefer a hotel or guesthouse?
I would like to stay in a guesthouse, please.|Finches bed and breakfast is avaialble would you like to book that?
I need a 3 star please.|There is the hobsons house. Would you like me to book it?
Yes please book it monday, 3 nights, 5 people. I'll need the reference number as well.|Booking was successful.
Reference number is : LBHPKTZH.
I also need a taxi.|Will you be commuting between Whale of a Time and Hobsons House?
I need to go from the hobson house to whale of a time. I need to leave the hotel at 23:30.|Booking is completed. A white volvo will pick you up, their contact number is 0737942623. Do you need any further assistance today?
That is everything! Thanks!|Thank you for calling!
I'm looking for an attraction called cambridge book and print gallery.|The Cambridge book and print gallery is in the west, it is located at 49 newnham road. The best part is the addmission is free
Can I have the phone number please?|Yes, the phone number is 01223694264. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, I need a moderately priced restaurant in the centre area.|Would you prefer British, Indian or Italian?
British cuisine would be great.|Saint John's chop house is a moderately priced British restaurant in the west part of town. Would you like me to book a table for you?
No thank you but I do need to get their phone number please.|The phone number is 01223353110. Can I help you with anything else today?
That was all I needed today, thank you.|You're welcome have a great day!
I'm looking for a moderately priced hotel.|I have eighteen entries that match that. Please specify whether or not parking and free WiFi are of importance to you
It doesn't need to include internet. Does that narrow down the options?|I'd like to suggest alpha-milton guest house. Is there anything else I could help you with?
Cool. Can you help me to book a room there for 4 people and 3 nights starting from saturday?|You're all set. The book was successful and the reference number is 20MS14XW.
I'm also looking for a cinema in the west.|Sorry, I cannot find any cinema in the west.
Do you see any museum instead? Can I have the address?|Yep there are plenty of it. I would recommend the cambridge and county folk museum, which is located at 2-3 castle street.
That sounds great. Can I also have a taxi leaving at 11:45 from the museum to the hotel?|Please look for the white tesla. Its contact number is 07418410137. Is there anything else I can do for you?
No that's all i need. Thank you very much!|You're welcome. Have a nice trip.
I am going to cambridge for a one week holiday.  I need to take a train from Leicester on Sunday.|I have several trains to bring you to Cambridge, the first one leaving Leicester at 5:09. Would that work for you?
Is there a train leaving after 15:30 on Sunday?|no but we have one leaving at 16.09
That'll do. I need 8 tickets.|Okay. Your booking was successful. Your total fee is 241.92 GBP which can be paid at the station. The reference number is KZ0FFG5R.
Thanks! i'm also looking for something to do in town, in the south.|What kind of attraction are you interested in ?
A college please.|There are no colleges in the south to visit. How about a museum instead? Byard Art is fantastic! Would you like some more information on it?
Wow, thanks. I might check them out later but the people I'm with think we should have a picnic in the park. Are there any in the south?|Yes, there are two. Sheep's Green and Lammas Land Park and Wandlebury Country Park. Do you have a preference?
Lammas Land Park sounds like fun. Can you give me the post code, phone number and entrance fee please?|Sure the post code is cb22ad,phone number 01223302580,and the entrance fee is free.
Thanks a lot for the service.|Is there anything else I may help you with?
That's all, thank you so much!|Thank you, enjoy the rest of your day.
i'm looking for a college to visit|We have 18 great colleges to choose from.  Is there a certain area of town you would like?
In the centre please|I have 13 on the list, do you have any other preferences? Fees, no fees?
type of guesthouse and should be a star of 4|I would suggest this one acorn guest house.
does it have free wifi?|Yes, it does!  Shall I book you a room?
Yes please, for 5 people and 2 nights starting Sunday.|Your booking for 5 people at the acorn guest house this sunday for 3 days 2 nights was successful. Your Reference number is : FZ15JGCM.
Thank you, I will also need a taxi.|Sure thing! May I have the times you would need that taxi and also where you would like to be picked up for your ride to the lovely Acorn Guest House?
I would like to leave the hotel by 24:45|I'll need to know your destination please
Oh, first I still need to pick a college in the centre to visit. Can you choose one to recommend and give me their address?|Downing college has wide appeal and it's free. Your destination address will be Regent Street and the postcode is cb21dq.
That sounds perfect. I will need the taxi for going between the two places. As well as the car type and contact number.|Booking completed! A grey skoda, their contact number is 07497699159. Can I help with anything else?
That's all for now. Thank you for all your help.|Thank you and enjoy your time in our lovely city!
I would like to find places to go to in the centre of town.|Sure, what type of place are you interested in?
What would you recommend? I just need to stay in the centre and will need to call them later to ask some questions.|There are about 44 attraction in the center but if i may know what interests you i can recommend one to you.
Whatever is most popular, this is my first time to cambridge and I have no idea.|There is a great concert hall in the centre called Man on the Moon. It's one of the best for visitors. They are located at 2 Norfolk Street.
Thank you for the information.  Do you happen to have the postcode and phone number for the Man on the Moon?|Their postcode is cb12lf and their phone is 01223474144. Can I help you with anything else today?
I am also looking for a train from Cambridge to Peterborough on Wednesday. Can you help with that?|There are many options available. Would you like to narrow it down by departure time or arrival time?
I'd like to leave after 21:45, if possible. I won't need to book. I'll just need the arrival time, please?|Sure, the TR8574 leaves at 22:06 and arrives at 22:56.
thanks for serving me!|YEah, anytime. It was my pleasure.
thank you once again|I'm sorry about that, I forgot to hang up. Good bye.
I am looking for places to go in Cambridge. I am looking for an attraction that has sports and located in the Centre, can you help me find it?|It doesn't look like such a place exists. Would you like me to look outside of the city centre?
No I would like to go somewhere in the centre. Is there a theatre of any type?|There are 4 theatres in the center - adc theatre, cambridge arts theatre, mumford theatre, and the cambridge corn exchange. Would you like more information on any of those?
Yes, may I please have the address, postcode, and phone number for the ADC Theatre?|The ADC Theatre is in postcode cb58as and is located on Park Street. The phone number is 0122300085.
Great, thanks. I also need to book a train going to cambridge, and I will be departing from broxbourne.|What is your departure day and time?
I would like to leave on Thursday and arrive by 19:00.|Ok, there are 13 different options, if you give me a departure time, we can narrow it down from there.
I have no set departure time as long as my arrival time is before or at 19:00.|TR1828 will get you in at 18:32.  You leave at 17:32.  May I book that for you?
I don't need to book at the moment, thanks. All I need is the ticket price.|The price of TR1828 from Broxbourne to Cambridge is 17.90. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, that's all for today. Thank you!|Okay. Do not hesitate to call us back if you need anything else.
Alright. Goodbye.|Thank you for using our site and let us know if you need anything else in the future.
i'm looking for the cambridge arts theatre|Good choice! Here is their address and postcode. 6 saint edward's passage cb23pj. Anything else I can help with?
What is their phone number and what side of town are they on?|They are located in the centre of town and their number is 01223503333. What else can I help you with?
I'm also looking for a restaurant called royal spice.  Can you find it?|Royal Spice is an indian restaurant in the north. It is pretty cheap. It's located at Victoria Avenue Chesterton. Do you want a reservation?
book a table for 3 people at 15:30 on monday|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : YFFSHC02. Is there anything else you need?
No, that's all I need. Thank you.|Great I have a reference number for you. It is YFFSHC02.
Thank you!  That's all I needed for today!|You're welcome, have a great day!
Goodbye. Take care.|Thank you. You too.
I am interested in seeing some of the attractions in town, particularly in the south. Can you help me?|Sure! Museum? Nightclub? Movies? You name it!
I have no preference, but you can suggest a Museum for me.|There are no museums in the south. Would you like to try a different area or different attraction?
That's too bad.  Can you find me a restaurant in the expensive price range in the south instead?|I have about 5 places to choose from. I have 2 chinese places, an indian place, an italian place and lastly a place that serves delicious Mexican food.
I would like Indian food.|Very good choice.  The taj tandoori restaurant is located at 64 cherry hinton road cherry hinton.  Phone number is 01223412299 and post code is cb17aa.  Anything else?
I will like to book that for 5 people at 11:15 on Saturday.  I also really need that information on an attraction in the South.  Just something fun.|i have booked. Reference number is : 8JWW36ZA.anything else i can do for you?
I'm going to need a taxi to get between the two places.  Can you help with that?|To book you a taxi, i will need to know where will you be departing from.
I'll be going to the restaurant.|I would need to know which two places you need to get to with the taxi. You only made restaurant reservations. You mentioned an attraction but never completed.
That's because you never got back to me, you forgot first. I want to go somewhere in the south but I'm not familiar with the town, what do you recommend?|Byard art is a very popular museum with both tourists and locals in the south part of town. Would you like me to book the taxi from here?
Yes, please, and can I also get a contact number and what type of car will arrive?|Ok in order to book a taxi I need the travel time, departure location and arrival destination.
Book taxi to go to  taj tandoori restaurant.  I need to arrive by 11:15 on Saturday.|Where do you want to be picked up?
Ok I need to firm up a attraction to visit then that will be my pick up location.|Ok, what type of attraction are you looking for?
What do you recommend in the south?|I highly suggest a nightclub called The Place.
Ok great. I will need the phone number, address and postcode.|The phone number is 01223324600.
Great. Now I would like taxi from the attraction to the restaurant to arrive by 11:15.|A blue tesla will be picking you up at The Place and dropping you at Taj Tandoori at 11:15. The contact number is 	07648510373
Great, Thank you so much.  That is all I need.|Can you book it for me and get a reference number ?
I'm looking for information on the Vue Cinema please?|It is located at The Grafton Center East Road
Could you give me the phone number?|The phone number is 08712240240.
Can you also please find an expensive restaurant in the centre.|Is there a type of food you would like?
No any restaurant would be okay I just need the type of food they serve.|How about the midsummer house restaurant?  It is located at Midsummer common in the centre.
what type of food do they serve?|They serve British food.  Will that work for you?
Yes British food is fine,can you reserve a table ?|Sure, for how many people?
Sorry, you know what, I'll just walk in and demand they seat me. That also works out so well. That's all I need today, thanks!|thank you. enjoy your stay.
I am looking for a museum on the east side.|Yes, there are 4 museums available. Three of them are free.
Can I get the address to one?|Sure, the cambridge artworks is located at 5 greens road. Is there anything else you need?
Could you give me the postcode, too?|The postcode is cb13ef.  It is a great museum.
Thank you, can't wait to go! Can you help me with one more thing? I need to find a guesthouse for us in the north.|There are several, all are in the moderate price range.  Do you have any other preferences?
Not really. I won't be needing free parking.|Okay I recommend the Acorn Guest House. Would you like their information?
Please book for 8 people for 5 nights starting from saturday.|Acorn Guest House will be expecting the 8 of you to arrive on Saturday and stay for 5 nights. Your Reference number is : VXH2CWOR. Is there anything else?
Awsome! I also need a taxi to leave the hotel by 19:00.|Where will you be leaving from and what is the destination?
I'll need to go from the hotel to the museum. I'd like to leave by 19:00 please.|I have booked you a taxi. A yellow Tesla will arrive to pick you up by 19:00. The contact number is 07384178468. Can I help you with anything else?
Thank you. That is all I need.|You are welcome, enjoy your holiday in Cambridge.
I'm looking for a restaurant called Loch Fyne. Can you tell me a bit about it?|Yes. They're a restaurant in the city centre, known for their seafood. The prices can be quite steep, however. Would you like me to book you a table?
Yes for 8 people at 19:00 on tuesday|I've successfully reserved your table, and they'll hold it for 15 minutes for you. The reference number is LWEOGZJM. Can I help you with anything else right now?
Thank you for the booking. I am also interested in local artists. Are there any museums in the centre of town?|Yes there is the Cambridge Contemporary Art Museum in that part of town. Would you like more information about it?
Can I get their phone number to contact them please?|Sure. The phone number is 01223324222.
Great, do you have any other museums in that part of town as well?|Yes I have 10 other museums listed in my database for that area. Would you like more information regarding one in particular?
Can you please recommend one and provide the phone number|How about the broughton house gallery and its phone number is 01223314960.
Thank you for the information, that's all I need today.|You're welcome. Enjoy!
Can you tell me the address to a Chinese restaurant in Cambridge?|There are several Chinese restaurants in town. Which specific part of town are you interested in?
I am looking for one on the east side. However I need a indian restaurant not chinese.|Sorry about that. I have 4 Indian restaurants on the east side. Do you have a price range you'd like to stay within?
any price range is ok.  I am also looking for places to go in town. The attraction should be in the type of college|i do not have a place by your description. can we change location?
Let's actually find an Indian restaurant first.  What areas of town have indian places?|There are Indian restaurants in the centre, south, east, north, and west.  Do you have an area preference?
Preferably in the east. Would like the phone number. Also looking for colleges to visit and need to book a taxi for 1:15. I will need the number and car type.|I can help with all of those but first let's find a restaurant for you. Do you have a price range? There's 2 moderate and 2 expensive restaurants.
Price doesn't matter. What restaurant do you recommend?|Okay, how about curry prince? It is moderately priced and located in the east. Their phone number is 01223566388
Sounds good. Could you give me an idea of colleges I can visit whilst in Cambridge?|sure there's corpus christi, located in the centre and clare hall which is in the west.
Sure, let's do Corpus Christi. Could you get me a taxi from the restaurant to the college?|At what time would you like to leave the restaurant?
I want to leave the restaurant by 1:15.|Your booking is completed. A black skoda will be picking you up, their contact number is 07824442963.  Can I help with anything else today?
No thank you that is all.|If you need anything else, please call us back. Have a great trip to Cambridge! Goodbye.
Hi, I'm looking for a train from Cambridge that arrives by 17:45.|Where will you be going?
Going to london liverpool street from cambridge. I need to arrive by 17:45.|What do and time and do want to leave?
I would like to arrive by 17:45|TR5154 LEAVES AT 05: 59 SHOULD I BOOK IT FOR YOU?
How long is the trip on the TR5154?|Each train on that route makes the run in 88 minutes.
Excellent. I need to a nightclub in the centre as well.|Sure, there's club salsa in the centre, their phone number is 07782218745 and the entrance fee is 5 pounds.
Great. Thank you for your help!|Is there anything else I can help you with?
That is all I need.|Great! Should you need anything else, please let us know.
Please book me a train from Cambridge on Monday|Could you please provide me with your destination site and your departure time and arrival?
I am going to London Liverpool Street and need to leave Cambridge after 14:45.|There are 5 trains available leaving at 15:59, 17:59, 19:59, 21:59, and 23:59. They all take 88 minutes and cost 16.60 pounds.
Can you give me the arrival time of the 15:59?|Yes, the arrival time is 17:27.
Could you also provide me with a concerthall in the south?|Unfortunately there aren't any concerthalls in the south. Is there anything else you would like?
What about a nightclub?|'The Place' is a nightclub in the south, located  at 22 Sidney Street. The phone number is 01223324600. Would you like to book the 15:59 train?
Hello, can you show me any moderately-priced restaurants in the Centre of town, please?|Yes, there are over 20 of various types, do you have any type of food that you are craving?
I am looking for Thai food.|I'm sorry, there isn't a Thai restaurant there.  Any other ideas?
What about asian oriental?|Yippee Noodle Bar meets your criteria. Would you like to book a table?
Yes a table for four. Thank you|What time and day were you plan on eating at the Yippee Noodle Bar?
Actually, I don't need a reserved table after all. But, can I get their phone number please?|Sure, the number is 01223518111. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Yes, can you tell what parks are good in town?|I sure can.  There are five parks in town.  Would you prefer to visit one in a particular part of town or are you open on the location?
Whatever park you think is the best one.|I like sheep's green and lammas land park fen causeway, because I can pet all of the nice soft pretty animals.  Would you like to play with the animals too?
That sounds like it'll be fun to visit. What is the entrance fee, address, and phone number?|The free park is located at fen causeway, newnham road. The telephone number is 01223302580. May I help with anything else?
No.  All set. Thanks.|Have a great day.
i need  a place to stay|OK, I can definitely help you with that! Can you give me some specifics as to your requirements?
I want to stay in the North area of town.|What other requirements do you have?
A cheap place with 4 stars.|There is one place that meets your criteria. It is the Worth House which is a guesthouse in the North. Would you like to reserve a room?
book it for 2 people and 2 nights starting from friday.|You booking for Worth House was successful, your confirmation number is LYLN7Z6M.
Thanks! I'd also like to find something fun to do in the same area as the hotel. What's around there?|There are two swimming pools, a park, and a boat attraction on that side of town. Which of these sound good to you?
Tell me about the boat attraction.|well riverboat georgina is in the north
Sounds good. Is there an entrance fee?|Unfortunately, I do not have that information. But if you need to reach them, please call 01223902091.
what about the park, is it free admission?|There is no admission fee for the park.  Can I help you with anything else?
no that will be all I think thanks for your help|Do you need me to look up any more info about anything else for your stay?
The guesthouse is booked and I have two attractions to visit. That's all I need for now. Thanks, again.|Thank you. Hope you enjoy your time in Cambridge. Goodbye.
Howdy! I'm looking to visit some colleges in the city centre if there are any. Preferably ones near food.|Would you like a free one or a paid entry one?
I am ok with either option.  Choose one you think I would enjoy and let me know the address and postcode.|How about the Christ's College in the Center located on Saint Andrew's Street, postcode cb23bu. It has free admission.
That sounds fine.  Does it have actually street address?|That is the only address information I have, but if you have trouble finding them, you could call them at 01223334900.
Ok.  Could you help me find an Indian restaurant around there which serves Indian food,|I have 9 indian restaurants in the centre. Is there a price range you would like?
No preference for price range, but would like to have availability on Saturday.|I would suggest Curry Garden. If you tell me the time you would like booked and how many will be in your party, I'll check availability for you.
Please book a table for 3 at 15:30 on Saturday.|Great! Your reference number is QMHALXPG, is there anything else I can do?
Can I get a taxi from the place to the restaurant, I would like to arrive by the booked time of 15:30.|I booked a red Skoda to pick you up and get you to Curry for your reservation.  The contact number is 07087653240.  Can I help with anything else?
Terrific, thanks and have a great day!|Thank you for using the Cambridge TownInfo center, and I hope you enjoy your time in our city!
Hi I am looking for a restaurant in the centre of town serving japanese food|There is only one Japanese restaurant in the centre, Wagamama. Would this one be ok?
Yes. Could you tell me the price range please?|Wagamama is a high end restaurant and the price range is expensive, what is the price range you are looking for?
That is perfect. Could I get the address, phone number and postcode please?|The address is 36 Saint Andrews Street. The phone number is 01223462354. The postcode is cb23ae. Would you like me to reserve a table for you?
Not at this time thank you, is there a museum close by the restaurant by chance?|Yes there are several, 11 in fact that you can choose from. Would you like any specific ones?
Can you recommend one that is in the centre? I need to know the entrance fee, please.|I would recommend cambridge contemporary art. There is no entrance fee. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Yes, can I also have the phone number, and address for cambridge contemporary art?|The address of Cambridge Contemporary Art is 6 trinity street. It's phone number is 01223324222. May I help you with anything else?
I would like a taxi between the two places. I need to leave the restaurant by 4.|Ok, I have a red BMW picking you up, do you need the contact number?
Yes I do.|The contact number for the taxi service is 07060233435. Can I help you with anything else?
No, that'll be all. Thank you and have a great day.|Thank you for using our system!
I am looking for a place to eat. Do you know any places in the centre of town with a moderate price?|I can help you with that. What type of cuisine would you be interested in?
I would like the restaurant to serve international food.|There are 2 restaurants serving international food. One is the varsity restaurant, the other is bloomsbury restaurant. Would you like a reservation at one of these?
I would like to book a table for 2 at 11:45 on Thursday at Bloomsbury.|Sure, I have made the reservation, and your reference number is W6A0B2QE.
Thank you. Can you also find me an entertainment attraction near Bloomsbury?|I'm sorry, there aren't any entertainment attractions in the centre of town. Would you be interested in a different kind of attraction, or perhaps somewhere in another part of town?
Are there any nightclubs in the centre of town?|Yes, there are 5 results for nightclubs in the centre area.  The cheapest entrance fee is 4 pounds and that's at soul tree nightclub. Do you need more information?
Yes could I have their address please?|The Soul Tree is located at 1-6 corn exchange street.
Thank you. Can I also book a taxi from the restaurant to the club?|What time would you like to leave or arrive?
I need to arrive before our reservation time.|I have booked a taxi for you. It is a red ford and the contact number is 07592537181. Is there anything else you need today?
That was everything, thanks!|You're welcome, enjoy your time in Cambridge.
I am planning a trip in Cambridge|Great! Can I help you with transportation, lodging or attractions while here?
I am looking for an attraction called cambridge university botanic gardens.|That is located in the centre. The address is bateman street. Can I give you any other information?
Can I have their postcode and phone please? Also I need a train out of cambridge on tuesday.|Okay the post code is cb21jf and phone number is 01223336265.
I need a train that leaves on Tuesday after 9:30 and arrives in London Liverpool street.|What time would you like to arrive by?
I don't need to arrive at a specific time, as long as the train leaves after 9:30.|The TR4494 meets your criteria. Would you like to book tickets?
Great can I get 6 tickets for that?|Booking was successful, the total fee is 99.6 GBP payable at the station .
Reference number is : PAR7KYOS.
Great, thanks, that's everything I need.|You're welcome, have a great day!
HI, can you help me find a hotel on the north side of town please?|Sure!  There are two hotels on the north side of town: Ashley Hotel and Lovell Lodge.
Do either of them have 2 stars?|They do both have two stars yes.
Can I get the postcode of one you'd recommend?|I would recommend the Lovell Lodge. Their postcode is cb41sr. Would you like more information or may I book a room for you?
Can you also tell me about some theatres in town?|There is adc theatre in the post code cb58as on park street. There are 4 others in Cambridge.
Thank you.  That's all I needed to know.|Excellent. Have a good day!
What time is the next train from Cambridge to Glastonbury?|You need to select train in order for me to look that up for you.
Well, my daughter just said she would prefer to drive, so how about helping us find a place to eat instead.|what type of food do you like?
I'm craving Romanian food at the moment.|I don't have any in the area. Do you have any other preferences?
What about a moderately priced Spanish restaurant?|I actually do have one of those. It is called La Tasca. It's located in the centre of town at 14-16 Bridge Street. Did you need a reservation?
I also need to find a place to go to look at architecture in the city center.|You could try all saints church	located at Jesus Lane.  Is there anything else you needed to know?
Could you please give me the phone number and postcode for the church?|Yes their phone number is 01223452587 and their postcode is cb58bs.
What is their entrance fee? I would also like to book a taxi.|It is free to enter. Where will you want the taxi to take you to and from?
I it to come to the  restaurant and  then take meto the church.|Ok.  What time would you like the taxi to pick you up?
I would just need to arrive to the restaurant by 16:15.|Booking completed!
Booked car type	:	red lexus
Contact number	:	07289428865
Thank you, that is all I need.|Okay, great. You're welcome. Have a wonderful day.
I need a hotel the next town over.|I can surely help with that.  Which part of town are you specifically looking for?
I don't care which part of town it is. I just want a cheap place with free wifi.|Alexander bed and breakfast is a guesthouse in town centre with 4 stars in the cheap price range, and has free wifi.  Shall I book a room for you?
Yes please do and send me the reference number.|What day would you like me book and how many days will you be staying?
I need it for 7 people for 3 nights starting on friday please.|You are all set with the booking, the reference number is B8R0DO3L, can I help with anything else?
Can you also provide the address to an attraction in the town centre?|Castle Galleries is a lovely museum in the town centre. The address for the attraction is unit su43, grande arcade, Aaint Andrews Street.
Thank you. I will also need a taxi to pick me up at the attraction by 21:30. Send me the contact number and car type please.|Sure, can you tell me your destination just so I can be sure to send it to the right place?
My destination will be going from the Castle Galleries and going back to the Alexander bed and breakfast|I've booked a blue tesla, which you can reach at 07827647450. Anything else for you today?
That is all I need today. Thank you.|Have a great time.
Good Morning, I am hoping you can help me with information on places to go in town.|Of course. Which area of town will you be attending?
I would like to visit the centre part of town.|We have several great attractions including theatres, churches, museums, parks and night clubs. Where would you like to go?
I want to visit a museum.|There are no museums in this side of town.
Well how about finding a museum that has an asian oriental restaurant in the expensive price range nearby.|I can only process one at a time. Please choose one first.
I need a museum in the centre please.|I have 11. Would you like more info on one?
Yes, please.  Perhaps a gallery of some kind.|I can recommend the Broughton House Gallery on 98 King Street. Do you want the phone number?
I would like to know how much it costs to get in there?|The Broughton House Gallery has free admission. I can look up a nearby restaurant, if you wish.
First, can you give me the postcode and address for that attraction?|Broughton house gallery is on 98 king street with the postcode of cb11ln. The phone number is 01223314960. What would you like next?
I want to find an asian oriental restaurant in the same area. Expensive please|There is one result. It is kymmoy.
Ok.  Can you book a table for me there?|Glad to do so, how many people and what is your preferred date and time?
There will be 4 of us, we'd like Tuesday at 12:45.|Your table is reserved, ref# 1L2BKCMX. Is there anything else I can do for you today?
No, that's all I needed! Thank you, bye!|I'm happy I could be of service. Goodbye!
I have a particular restaurant that I need to find please.|Do you know the name of the location?
The restaurant is called the Cambridge Chop House. I would really like to make a reservation there.|Great, how many people will be dining?
Six people will be dining.|What day and time would you like to make the reservation?
On Thursday at 19:30 please.|Your reservation has been made. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Your reference number is:  KOOJ1Y7I. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I am also looking for some where to go in the center of town.|Did you have something in mind. We have lots of great things to do--colleges, museums, theatres, nightclubs, etc.
I'm not sure. What types of museums are there?|yes we have art galleries and anthropology and archaeology museums.
select one and give me its entrance fee, attraction type and phone number|the fitzwilliam museum is very popular. There is no entrance fee and their phone number is 01223332900. Is there anything else I can do for you today?
I'd like to get a taxi from the museum to the restaurant, to get there in time for my reservation.|Okay great! Your car will be a grey bmw and the contact number is 07720582184.
Very good, thank you kindly, that will be all.  You are dismissed.|Thank you for contacting the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Goodbye
I need to find a train that leaves Cambridge and that should arrive by 3:00 PM. Can  you help?|Where is the destination, please?
The destination is Peterborough. I'll be going there on Tuesday.|TR7727 will arrive at 14:56. Would you like to book tickets on that train?
Not right now.  I am just getting information together.  Thank you.|Can I help you with anything else today?
Yes, I am also looking for an entertainment place to go in town. I'd like it to be in the centre if there happen to be any.|What type of attraction would you like?
I'd like some entertainment.|No entertainment attractions in the center unfortunately. I usually recommend the funky fun house on the east side of town
What about a college?|There are lots of wonderful colleges in the centre. There's Trinity College of course, but others such as Saint Catharine's College are also nice. Do you want to know more?
I am interested in visiting Saint Catharine's College. May I have the postcode, please.|The post code is cb21r1.
Thank you for the information.|Have a nice day.
We will be in the west part of town and would like to go to a restaurant while we are there.|I have 14 different restaurants. Is there a type of cuisine you prefer?
I would like an Indian food restaurant in the expensive range.|There are 5 options in the west in that price range. One of my faves is India House. Would you like a reservation?
Yes, please.  I need a table for one at 17:00 on Tuesday.|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.Reference number is : HLEN9T9L.
Can you tell me if there is a concerthall in the same area as this restaurant, if not is there a museum?|I'm sorry, there is not a concert hall in the west. There are 7 museums, though, and most of them are free to enter.
Okay, could you give me the entrance fee and phone number information for your favorite museum there?|The Cafe Jello Gallery is great, the phone number is 01223312112 and the entrance fee is free.
Thanks! I don't need any more help today. Bye!|Have a wonderful time.
I'm looking for colleges to visit in the centre of town.|There are 13 colleges in the centre.  King's College and Saint Catharine's College are on the same street and both have free admission.
Can you provide the phone number and post code to the attraction?|King's College is cb21st and their number is 01223331100. Saint Catharine's is cb21rl and their number is 01223338300.
What is the entrance fee?|Both are free. Is there anything else you'd like help with?
Yes, actually. I could use some help finding a train to take me from Cambridge heading to Bishops Stortford.|What day and departure time do you prefer?
I want to leave on Saturday at any time after 21:15.|How many ticket will you need?
I would just like to know the travel time of one or more of the trains.|They are both 38 minute trips
Thanks. That's all the information I needed today. I appreciate your help.|You're welcome. Enjoy your stay in Cambridge. Good bye!
i'm looking for a train to cambridge|I'd love to help! Which day were you wanting to leave?
I'm leaving on Sunday|What station do you want to leave from?
I need a train from broxbourne.|I have many trains on that day. Do you have a preferred time for leaving or arriving?
Yes, I'd like to leave for cambridge after 13:30 on sunday.|TR4813 leaves at 14:32 and arrive an hour later. How does that sound?
That sounds great. I'll need 7 tickets.|Your booking was successful. The total fee is 100.24 GBP, which is payable at the station. Your reference number is ALFLIJMY. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yeah, can to tell me about colleges in the centre of town?|There are 13 colleges located in the centre. Are you looking for somewhere with free entrance or is somewhere with a fee okay too?
it doesn't matter. could you provide the postcode, phone number, and address for one that you suggest?|Sure! I suggest Downing College. I is located on Regent Street in the postcode CB21DQ. Their phone number is 01223334860.
That should be it for today thanks!|You're welcome. Goodbye
I will need to take a train to london kings cross on friday.|Where are you departing from and when?
I'm departing from Cambridge, preferably after 20:45|There are two trains that fit your criteria. One leaves at 21:00 and the other at 23:00. Which of these would you like me to book for you?
i prefer the 21:00 please help me get the train ID and price|The train ID is TR3055 and each ticket is 23.60 GBP. Can I help you with anything else today?
i'm also looking for a place in town in the centre.|Sure. What kind of place are you looking for?
I'm looking for an entertainment place.|What side of town would you like to be on?
centre and should be in the type of entertainment closeby as well|Sure, there are plenty of options.  Were you looking for a specific type of attraction?
Entertainment venues please. If they are not available then architecture venues.|There are several architecture places to visit, Holy Trinity Church is located on Market Street and has free entrance. Would you like info on any others?
Can you please recommend one and provide me with their post code and phone number?|holy trinity church and the post code is cb23nz and the phone number is 01223355397.
Thank you for all your help. You have answered all my questions today. Goodbye.|Good night, have a nice evening.
I want to find somewhere to go in the centre.|Are you looking for an attraction to go to? Or are you looking for a restaurant or a hotel or something else? I need more information.
Yes, attractions to visit.|May i know the type of attraction you will prefer. We have architecture, boat, cinema, college, nightclub, museum and much more?
I don't know.  Can you recommend your favorite thing to do?|I enjoy the cambridge university botanic gardens this time of year. They have an entrance fee of 4 pounds.
Okay, great. I'll also need to know the postcode, if possible?|cambridge university botanic gardens post code is cb21jf.
I also need to find restaurant serving modern European food.|Assuming you have no further criteria, the Galleria is a great restaurant on 33 Bridge Street.
Ok, please also book me a taxi from the restaurant at 05:30 and can I have a description and contact information for the taxi? Thanks.|Yellow Lexus, 07263691151. Is there anything else?
That will be all, thank you.|Thank you for calling. I hope you enjoy your trip. Goodbye.
I'm looking for someplace to go in the west.|Might I recommend the Whale of a Time entertainment venue?
Sure. May I have the phone number please?|Of course, it is 01954781018. Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
Can I get a train departing ely and leaving on wednesday?|There are 10 trains that leave Ely on Wednesday, what is your destination?
Cambridge. Should leave after 15:00|There are 5 trains leaving after 15:00. The times are 15:35, 17:35, 19:35, 21:35 and 23:35. Which would you like?
The 15:35 will be fine. Please book that for four people.|Okay, I have four tickets booked on the 15:35 train from Ely to Cambridge on Wednesday.  Total is 17.6 GBP, reference number UKD02OC6. Anything else I may help with?
I have everything. Thanks|Glad to have been of service. Thank you and have a good day.
I am looking for a restaurant that serves indian food in the west.|I'm sorry, but there seems to be an error. Could you please restate your request?
Yes, I'm looking for museums in the center of town, not a restaurant. Can you tell me about your favorite one?|I have the broughton house gallery located at 98 king street with free entrance fee.
what's the address?|The address is 98 king street. Can I help you with anything else today?
Yes, I need a train going from Cambridge to Stevenage on Tuesday.|Ok we have 10 trains that day, did you have a time in mind?
I need to leave after 17:45|I can put you on the tr6692, it leaves at 19:21, how many tickets?
Thank you for all the information. That will be all for now.|Okay great! Have a great day!
Thank you so much for your help.|You're welcome. Please call again if we can assist you in any other way. Goodbye.
I am looking for theatres to go to in the South.|The Junction sounds like just what you are looking for. Would you like more information on this location?
Yes, may I get the address and post code, please?|The address is clifton way and the postcode is cb17gx. Can I help with anything else today?
Is there an entrance fee to The Junction?|I am sorry but there is no information about their entrance fee.
Okay. I'm also looking for an expensive restaurant that serves Moroccan food.|There are no matches in that area. Would you like another type of food?
Yes, can we try Indian instead?|There are 14 restaurants that offer your preferences, let's see if we can narrow down the selection, is there a particular area you are looking for?
No particular area. If you could recommend one and send me the address, postcode and phone number. Thank you.|How about cocum?  It is located at 71 Castle Street City Centre.  The postal code is cb30ah and the phone number is 01223366668.
Great, that is all I need. Thank you.|You are very welcome! Have a great day, goodbye!
I am looking for a place to go in the centre of Cambridge.|There are 44 locations in the centre do you have a type of event you'd like?
No, just give me whatever. I'd like a postcode and phone number for the location please.|The man on the moon concert hall is located at 2 norfolk street postcode cb12lf. The phone number is 01223474144. Is there anything else I can do for you today?
I'd also like the place to include free parking and a 3 star rating|I'm not sure if the concert hall has free parking.  The phone number is 01223474144.  Would you like me to call and find out?
Yes please, also is it a 3 star rating? and is it in the same area as the attraction I mentioned before?|Are you looking for a hotel in the same area as the concert, or are you wondering if the concert has a 3 star rating? Just to clarify.
Sorry for the confusion. A hotel that is also in the centre, please. I would like it to have free parking and 3 stars.|the gonville hotel seems like the place for you
I'd like to book 5 nights, starting Saturday.|How many people will be staying?
This will be for 3 people please|Unfortunately, they do not have availability for that length of stay on Saturday. Would you like me to try a shorter stay or different day?
How about two nights?|The booking was successful. I have booked gonville hotel for 3 people for 2 days your reference number is : BA906BWG.
Fantastic. Thank you for all your help. That's all I needed.|Excellent. Thank you for getting in touch.
I am traveling to Cambridge and am super excited to see some of the local tourist attractions and I am looking for a restaurant call The Varsity Restaurant.|The Varsity Restaurant serves international food at moderate prices.  They are located in the centre.  Would you like help in making a reservation?
Yes please. Can you make it for 7 people on sunday at 15:00?|I am sorry but I was unable to book you at that time.  Would you like to try a different time?
Could we make it for 14:00.|Yes that time is available, would you like me to book that for you?
I sure would, thanks.|Great, you're booked with reference number EZAWT5OG. May I help with anything else?
I'm also looking for places to go in town.  Can you assist me with that also?|Yes, I can.  How about Scudamore's Punting Co.?  It is located in the centre of town so it would be close to your restaurant.
Sounds great, but I actually would prefer to maybe visit a college campus. Can you recommend one?|I have five places. Jesus college is a good one, what would you like to know?
Can I get the postcode?|The postcode is cb58bl.  Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Yes, I need a taxi to take me from the college to the restaurant. I want to make sure it arrives by my reserved time.|Booking completed!
Booked car type	:	red audi
Contact number	:	07727861490
is there anything else i can help you with?
I would like to find an expensive restaurant that serves molecular gastronomy please|Would a gastropub work for you?
Can I have more information on gastropub?|There are 3 gastropubs, 2 in the centre and 1 in the east, that are expensive.  Do you have a preference?
If there is no expensive restaurant serving molecular gastronomy food, I would take one that serves Indian food.|Great I recommend Curry Garden.  It is an expensive Indian restaurant in the Centre.  Would you like a reservation?
That place sounds pretty good, but no reservation at this time, thanks. I would like to know their postcode, please?|The postcode is cb21dp.
Great.  I also need some information about an attraction called The Cherry Hinton Village Centre.  Can you look that up?|Absolutely! It is located at cherry hinton road and is an entertainment in the east area.
Thanks.  Can you provide the phone number and postcode too?|Sure thing! The phone number is 01223446104 and the post code is cb18dw. Is there anything else you need?
I also need a taxi today to get me between the two places.|What time would you like that taxi?
I'd like to leave by 06:45, please.|Booking completed! Your contact number is 07984587445, and the car type will be a black lexus. Can I help you with anything else?
That's all I need. Thanks!|Have a great trip to Cambridge. Goodbye.
I feel like going to a nightclub.|Okay, the Soul Tree Nightclub is a popular one. Would you like the address or phone number?
i will really apreciate.|it is located in 1-6 exchange street. call them on 01223477900
What is the entrance fee? Is it in the west part of town?|The cover charge is only 4, and I show a DJ Squalour from Ibiza doing a show there tonight.
Is there a way you can get me a ticket?|They do not have an advanced booking system, but I can get you their number if you want to call their box office.
Yes, please provide the number.|01223477900. Is there anything else I can do for you?
I also need a hotel. Preferably a 4 star one with free parking.|There are 2 hotels that meet those specification in the West and one in the Centre.  Which area would you prefer?
I would like to book the one that is in the west please.|There are two hotels in the west. I recommend the cambridge belfry. How many people will be staying, and how many nights, and what day will you arrive?
It will be 3 people for one night.|What day would you like the reservations to begin?
Starting on Monday please.|Booking complete. Reference number is VY2L76MY.
No that is all I needed for the night thank you.|Thank you and have a wonderful time here in our city of Cambridge!
I need to find a hotel with free wifi to stay at. Can you help me?|I sure can.  Are there any other requirements you'd like to include in your search?
I would like a 1 star hotel.|I am sorry but could not find a 1 star hotel with your needs.  If there is anything else I can help you with let me know, thaks.
ok, try a 4 star hotel.|There are several 4 star hotels. Do you have a particular area in mind?
The area doesn't matter. If you could give me the name, phone number and address of a 4 store hotel; that would be fine.|I recommend the acorn guesthouse it's located at 154 chesterton road and their number is 01223353888. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Yes, can you recommend a college I could visit while I am there?|we have quite a few, clare hall is one of my favorite's
That sounds good. Can I get their phone number and address please?|The phone I have listed is 01223332360. Can I hlep with anything else today?
Um, how about the address too please?|Clare Hall address is herschel road in west area, postal code cb39al. I hope this helps today.
Hi, I am looking for a high-end Cuban restaurant in Cambridge.|Unfortunately there are no high end cuban restaurants in Cambridge. Would you like to choose a different cuisine?
How about one that serves British food?|Fitzbillies is located in this area.
Is it expensive? I would like their address and postcode please.|Yes, Fitzbillies is expensive. Their address is 51 Trumpington Street City Centre. Their post code is cb21rg. Is there anything else I can help with today?
Yes I would like to visit some architecture landmarks in the centre of the city. What would you recommend?|yes, there are four churches and a school in that area.
Could you suggest one to me? I will also need to know the address and phone number, as well as the entrance fee. Thanks.|all saints church is free admission and is located at jesus lane. The phone number is 01223452587.
Thanks so much! That is all I need help with today!|You're quite welcome! Have a lovely day, goodbye!
I need a train to birmingham new street|Sure, I can help you with that.  When were you wanting to depart?
I need to leave cambridge after 14:15 on saturday|How about the TR3735, that leaves Cambridge for Birmingham New Street on Saturday at 15:01, would that work for you?
That works great! Can you get us a reservation for 3 people?|I can get that completed for you.  Did you need a reference number?
Yes please.  Also, I am interested in some places to go in town.|Is there a particular type of attraction you're interested in?
I would really like it to be in the centre of town and some type of entertainment.|There is no entertainment types in the centre. Would you like to search another area?
What about a museum in the centre of town?|i have 11 museums in the centre. i would suggest the ruskin gallery. they have free entrance.
Can I have the phone number and address please?|Address is anglia ruskin university, east road, phone number is 01245493131, any other questions today?
Thank you! That is all that I need.|Have a great time.
Can you help me find a train going to Broxbourne?|I can help you find a train but need more information. What day do you need the train and where are you traveling to?
I would like to leave on Saturday, leaving from cambridge, and I would like to arrive by 17:45.|Okay the TR8252 arrives by 17:45.
That will work.  Can you book me 2 seats, please?|Booking was successful, the total fee is 28.64 GBP payable at the station. Reference number is : 8RMLZ0N0. Is there anything else I can help with?
Yes, could you recommend a swimming pool in the centre?|Sure thing, this is the pool in the centre parkside pools.
Ok that sounds like what we need|It is at Gonville Place.  I'm not sure how much it is to enter the pool.  01223446100 is the phone number that could give you further information.
Could you give me the postcode, address please?  Too bad it doesn't mention the entrance fee, but I will call them.|The address is Gonville Place, postcode cb11ly.  What else can I help you with today?
That is all. Thank you so much!|Thank you for using our service today!
Can you help me find a restaurant in the middle price range?|Sure thing, I would suggest the copper kettle.
Is it located in the South? Does it serve Lebanese food?|I have no matches. Do you have any other preferences?
How about italian food?|Pizza hut is in that are and will suit your needs. The address is G4 Cambridge Leisure Park Clifton Way Cherry Hinton. Can I help you with anything else?
Yes, please. I need a reservation for 3 people at that restaurant starting at 18:30 on tuesday|I've reserved a table at 18:30 on Tuesday for 3. Your reference number is GCGHXNVN. Can i help you with anything else?
I would also like to know more about fun places to go in the south.|There are 8 different attractions in the south.  Do you have a type in mind?
Is there a college in the South I could visit?|Unfortunately, there are no colleges in the south. There are a cinema, two entertainments, a museum, a nightclub, a theatre and two parks. Which one appeals to you?
Hmm I'm feeling indecisive. Why don't you pick one that you like best and then please tell me the entrance fee, attraction type, and address for it.|I'm partial to the Byard Art Museum. It's located at 14 King's Parade, and best of all, free. Can I assist you with something else?
Yes, I'm also looking for a taxi to get between the two places. Can you please help?|Do you need the taxi to pick you up at the museum and take you to the restaurant?
Yes, and I need to arrive at the restaurant by 18:30.|OK i've got a white BMW and the contact number is 07669345707. Anything else?
That will be all. Thank you. Goodbye.|Thanks for using Cambridge Town Info centre. Have a great trip!
Hi, I need something to do in the centre. Are there any multiple sports places?|There are not any in the centre, but I do have one in the east. Would that be ok?
No, I need to stay in the centre, can you look for museums?|We have 11 museums in the centre, and all are free to enter.
Can you give me the postcode, phone number, and address to the one closest to the centre in the east?|The broughton house gallery fits your needs. The address is 98 king street. The phone number is 01223314960 and the postcode is cb11ln.
Can you also give me information on  a restaurant called Rice Boat?|Rice Boat is an expensive Indian restaurant on the west side of the city. Would you like me to make a reservation?
I need the address for that restaurant please.|The Rice boat is in 37 Newnham Road Newnham.
Great.  I appreciate your help!  That should be all I need.|It was a pleasure to assist you. Have a good afternoon. Goodbye.
Hey, I have some time to kill and I was wondering if there were any multiple sports places in town?|The cherry hinton village centre, on the eastside, is the only one in town. Would you like more information?
Can you get me the hours for that one?|I do not have the hours but they can be reached at 01223576412, can I help with anything else?
I would like the postcode, phone number, and address|The cherry hinton village centre is located at colville road, cherry hinton, postcode cb19ej.  Their phone number is 01223576412. Can I do anything else for you today?
Yes.  May I please get a recommendation for a museum in the centre of town?|I would recommend the Regency Gallery. Do you need anything else?
ok, what is their phone number?|The phone number for Regency Gallery is 01223365454. Can I be of further assistance today?
Yes, I'll also need the postcode and address, please?|The museum's address is 39 fitzroy street cb11er. May I assist you further?
I also needs a train that leaves after 13:00 on friday.|where are you going may I ask?
From Cambridge to Bishops Stortford.|Train TR4664 leaves at 21:29 and arrives at 22:07.
Isn't there a train that leaves closer to 13:00?|There is a train that leave at 13:29 on Friday. Do you want that instead?
I need to find entertainment in the centre.|There are currently no entertainment locations in the centre of town.
Hm. Okay. well how about a boat attraction?|I'd recommend scudamores punting co on granta place, mill lane, cb21rs. Their phone number is 01223359750. Will that be all?
No, I think that will be it. Cheers.|Enjoy your boat ride, Thank you and have a great day!
I will. After the boat ride I'll need a place to put my head down so please find me a moderately priced hotel|There are 18 hotels that fall withing that range, any other preferences to narrow the search?
Someplace on the north side of town, please.|Any other preferences to narrow the search?
Actually, whatever you have would be great. I'm not picky. But I will need to reserve a room for Sunday.|I would suggest Acorn Guest House, it is rated 4 starts and has free parking and internet. How many people will be staying in the room?
i need a hotel, not a guesthouse|Okay, I found the Ashley Hotel rated 4 stars and the Lovell Lodge rated 2 stars. Both are priced moderate and both have wifi and parking. Which do you prefer?
Ashley Hotel please. I need a booking for six people, for 3 nights, starting sunday.|Your booking was successful.  Your reference number is MT3IXJAR. Do you need anything else?
No. That will be all thank you.|Great, feel free to contact us if you need assistance with anything else. Have a great day!
Please help me find general information about park type places to go in Cambridge.|There are five total parks in Cambridge, four of which are free. The University Botanic Gardens cost 4 pounds to enter.
May I please have the phone number, postcode, and area of a free park that you recommend?|I have cherry hinton water play,located in the east and the post code is cb18dw. Here is the phone 01223446100.
Thank you for your help.|Have a nice day!
I was hoping to visit the cambridge university botanic gardens.|Cambridge University Botanic Gardens is located at Bateman Street in Centre with an entrance fee of 4 pounds. Do you need more information?
Yes, I will need the phone number, postcode and address please.|The postcode is cb21jf. The phone number is 01223336265 and they are located on bateman street. Is there anything else i can help you with?
I'll need a train to Birmingham New Street. Can you help with that?|I sure can!  What day are you looking to travel?
Monday, and I would like to get there by 21:15.|Where will you be departing from?
cambridge, I need 5 tickets and the reference number|Okay, the reference number is KVTFY7CR. Is there anything else you need?
No, that's it for me today. Thanks very much for your help.|enjoy your time in Cambridge!
Can you provide me with a great eatery in Cambridge please|I will go to the lucky star, thanks so much
I'm sorry, I don't understand what you mean. I'm looking for an expensive Indian restaurant in the center of town.|thank you, I will go to the curry garden.
Is that expensive?|Yes. The curry garden is expensive. Would you like me to book you a table there?
Is this located in the centre area?|Yes, the Curry Garden is an Indian restaurant in the centre part of town.
OK, I don't need a table right now, but I do need the address and postcode of the Curry Garden, please.|The postcode is cb21dp and address 106 Regent Street City Centre
Can you tell me about a local swimming pool in town?|There are four swimming pools in town, North, East and Centre. Can you narrow down which area you prefer?
The north please, can I get the phone number, address, and area?|The Jesus Green Outdoor Pool is located between victoria road and the river. Their number is 01223302579.
Thank you I also need a taxi between the two places, I want to leave curry garden at 12:00 and go to jesus green outdoor pool.|Okay, I have booked you a taxi between the places. A red volvo will pick you up at 12:00 at curry garden, The contact number is 07309123705.
That's everything I needed. Thank you so much for your help!|You're very welcome. Thanks for contacting Cambridge TownInfo centre and have a great day.
I'm looking for a place to stay in Cambridge|I can help you with that.  Do you prefer hotels or guesthouses?
That does not matter but I would like it in the cheap price range.|There is a bed and breakfast on 56 saint barnabas road by the name of Alexander, with free parking, internet and 4 star rated. All in a very cheap price.
That sounds perfect. That's all I needed for today, thanks.|Enjoy your stay in Cambridge, have a great day!
I would like to find a pool as well.|There are 4 to choose from. Would you rather go to one located in the east, north, or centre?
Let's put the pool on hold. I forgot to ask you to book the Alexander for me. It is just me for two nights beginning Saturday.|I'd be happy to reserve your rooms for you. How many people will you be traveling with?
There is only me.|Your booking for Alexander bed and breakfast was successful. The reference number is F371FPBA. What else can I do for you?
Please arrange for a taxi to pick me up from the attraction at 21:00 and take me to the hotel. I'll need car and contact info too.|We didnt pick out a pool yet, any preference in area?
Yes, I'd like in to be in the centre of town|I am sorry I need to know where you are going?
I would like a swimming pool at the centre of town.|Parkside pool is in the centre of town. The address is gonville place and the phone number is 01223445100.
Can I get some information on the arbury lodge guesthouse?|It is a guesethouse in the north part of town in the modrate price range and has a 4 star rating.
and what is the address?|Asbury Lodge Guesthouse 82 Asbury Road cb42je
Thank you. I am also looking for places to visit in the north that have to do with boating. Is there any place around there to go?|Yes I have four boat attractions 2 in the centre, one north, and one west.  What part of town would you like?
I would like that in the north please.|The Riverboat Georgina sounds like what you are looking for than. Would you like more information on this attraction?
Yes please. Could I get the address, postcode, and entrance fee?|They are at cambridge passenger cruisers, jubilee house, cb43ax postcode.  Fees vary by boat type and length of time rented, but you can call 01223902091 for that information.
I also need a taxi from the hotel to the boating place, I want to leave the hotel by 15:00|Your taxi has been booked. It will be a yellow Volkswagen and their number is 07212731770.
Thank you so much!|You are welcome, enjoy your stay in Cambridge.
Can you find me attractions in the centre?|We have tons of attractions, what types are you looking for?
Could you give me a few different options?|There is All Saints Church which is renowned for its stunning Architecture, or Scudamores Punting Co for a more nautical adventure, or you can see a show at Vue Cinema.
Could you provide me the address of All Saints Church?|Yes, the address is jesus lane, there is no address number with that.  Anything else that I can assist with today?
Yes, I also need a moderately priced gastropub in the centre of the city.|How about The Cow Pizza Kitchen and Bar?  It meets your criteria.
I need it for four people on Thursday, at 11:00.|The booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Reference number is : XEN4SWZZ.
Thanks, that's all I needed today. I appreciate your help.|Enjoy your stay! Goodbye!
I am looking for nearby museums|We have 23 fine museums in town. Is there a certain area you would like?
No particular area. May I have the phone number of one you recommend?|i recommend broughton house gallery
That sounds good, what is their phone number?|Their phone number is 01223314960. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
That would be it thank you for all your help.|I hope you enjoy the museum, and have a great day!
I am going off to college soon and want to visit a campus. Can you help me find one?|Sure we have 18, do you have an area preference?
In the centre please. Can I get their address, phone number, and entrance fee?|There are a few colleges in the centre. Do you know the name of the college or do you prefer free entrance fees?
No, please pick one. Provide me with the address, post code and entrance fee.|Okay, Downing College is on regent street. The post code is CB21dq. It's free.
Does it have free wifi?|Unfortunately, the colleges in town do not offer free wifi. They do offer free entrance though.
Can you help me find a guesthouse? Something nice. And somewhere upscale on the price, too. My parents are paying for the whole trip and they're loaded.|How about the express by holiday inn cambridge in the east side of town?
Do they have free wifi and a 4 star rating?|They have free WiFi but their rating is 2. I think University Arms hotel will suit you better in that case.
University Arms Hotel sounds just great. Please get me a booking for 8 people staying for 4 nights starting from Friday.|I was able to book your rooms at University Arms Hotel for Friday. Your reference number is 8IITDH5T. Is there anything else I can do for you?
No, that's it; thank you for your help.|Have a great time.
I am staying in the west part of cambridge and would like to know about some places to go.|I have several attractions in the west for you. Is there a certain type you have in mind?
No, what would you recommend?|i suggest  queens college in the silver street. you want the address?
I would like the phone number and the post code please.|Sure!  The phone number is 01223335511 and the postcode is cb39et.  Is there anything else I can help you with today?
I need a 3 star guesthouse in the same area. Does not need to include internet.|There is a guesthouse named Hobsons House located in the west with 3 stars. It is moderately priced and has internet and parking. Would you like this one booked?
No thank you. I just needed the information. That's all I need.|Great! Have a good day!
I am looking for a train leaving after 16:15 on friday.|Where will you be traveling from and to?
The train should depart from cambridge and arrive at leicester.|Okay. The TR0094 meets your criteria. Would you like more information or would you like to book tickets?
book for 1 person and get me  reference number|Okay, your ticket is booked! Reference number UYWWVHK8. Can I be of any further help?
Yes please. I'm looking for a good museum in town. Can you suggest one that you like?|Are you looking for one in a particular area?
Yes, the west please.|we have quite a few in the west, how can I help you?
Can you please provide me a list of museum options?|We have five museums in the west area.  I would recommend the Lynne Strover Gallery.  Would you like information on some of the other museums?
Can you give me the postcode, entrance fee, and address of one?|The lynne strover gallery is located at 23 high street, fen ditton, postcode cb30aq, and is free. May I help you with something else?
no thanks that is enough for today|You're welcome! Bye!
I want to find a college in the west.|There are 5 colleges in the west. churchill college, clare college, clare hall, magdalene college, and queens' college.
Could you tell me the entrance fee for clare hall please?|The entrance to Clare Hall is free. Anything else you need?
Could you please provide me with the address and phone number?|the phone number is 01223332360 and address isherschel road
What kind of moderately priced restaurants are in that area? I want to eat after I visit the college.|There are 3 moderate restaurants in the west area. Would you like british, indian, or italian food?
I don't care, suprise me!|Okay! I'll recommend Meghna, a moderately-priced Indian restaurant. Would you like me to book you a table?
Yes, please book it and provide me with the postcode.|Before I can book your table I will need to know how many will be in your party and at what time you will be dining.
It will just be me at the restaurant. Please book a table for one at 17:30.|Can you give me a day, as well?
Any day they have an opening is fine with me|I booked you for Monday at 17:30 at the Meghna. Your reference code is CM20CXJ6.
May I get the postcode of the restaurant, please?|the postcode is cb43lf. Do you need help with anything else ?
No that is all I needed. thank you!|welcome andhave yourself a great day.
Thanks! You too! Bye!|Have a great dinner in Cambridge.  Goodbye.
I am looking for a theatre to visit. Would you have any suggestions?|There are 5 theatres in town, 4 in the centre and 1 in the south, do you have a preference for area?
The one on the south side, please. Could you tell me it's postcode and if it has an entry fee?|The junction is in the south area. The postcode is cb17gx. The entrance fee is not listed. Would you like the phone number?
Unlisted!  What a pain.  Okay, I suppose give me the phone number, thanks.|Sure thing. The phone number is 01223511511. How else may I help you?
That's all the information I need. Thank you!|You're welcome, have a great day.
Can you help me find somewhere in town to go to for entertainment?|Which area would you like to go?
Preferably the town centre.|I'm sorry but I'm not finding any entertainment attractions in the city centre, would you like me to try another area?
No, that's ok. How about colleges? Can you recommend a good one in the centre of town?|I always like to visit Christ's College when I am in the area. The address is Saint Andrew's Street. Is there anything else I can do for you today?
Yes, please. I;m also looking for an expensive place to dine in the same area as the college. Can you help me with that?|There are 33 results. Is there a certain type of food you'd like to have?
If there is a restaurant which serves Indian food, that would be perfect.|Curry garden is an expensive restaurant serving Indian food, would you like that?
Before I book the restaurant, I wanted to finish getting information on Christ's College. I have the address. I just need the postcode and phone number, please?|phone is 01223334900 and postcode is cb23bu is there anything else ?
I'm looking for a guesthouse that doesn't have to have free parking.|I have 24 possible matches for you. Is there a certain price range or area you want to be in?
I would prefer it in the South please.|How about the Bridge Guest House?
Do they have free parking and free wifi?|Yes, they do offer free internet and parking.
Ok, can you book me for 7 people, 5 nights starting on saturday?|Your room is booked at the Bridge Guest House, ref#06M9TH0M. Can I assist you with anything else today?
What places are there to go in town? What about museums?|byard art	is a good museum and entrance is free
i'm looking for a mexican restaurant|I have found one.  The Chiquito Restaurant Bar is in the south side of town.  Would you like me to make a reservation for you?
Is it expensive?|Yes it is. Would you like a reservation there?
Actually, I was looking for a Mexican restaurant in the centre of town.|I'm sorry the only mexican restaurant is located in the south.
What about a gastropub?|We have 4 options! Is there a price range you'd like to stay in?
Yes, I'm looking for a restaurant in the expensive price range in the city centre. Mexican is my first choice. If none is available, gastropub is fine.|Backstreet Bistro looks like a top choice, shall i book you for there?
Yes a table for four please.|I will go ahead and book that for you.
Thank you. Oh wait! It needs to be a table for 2.|No problem.  What day and time were you thinking?
We need a table for Tuesday at 12:30 please.|You are booked for Backstreet Bistro for 2 people. Your reference number is  P4P2R28V. May I help with something else?
What is the address and postcode of the Backstreet Bistoro?|They are located at 2 Sturton Street City Centre postal cb12qa, have I been able to resolve all of your questions today?
I also want to find an attraction called Corpus Christi.|Corpus Christi is a college in town centre. It is located at king's parade, postcode cb21rh.  The entrance fee is 2 pounds. Do you need their phone number?
Thanks for all your help. That will be all for today. Goodbye.|Have a great time.
I am looking for a museum on the west side of town.|There are 7 museums in the west.
Which one is the cheapest?|I would go with kettle's yard since it is free. Would you like more information?
What is the address?|Their address is Castle Street, cb30aq. Will there be anything else I can assist you with today?
I am also wanting to find out some info on a restaurant called The Gardenia.|That is a great Mediterranean place. What would you like to know about it?
i would like to make a reservation there for Wednesday. There will be 6 people.|Alright I will connect you so you will get tickets for the event.
Event?  I want to book a table at a restaurant please.|What time would you like your reservation?
Let's shoot for 16:45 please.|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : KF2WIGAS. Can I help with anything else today?
Yes, I will need a taxi to commute between the to places.|I have you leaving at 16:15 and arriving at 16:45. It'll be a white volvo and the number is 07193127325
Thank you so much.|is there anything else I can help you with today?
No thank you that will be all|Thank you for contacting Cambridge TownInfo centre. I enjoyed helping you. Goodbye.
I'm wanting a train that leaves on Friday and goes to Cambridge.|Sure thing. What's your departure site and around what time would you like to leave?
I  want to leave after 16:45, depart from Birmingham New Street.|The first train will leave at 17:40 and arrive at 20:23.  Does that sound good?
This time works fine for me.|You train has been booked, and the reference number is ZETNNFN0. You will owe 75.09 GBP when you arrive.
thanks, i'm also looking for some museums.|We have lots of wonderful museums.  Is there a particular area of the town you would like to find one in?
Yes, do you have any in the centre?|There's 11 museums in the centre is there a type of museum you'd like to visit?
Anyone of those would work. Could you recommend something for me? I'll need the phone number, and address as well.|The broughton house gallery is very nice and the phone number is 01223314960 and the address is 98 king street.
What area is it in?|It is in the centre.
Hi, I have a business meeting and I'm looking for an expensive place to eat in the city centre.|Sure, I can help you with that.  Did you have any specific requirements?
I'm sure Moroccan food will impress my clients. Are there any restaurants that serve it?|Unfortunately you won't be able to impress your clients. We don't have any Moroccan restaurants in town. Do you want to look for something else?
Can you search for British food instead?|Yes, there are several. Would you like an expensive one such as Fitzbillies to impress your clients?
Yes, please book a reservation at Fitzbillies for 4 people at 13:30 on wednesday. Oh! Can I please get the reference number?|Okay your booking was successful and you reference number is  9H9V7J2Z.
Thank you. I also need info on a college to visit in the town centre. Anyone will do. Whatever you recommend.|Corpus christi college located at king's parade and the postcode is cb21rh.
Great thanks, what is their entrance fee and phone number?|their phone number is 01223338000 and the admission is 2 pounds
Thank you for all your help. Goodbye.|Goodbye! Enjoy your time in Cambridge!
I'm looking for interesting museums in the centre of Cambridge, can you recommend me any?|I recommend the museum of archaelogy and anthropology
That sounds great! Can I have their address?|They are located at university of cambridge, downing street and there is no entrance fee. Would you like their phone number as well?
Not right now, but thanks. I do need a train to cambridge that leaves after 18:30, though.|Sure thing. Where will you be travelling from and on what day?
I will be departing from Stevanage on Tuesday.|Great! Train TR6913 leaves at 19:54 and arrives by 20:43, with a price of 12.80 pounds. Would that work for you?
Yes, it sounds great.  Can you book 8 seats for me please?|Your booking was on TR6914 not TR6913. Your reference number is 4L2BQ9VA. Can I help you with anything else today?
No, thank you!|Thank you for contacting Cambridge TownInfo Centre, have a great day!
I am looking for a place to visit in town that is architecture.|What kind of architecture are you looking for? Churches or schools?
I'd like churches, and any really old buildings.  If you could give me the addresses of a few of those that would be great.|All saints church is on jesus lane with free entrance, great saint mary's church is located at market square and has an entrance fee of 2 pounds.
What is the post code for that place and the area of town it is in?|The postcode for All Saints Church is cb58bs and it is located in the city center.
Great. I also need a gastropub restaurant in the east that is expensive.|I have the royal standard. Would you like me to make a booking for you?
Yes please.  For 3 people at 12:45 on Friday.|You are set, the reference number is 8XDU4HAN, can I help with anything else?
Thank you that is all I needed today.|Thank you for using the help desk, enjoy your day.
Please find a place to eat that serves Indian food.|There are several is there a price range or area you prefer?
Yes, I would like it to be in the west.|There are 6 results. Is there a certain pricerange you'd like?
Thank you! I would like to go to an expensive restaurant, please.|I would recommend Tandoori Palace at 68 Histon Road Chesterton. The food there is great. Would you like for me to book a reservation for you?
Yes 4 people on 18:15 on friday.  Should be a fin way to start the weekend.|Your booking was successful. Your reference number is OPAF3JMB. Is there anything else I can do for you today?
Yes, I'm also looking for a nightclub to go to in the same area.|There are no nightclubs in the west, would you like me to do another searchby area or attraction type?
How about a museum then?|There are 7 museums in the west. Would you prefer one with free admission?
Yes please.|The cafe jello gallery has free admission and is located at 13 magdalene street, postcode cb30af.  Would you like information on any others?
No, that is all the information I need. Thank you.|You're welcome, have a great day!
Tell me about museums on the west side of town.|I have found several galleries and museums in the west side of town, were you looking for something with free entrance?
Which type of museums are available?|There are three galleries, two museums, kettle's yard, and the people's portraits exhibition at girton college.
I'd like to go to a museum. Can you tell me your favorite? And if you have their phone number that would be really great.|I find Kettle's Yard to be fascinating. Their phone number is 01223748100, and they're located on Castle Street. Can I be of any further assistance?
Thanks.  No, that will be it.|Enjoy your visit to Kettle's Yard. Thank you for calling the Cambridge TownInfo Centre. Goodbye.
Yes,  Hello.  I would like info on Milton Country Park?|Yes of course. Milton Country Park is a park in the northern area of town. What would you like to know?
Can I have their postcode?|Their post code is cb46az.
Thanks very much for your help today.|You're welcome. Thank you for calling the Cambridge Township Centre. Enjoy your day!
Hi there. Are there any colleges in the centre of town that you know of?|There are 13 colleges in the centre of town. Are you looking for a particular one?
Not particularly, can you make a recommendation?|Christ's college is in the centre of town and has free admission.
Okay. Get me their phone number, address and postcode. Can you give me information on a restaurant called The Gandhi?|Christ's College phone number is 01223334900 and their address is saint andrew's street, cb23bu. The Gandhi is a cheap Indian restaurant in the centre of town.
Can you please give me the phone number for The Gandhi?|The phone number for The Gandhi is 01223353942. Is there any thing else I can help you with?
Yes. Can you please book a taxi between The Gandhi and Christ's College. I want to leave the restaurant by 08:45|I've booked your taxi to leave the restaurant by 08:45. The car type is a white ford and the contact number is 07792703119
That is all I need. Thank you.|Perfect! I'm glad I could help you with your travel plans today.
Hi there, can you help me find a park to visit please?|We have 79 parks in the Cambridge area, what area of Cambridge would you like to go to a park in?
Can you please provide me with the postcode, entrance fee and address of a park in the south?|There are two parks in the south, The Wandlebury and Sheeps Green. Which are you more interested in?
How about getting me the address and postcode and entrance fee for The Wandlebury. I also am looking for a restaurant called La Mimosa.|Wandlebury's address is Wandlebury Ring, Gog Magog Hills, Babraham, postcode cb223ae. No entrance fee. La Mimosa is located in the city centre, address is Thompsons Lane Fen Dilton. Anything else?
Could you book a table for me please? I need a reservation for 8 people at 15:45 on Friday.|All right, your table is reserved. The reference number is SX6ZASAF.
That's all I need, thanks for the help!|You're welcome. Enjoy your time in Cambridge.
Thanks I will.  That is everything I needed.|Have a great day, goodbye.
I'm looking for a place to go in the south of town.|What type of place are you looking for? In the south, we have a cinema, theater, museum, parks, and night club. If you tell me what you are looking for, we can narrow it down.
south. and i need to get address and postcode|Tenpin is a fun place in the south, located at Cambridge Leisure Park, Clifton Way. Their postcode is cb17dy.
And can you help me find a train to get to Birmingham New Street.  It needs to leave after 19:15.|May I ask what day you are needing to book the train for?
I'll be traveling on Monday.|There are four trains on Monday that would meet your needs, leaving at 20:01, 21:01, 22:01, and 23:01.
ok, i'll do the first train|That's train TR2850 leaving at 20:01 and arriving at 22:44. Would you like reservations?
Can you book it for me and get a reference number ?|How many tickets do you need?
I don't need tickets actually.  Can you confirm that it does indeed leave from Cambridge?  And I'll need the travel time also.  Thanks.|I can confirm the train leaves from Cambridge. The travel time is 163 minutes. May I help with something else?
That's it for today. Thanks so much for your help.|Thank you, have a great evening.
Can you assist me in getting a train that leaves after 18:30? Thanks|To help you find the train you are looking for could you please provide me with your departure site and destination? Also your departure time and arrival time? Thank you.
I'm coming from Broxbourne going to Cambridge on Saturday.|I have 6 trains for you to choose from. The earliest leaves at 18:32. Do you want me to book a ticket?
How long does the journey take?|The train ride is 60 minutes long.
Thanks, that's all I need for the train for now. Are there any interesting attractions in the town centre?|We have lots of architecture, colleges and museums. Do you have a preference?
Nope, any will be fine. I just need an entrance fee and phone number for one.|Okay, you can try Great Saint Mary's Church. Admission is 2 Pounds. Their phone number is 01223350914. Can I help you with anything else?
No. that will be all. good bye.|Have a great day!
Any trains from stansted airport?|The next train to be leaving from Stansted Airport is at 5:24 on Friday. It will get to Cambridge at 5:52.
I need a train that leaves on Sunday.|There's a train that leaves Stansted airport at 08:24 and gets to Cambridge at 8:52. I can look up an earlier or later one if you prefer
I just need to arrive by 19:15, so could you find one closer to that time, please?|Train TR1008 will arrive by 08:52. Should I get you tickets for that one?
Could you tell me how long that train ride is?|That ride takes exactly 28 minutes.
Are there any swimming pools in the area?|There is one pool called the Parkside Pools on Gonville place. Will that work?
Think I will take a dip there, can you let me know if there is an entrance fee?|The entrance fee is not available online at the moment. The phone number is 01223446100 if you'd like to call and check. Can I help you with anything else?
no, that's it. thanks for your help!|You're welcome, have a great day.
I'm feeling adventurous and would love to get recommendations about places to visit in the South|There's a lot to do in the south. There's a cinema, entertainment, museum, nightclub, park, and theatre. What sounds good to you?
Maybe we can do a picnic in the park. Can you tell me about what's available?|How about wandlebury country park that is located in the south park of town? It is also free.
That sounds great, thank you. I'm also looking on information on trains arriving from cambridge by 15:15.|Okay and what day would you like to travel?
I would like to travel to london kings cross on friday.|Your best bet would be the TR3685 which leaves Cambridge on Friday at 13:00 and gets to London Kings Cross at 13:51.
Perfect. Thank you for your help today.|My pleasure.  Can I help you with something else?
No thank you.|you're welcome. i hope you'll have a wonderful and adventurous picnic. Goodbye
Hello I need a train to Bishops Stortford please|What day and time will you be traveling?
I will be traveling on Thursday and would like to leave after 16:30.|The first train after 16:30 is TR6673 which leaves at 17:29 and will arrive in Bishops Stortford at 18:07. Would you like me to book this train for you?
No thanks. No need to book. But, can you tell me the price for the ticket?|The price is 10.10 pounds.
Thank you. I also need the phone number for an attraction called great saint mary's church.|great saint mary's church's phone number is 01223350914. Is there anything else I can do for you?
Can I get the address also please?  That will help a lot!  Thanks so much!|Their address is market square. How else can I help?
that isenough for today. thank you for helping|You are most welcome. I hope you have a wonderful time on your trip to cambridge. Goodbye!
I am going to Cambridge and I want to travel home by train.|What day would you like to travel?
I would like to leave on Wednesday after 16:00 and go to Norwich.|The first train leaving after 16:00 is TR6838. It leaves at 16:36 and will arrive at 17:55. Will that fit your needs?
That sounds perfect, can you let me know the price per ticket on that?|It is 17.60 pounds. Would you like me to book it for you?
Yes please. Thank you so much!|Okay your booking was successful and your reservation number is SAAOOKI0.
I am also interested in places to go in town. I would like to find an entertainment attraction in the east of town. Do you have any suggestions?|I've got two for you.  The Cherry Hinton Hall and Grounds or the Funky Fun House. Would you like more information on one or both?
Can I get the postcode for the funky fun house?|the postcode is cb58hy. anything else?
Thanks. The train and attraction are all I need today. I appreciate your help. Goodbye.|You're welcome! Have a great day!
I'm interested in finding theatres in the centre, if any.|There are 4 theatres in the centre of town. May I recommend ADC Theatre on Park Street?
Sure may I have the address, postcode and phone number please?|The ADC Theatre is located on Park Street, postcode cb58as, and the phone number is 01223300085.
Awesome! Thanks! I will also be needing a train to leave Cambridge. Can you also help with that?|There are a lot of trains departing cambridge throughout the day and night. What is your destination and what time would you like to arrive by?
I need a train to cambridge. Get me one that arrives by 13:00|There are over 500 results. Where are you leaving from? And what day?
I will be going to Ely on Thursday.|too many options to choose from, can you please help narrow them down?
i am leaving peterborough|Are you going to cambridge or ely? You've said both.
I am going to Cambridge and should arrive by 13:00. Can you book for 3 people leaving Wednesday from Peterborough? Also need information on Clare College.|I still have 14 trains.  Arriving at :09 and :38 every hour starting at 06:09 and the last is at 12:38.  Which one do you want?
I'd like one that arrives by 13:00 on wednesday.|They all do. Which train would you like?
Well pick pick the one that leaves the latest but arrives by 13:00 and book for 3 people.|all set! Reference # is EH4ICTHP. Anything else today?
Yes, I need information on clare college.|clare college is a college located in the west
Can I also have the address and entrance fee?|Clare College is on Trinity Lane. The entrance fee is 2.50 pounds. Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
No, that is all for today.|great, have a good day!
I need to find a swimming pool in the north.|There are 2 swimming pools in the north, jesus green outdoor pool and kings hedges learner pool. Which one would you like more information on?
Kings Hedges sounds good, what postcode are they in? And do they have an entrance fee?|Kings Hedges Learner Pool is in postcode cb42xh. Their entrance fee is a bit of a mystery, however, I don't have any firm numbers. Can I help with anything else?
Yes, I need some information about a restaurant called pizza express.|Certainly! What information specifically are you looking for?
I'd like to know if I can book a reservation for 7 people at 18:00 monday.|Were you looking for a booking at Pizza Express or Pizza Express Fen Ditton?  They are both in the centre of town.
Either one will work, I just need to book for 7 people at 18:00 on monday?|The booking was not successful. Would you like to try another day/time?
How about 17:00?|I've got you booked at 17:00 for 7 at Pizza Express.
Great I also need a taxi that will get me from the pool to the restaurant by 17:00.|I was able to book that taxi for you. Be looking for a red Toyota. If you need to reach them, please contact 07360365370. Is there anything else?
Great that was all I needed today, thank you!|Thank you for using our service. Have a wonderful evening. Goodbye.
i want to do things around town.|Sure, what did you have in mind?
I would like to find a college to visit.|Are you planning on visiting a particular part of town?
No, know of an interesting one?|We're a very academic city and have 18 colleges in our community. There is St. John's College in the city center. Would you like more information about it?
Yes, please. Can I get their phone number and the entrance fee?|Let me go ahead and look that up for you.
Okay, thanks.|Their phone number is 01223338600 and the entrance fee is 2.50
Thanks so much. Can you also help me find a place to stay at?|absolutely. would you like a hotel or guesthouse? and in what area would you like?
I want a hotel with free wifi. I don't care about free parking or a specific area.|Will you need parking?
No, I won't have a car, so parking isn't important.|I have 9 hotels available.  Do you have a preference for price range or star rating?
I would prefer a 4 star hotel please.|Okay. How about the university arms hotel? It meets your criteria and is also located in the city centre so you won't have to travel far to the attraction
Yes, can you book it for 8 people with 4 nights starting on Sunday.|Your reservation for 4 at the University Arms Hotel this Sunday for 5 days 4 nights was successful. Your Reference number is : HUVQF1WY. Anything else I can help you with
I'm going to need a taxi from the college back to the hotel as well.|Ok. I will need to know either the time you want to leave the college or the time you want to arrive back at the hotel.
I want to leave the college by 24:00, and can I get the contact number and car type please so I don't get in the wrong car?|Your taxi is booked. Be on the look-out for a blue Tesla. The contact numbers is 07533928216.
Since you booked the taxi yourself, is there anything else I can do for you?|Yes, it seems our roles have been mixed up.  I think everything has been satisfied.  Thanks for all the help and customer service :)
Can you help me find a place in town?|What type of place would you like to find?
I am looking for a theatre and need the address and area.|The ADC Theatre is a great option. It's located in the centre and the address is Park Street. Would you like any other information?
Thank you. I am also looking for a train going to Cambridge that will be leaving on Saturday.|We have several, you got a departure site, or time you want to leave or arrive by?
I'm leaving from bishops stortford after 11:45|TR0275 departs at 13:29. Would you like a ticket?
No, I just needed the number and time. Thank you!|Would that be all for today or would you need assistance with something else?
No that is all. Thank you.|Have a great trip!
Thank you, goodbye.|Contact us if you need help with anything else.
I'm looking for a place to see, can you help?|I certainly can.  Is there a type of attraction that interests you?
I'm interested in the mumford theatre.|It's located at anglia ruskin enterprise, east road in the centre of town. The phone number is 08451962320 and the postcode is cb11pt. Do you need more help?
I am also looking for a hotel called the Aylesbray Lodge guest house near by.|The aylesbray lodge is on 5 mowbray road. Would you like me to make you a reservation?
what type of hotel is it?|it is a guest house
Do they have internet?|Yes they have free internet.
Great. Thank you for all the information. I appreciate it. I think that's it for today. Thanks and goodbye.|Glad to have helped.
looking for a train. The train should arrive by 13:00 and should go to cambridge|Yes sure. Could you tel me where you are departing from and when?
I would be going to cambridge from london liverpool street.|What day are you traveling?
I will be leaving on thursday, can I get the departure time, train ID and price?|Your train is TR0998 and will be an 88 minute ride
can you tell me the departure time and price please?|Departure time is 09:39, arrives in cambridge at 11:07. The fare is 16.60
I'm looking for something to do in the west part of town while I'm there.|The west area has many colleges, museums, and one entertainment called Whale of a Time. Do you have a preference?
I'm not sure. What do you recommend?|Does the entrance fee matter? If you are looking for some thing free, there is the museum of classical archaeology. If your budget allows, there's queens' college.
Lets go with the free option please.|Okay! Do you need any information about that museum?
No, as long as it is free.  Thank you. Goodbye.|goodbye too, enjoy yourself
I'd like to find an attraction to visit. Something in the west.|Okay, what type of attraction would you like to see?
I would like to see a theater.|I don't show any listings for theaters in the west would you like to search for another attraction?
am also looking for a restaurant. The restaurant should serve south african food and should be in the moderate price range|Unfortunately there are no restaurants that serve South African dishes on the West side, would you like me to try a different side of town?
How about one that serves South African food?|Unfortunately there are no restaurants that serve South African dishes on the West side, would you like me to try a different side of town?
no but how about one that serves british food.|The Saint Johns Chop House is moderately priced, serves British cuisine, as in the west part of town.  Shall I book this for you?
Yes, can you please book this for me?|How many people and what day?
I'm not ready to book yet. Can I get the phone number, postcode, and address, please?|The address for Saint Johns Chop House is 21 - 24 Northampton Street, cb30ad. The phone number is 01223353110. Is there anything else that I can assist you with?
Yes I need an attraction in the west. Anyone will do. Whatever you recommend.|clare hall is a college with free admission. Their number is 01223332360.
I also need a south african restaurant.|I am sorry none are listed in that area, something else perhaps?
Is there a restaurant in the west that serves British food?|Yes, Saint Johns Chop House is available. Would you like to book a table?
Not at this time. Can you give me the phone number, address and postcode, please?|Saint Johns Chop House is located at 21-24 Northampton Street, postcode cb30ad. You can reach them by phone at 01223353110. Can I help you find anything else today?
That is all, thanks.|I am glad to have helped.
I'm looking for a hotel in the expensive price range. Internet is not necessary.|We have 5 hotels that meet your request.  Is there a specific area you'd like to stay in?
I need a place in the east, please.|That would be express by holiday inn cambridge. Would you like to book that?
Um, no thank you. I think that's all I need for today!|Thank you for using our service.  Have we met all of your needs?
No, actually I do need to book the Holiday Inn Cambridge as long as it has free wifi.|The holiday inn cambridge has internet but I do not have any information on whether or not it is wifi or free.
Can we go ahead and book that for 5 people for 3 nights starting on Saturday?|Okay, I have you booked for three nights starting on Saturday.  Your reference number is PDMS5WA1.
Thanks, do you know of any colleges near the hotel?|Unfortunately I'm not finding any colleges near the hotel on the east side of town. Would you like me to expand my search to another area?
How about a swimming pool in the same area?|Yes! The Abbey Pool and Astroturf Pitch is on the east side of town, at pool way, whitehill road, off newmarket road. Can I help with anything else?
Can I get the entrance fee and phone number for the Abbey Pool please?|Their phone number is 01223902088, and their entrance fee is not listed in our system at this time.
Ok. That's all I need then.|Great. Thank you very much for contacting Cambridge Towninfo Centre. Have a great day.
Find me places to go in town. I want to go to museum type attractions.|I have 11 museum type locations in the city centre, would you care to see a listing?
Can you give me the phone number to the closest one to my location?|Yes the phone number is 01223314960.
I also need a train to Cambridge departing from Kings Lynn|What day are you leaving?
I am wanting to leave on Sunday after 18:30.|I have the TR1526 leaving at 09:11. How many ticket please?
Oh, I'm not gonna book right now. Do you know how long the trip will take?|that trip will take 47 minutes. anything else today?
No thank you|If that's all, then I hope you enjoy your time in Cambridge! Have a great day.
I am interested in the Express by Holiday Inn - Cambridge.|it is located in the east and 2 star rated. has both internet and parking. it is expensive. you can reach them on 01223866800.its postal code is cb13Ih located in 15-17 norman way coldharms business park
I want to book 3 nights there, please.|How many people and on what day?
Three days starting from Saturday, for 6 people.|The booking was successful.
Your reference number is : 4LQXEJ9H.  Is there anything else I can do to assist you today?
Can you tell me a little bit of info on the Cambridge Corn Exchange? It's supposed to be an attraction place or something.|It's a theatre in the centre of town on wheeler street, postcode cb23qe. The phone number is 01223357851 and the entrance fee is unknown. Do you need anything else?
What type of attraction is this?  Maybe I'll call them and find out the entrance fee.|The Cambridge Corn Exchange is a theatre.
Thank you for your time!|Yeah, you are welcome.I was happy to help.
I wanted to visit the restaurant named La Raza, could you tell me the hours it is open, and if I should try to book a reservation?|Sure, I can find that information for you.  I can also book a reservation for you if you have a certain time you wanted to go?
What type of food does La Raza serve? And what area is it in?|La Raza is a Spanish restaurant in the city center.
Thanks a lot. I am also looking for places to go to in the centre of town.|Sure, there are many things to do in the center of town, colleges, architecture, museums, theater. Do you have a preference?
I don't really have a preference, what would you suggest? I'm kind of new to town.|Can I suggest the man on the moon it is a wonderful concerthall.
That sounds great. Can I get their phone number and postcode please?|Sure the phone is 01223474144 and the postcode is cb12lf.
Thank you very much, you've been very helpful.|Thank you have a nice day.
I want a train that departs from bishops stortford on Thursday.|I can find that train for you. What time would you like to depart?
I don't care when I depart as long as I make it to Cambridge by 20:45.|I have eight trains matching your preferences.  Would you like me to book TR0060 that arrives at 20:07?
Yes please, book it for 2 people and provide me with the reference number if you don't mind.|Your all ready to go! Reference number is Mh4TQ7KB. Anything else I can help you with today?
Yes, can you provide some information about Gonville and Caius College?|Of course, so this college is located on trinity street in the centre. Anything else you needed to know about this place?
The attraction type is college? I think that's all the information that I needed, thanks.|I have found gonville and college. It is free to get in.
Thanks, that's all I need today. I appreciate your help.|Thank you, Goodbye.
I am looking for a place to dine that serves Indian food. I would like a place in the expensive price range.|Curry garden is available, would you like to try that?
Is Curry Garden in the west? I kind of want something in that area.|No, there is Tandoori Palance on 68 Histon Road Chesterton. Phone 0122350655.
What part of town is Tandoori Palance located in?|That is located in the west. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, I am also Interested in finding a college to visit in the west.  Can you help with that?|There are 5 colleges in that area. Three are free and two have an entrance fee. Clare Hall and Magdalene are free. Do those suit your needs?
Pick the best one and provide the address, number and postcode.|I recommend Clare Hall, a college in the west part of town. The phone number is 01223332360. The address is Herschel Rd, and postcode is cb39al.
I need a taxi to get from the restaurant to the college, can you find one for me?|Absolutely. What time would you like to it to pick you up?
I'll be leaving by 3:15.|I have booked your taxi. Be expecting a red Tesla. Their phone number in case you need it is 07950107979. Anything else I can help with?
No, that will be all for today. Thank you.|You're welcome, have a nice day.
Can you help me find a train that leaves Cambridge after 9:45 PM? Thanks.|I can help with that. What is the destination and what day would you like to travel?
I am going to Bishops Storford on Wednesday.  I actually need to leave after 21:45 though.|I do not have any trains that match your request.
That's disappointing. Can you recommend a taxi or bus service?|I can set you up for bus TR9984, they leave at 23:29 and the price is 10.10 pounds, are you Ok with that?
Okay. Can you also tell me about a museum to go to in the centre?|Of course, there are actually eleven to choose from.
Can you make recommendation?|I like the Museum of Archaelogy and Anthropology.  It is located at the University of Cambridge.
Thank you, can I have the post code for that museum.|Yes, the postcode is cb23dz, can I assist with anything else?
That is all I needed.  Thanks!|You're welcome. Have a great day.
I need to take a train to cambridge on tuesday.|ok, what are your travel times?
It doesn't matter when I leave, as long as the train arrives in Cambridge by 17:45|May I please get your place of departure?
I'm going to be leaving birmingham new street and need to arrive by 17:45|Okay. The TR0749 meets your criteria. Would you like to make a booking?
Not at this time but can you also find me an architecture attraction in the centre of town.|I'd recommend all saints church. Would you like more information on it?
Please give me the telephone number,email address, address and admission fee for All Saint Church?|They offer free entrance. They are located on Jesus Lane. Phone number is 0122345287. Unfortunately, they do not provide us with email addresses. Anything else I can help with?
No, that will be all. Thank you!|You're welcome. Thank you for using our services. Have a great day!
I'm looking for a nice expensive restaurant to dine in aat the centre of town.|Sure, we have many. Are you looking for a certain type of food?
I am not. I do want a table for 5 at 17:30 on Thursday though.|I made you a reservation for Kymmoy. Your reference number is 1PO9X49Z.
Great, can you also help me find a place to visit, like a park?|on what area are you looking for the attraction?
Are there any parks I could visit?|There are five parks to choose from. Would you prefer to visit the centre, south, north, or east?
The location isn't important, maybe just something near the restaurant.  I just need the park's address and I would like to know of any entrance fees.|Wadlebury County Park is in the south side of town.  It is located at  wandlebury ring, gog magog hills, babraham. There is no entrance fee.
Thank you very much, that's all I needed!|You are very welcome! Have a nice day!
Can you recommend some cantonese food in Cambridge please?|Unfortunately it looks like we don't have any cantonese food.
That's a bummer. Thank you anyways.|welcome.if you can change the type of food we can find a nice place.
Would you happen to have one in the centre that serves spanish food?|I have the la tasce which is moderate priced and the la raza which is cheap. Would you like to book one today?
I would like to book at the la tasce for sunday.|I can help you with that. How many people in your party, and at what time?
There are 3 in my party. I would like to book for Sunday at 19:00 Can you make a reservation, please?|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.Reference number is : 3X53NZ1B. anything else you could like to know?
Okay I'd like to find a museum to visit also.  Can you get me a nice place, along with the postcode, entrance fee and area it's in?|The cambridge and county folk museum is nice and the entry fee in 3.50 pounds. Does that work for you?
Yes, what area is it in? I'd also like to get the postcode.|It's in the west. The postcode is cb30aq. Can I help you with anything else today?
I also need a taxi to leave the museaum and arrive at the restaurant by 19:00|I booked a taxi for you, it will be a grey audi
thanks for helping me. that is all i needed|Happy to help! Feel free to reach out again if you need anything else
While in Cambridge I am looking for a college in the centre of town please.|There are 13 colleges in the centre of town, did you have a particular one you were interested in?
No I don't have a preference.|Okay, we've got christ's college on	saint andrew's street  at 01223334900.  Will there be anything else?
I am also looking for a train that departs from cambridge. I'd like it to arrive by 18:15.|Yes, I can help you with that. The first train leaves at 05:00 on Friday and the last one departs at 13:00, do you have a preference?
Yes. I would like the train to depart from Cambridge and arrive by 18:15.|What would your destination be?
saint andrew street|I'm sorry, but I don't understand. Can you please restate your request?
Yes, I need a train from cambridge to bishops stortford on Tuesday. I need to arrive by 18:15.|Thank you. TR2153 will depart cambridge at 17:29 on tuesday, arriving at bishops stortford at 18:07. Will that work?
That should work thank you very much|How many tickets do you need?
Can I get tickets for 5 people?|Sure. Your reference number is KOPBB0EL. Anything else I can do for you today?
No, that will be all. Thank you!|You're quite welcome! We hope you've found this service useful and wish you a wonderful rest of your day.
i am looking for places to go in town. The attraction should be in the type of college and should be in the centre.|how about christ's college? it has free admission.
Where are they located?|It's located on saint andrew's street, in postcode cb23bu.
Would you happen to have the phone number?|Their phone number is 01223334900. Can I help with anything else?
I am also looking for a place to stay. The hotel should be in the south and should be in the type of guesthouse.|There are three guesthouses to choose from in the south. Do you have a preference about price range or star rating?
How about a moderate price range and a star rating of three?|The bridge guesthouse meets that criteria, would you like me to book you or just give you some info?
Yes please.  Can I get that for 2 nights for 6 people starting on Friday?|Sure! Booking was successful.
Reference number is : IT4WKA6J. Is there anything else you need?
I also need a taxi to commute. I need to leave the hotel by 15:30.|Booking completed!
Booked car type	:blue BMW
Contact number	:07261500533     What else can I do for you today?
Thank you, That will be all.|I hope everything works out well.
Thank you goodbye|You're welcome. Have a wonderful day!
Can you help me find a church in Cambridge? I think it's called Holy Trinity Church.|Holy trinity church is located in the centre of town, they have free admission.
Ok. Thanks.  That works.|Your welcome, is there anything else I can help you with?
I am looking for a place to dine that is cheap and located in the city center.|Sure, I can help you with that.  Was there a type of cuisine you were looking for?
Chinese food. Actually Cantonese food.|I have no Cantonese restaurants, but I can definitely help you with a Chinese restaurant.
I'm not interested in Chinese. What about Mediterranean?|Yes, we have The Gardenia. Would you like me to make a booking for you?
Yes. Please book me a table for 8  at 13:30 on Monday.|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Reference number is : EBC4APKQ.
Thank you that is all I needed today.|Great, thanks for your business in Cambridge and i hope you enjoy your stay.
Have a nice day.|Enjoy your dinner.
I need a train leaving on Friday.|Where are you departing from and what is your destination?
The train should depart from cambridge and should go to ely.|Is there a particular time you'd like to leave?
I would like to leave on Friday and should arrive by 08:15.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 4.4 GBP payable at the station .
Reference number is : 57E550PF.
I'd like to visit a theatre.|There are 5 theaters in Cambridge most of which are in the centre of town. Would you like information on one of those?
Yes please. I'll need postcodes as well.|The Junction is in the south, cb17gx. The other 4 are in centre. ADC theatre, cb58as. Cambridge Arts Theatre, cb23pj. Mumford Theatre, cb11pt. And The Cambridge Corn Exchange, cb23qe.
Thank you. Can you help me find a place to dine that is in the centre and serves asian oriental?|Yes I have several. Do you have a price preference?
Yes, I'm looking for something inexpensive. Can you list those in the cheaper price range?|Yes, there are two options:  Dojo Noodle Bar and J Restaurant.  Would you like to book one?
Let's try Dojo Noodle Bar for 7 on Wednesday at 14:30.|Ok, I have made a reservation at Dojo noodle bar for 7 on Wednesday at 14:30
Awesome. Could I have the reference number, please?|The booking was unsuccessful for that time, can we try another time that works for you?
Maybe fifteen minutes earlier?|No, I'm afraid it's still not available.  Would you like to try a new time?
Let's try 13:30 please.|That booking was successful. The reference number is 8MO0T711.
I will need to also book a taxi from to the restaurant.|I'm sorry, what is your destination and departure site?
I need to go from the theatre and arrive at the restaurant by 13:30. Could I get the contact number and vehicle type please?|Could you please tell me what theatre option you have chosen?
The Junction is the theater I chose.|Okay, I went ahead and booked that for you. You will be in a red volkswagen, and the contact number is 07277320157. Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
No, I think you have covered it all.  Thank you.|You're welcome. Have a nice day!
I need to book a train leaving cambridge on thursday can you help me?|Absolutely! To help narrow your search, where would you like to arrive at?
I need to arrive no later than 18:30.|We have quite a few trains that fit that criteria, what destination do you have in mind?
Can you find me one that will arrive in Norwich please|I have a train that arrives at 17:55, if that's acceptable?
Yes that would be fine what is the price?|The price is 17.60. Would you like me to book that for you/
I'm also looking for things to do in the centre, would it be possible to get phone numbers for the various attractions?|All saints church 01223452587, great saint mary's church 01223350914, pembroke college 01223338100
Okay, that's all I needed. Thank you!|you're welcome. thank you for using our sysyem.
Have a great day!|Thanks, you too!
Hi, can you help me with some trip planning?  I could use some suggestions for places to go in town.|I can definitely help you with that.  Is there a specific type of attraction you are interested in or section of the city you were looking at?
I'm looking for a theatre in any part of the city. Can you recommend one?|There is the Mumford theatre, it is located at Anglia Ruskin Enterprise, East Road in the Centre area.
That sounds good, I like that. Could you tell me what the postcode is please?|the postcode is cb11pt
I would also like to book at a guest house named Aylesbray Lodge, starting Monday.|I'm starting to book your reservation at Aylesbray Lodge starting on Monday, how many days will you be staying?
I will be staying for 3 nights.|OK, and how many people will be staying in the room?
2 people, is that fails then try 1 night. Please provide the reference number.|Booking was successful.
Reference number is : WYO54VCI.
anything else?
No that will be all. Thank you!|Happy to assist.
I'm grateful for your services.|Ok, hope you have a wonderful time.  Thank you, goodbye.
Can you help me find a museum?|Certainly! There are 23 great museums to visit. Are you looking for a specific area of town?
Not really. Which is your favorite?|My favorite is the Williams Art and Antiques. They are in the centre of town and offer free entrance. Would you like more information on it?
Yes adress and phone number please|The address is gwydir street, no. 5 dale's brewery, phone number is 01223311687. Anything else I can help you with?
I'm also looking for a train that goes to Cambridge on Thursday.|Where are you leaving from? Is there a specific arrival or departure time that you need?
I am leaving from Broxbourne and should arrive by 21:30|Is there a certain time you would like to leave?
no book  for 4 people and get the reference number|Booking was successful, the total fee is 94.4 GBP payable at the station .
Reference number is : D06EZBWG.
Thank you for your help.|You're welcome! Can I help you with anything else?
That is all I will need. Thank you.|Have a good trip!
I planning a trip to Cambridge toward the west side I would like information on the entertainment in this part of the town .|We have Whale of a Time in the west. Would you like any information on this attraction?
Yes, how much is the entrance fee?|Unfortunately I do not have access to that info.
That is unfortunate. Could you provide me with their phone number so I can ask them myself?|Not a problem! You can call them at 01954781018! Sorry about that!
It's alright. I'm also looking for a train that leaves on Thursday from Cambridge. I'm trying to get to Stansted Airport by 08:30.|There are three possible trains that meet your criteria. Would you like to depart at 05:40, 06:40, or 07:40?
It doesn't matter. Let's take the 5:40.|Perfect. Just one ticket? The cost will be 10.10 pounds.
I actually need 8, I'm taking my family with me.|Booking was successful for TR7966, the total fee is 80.8 GBP payable at the station.  Your eference number is : NT1R53H8. Can I help with anything else?
That's all I needed. Thank you!|I'm glad I could be of service, have a good day.
You, too! Goodbye!|Goodbye and hope to see you again.
Hi, I can't wait to see some of your local tourist attractions.  Can you help me with some places to go?|Do you have any preferences in the attraction types?
No, but I want it to be located in the south.|Might I suggest The Place nightclub?
That sounds good. Give me the phone and postcode please.  I'm also looking for expensive european food.  Can you make some suggestions?|The Place is at 22 Sidney Street cb23hg. 01223324600 is their phone number. That place is poppin'. Can I help you with anything else?
Can you book a reservation for me?|I'm sorry they don't take reservations. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Alright how about a place to dine. I'd like an expensive European restaurant.|There are 5 options that meet your criteria. Would you like to narrow it down by area?
Any place is fine, can you just book one for 1 person at 13:00 at thursday?|Booking for Eraina European restaurant has been completed. Your table will be reserved for 15 minutes, reference number 50SV3WDZ. Can I help with anything else?
Can I get a taxi from The Place to the Eraina restaurant by 13:00?|i got you a grey audi that will pick you up.
May I please get the drivers contact number?|Contact number is 07648143241.
All set.  Thanks.|You're welcome, and have a great day!
I'm looking for a moderately priced hotel that includes free wifi.|Ok, I have 17 options for you. What area are you looking for?
Are there any in the South?|I have two in the south in your price range. One is a 4 star guesthouse and the other is a 3 star guesthouse. Would you like more information?
Can you let me know the postcode and phone number of the 4 star guesthouse?|Sure! The postcode and phone number are 01223240089 and 01223240089.
Thanks so much.  I am also looking for a museum I could visit.|Sure, I can help you find one.  Is there a certain part of town you were looking to visit?
Something in the north, please.|I'm sorry. I'm not finding any matching attractions. Would you like to try a different area?
Wait, I'm staying in the south, that would make more sense.  How about a museum in the south?|Great there's the byard art museum there!
Can I have the phone number, postcode and address please?|Byard Art is located at 14 king's parade. The post code is 01223464646. You can reach them at 01223464646.
Awesome, that covers it all.  You were very helpful.|You're welcome! Have a great day.
Good Morning, I am planning a trip to Cambridge.  Can you help me with that?|I sure can. Are you looking for a hotel or guesthouse to stay in while you visit?
Actually, I am looking for the cambridge arts theatre. What area is that in?|The Cambridge Arts Theatre is a great theatre in the center of town.
Great!   Can you help me find a place to stay with free parking and wifi?|I have 29 results for places to stay with free wifi and parking, is there a particular area you'd like to stay in?
I don't have a location preference, just so long as its a 4 star place.|I would recommend the Acorn Guest House.  It is a 4-star facility.
Can you please book it for 5 people for 3 nights starting on Friday? Also, I will need the reference number for that.|Your booking was successful. Your reference number is 1FNJFLCY.
Thank a lot for your help. That is all.|You are welcome, glad to be of assistance.  Have a great day.  Bye.
I would like to find a museum to go to located in the centre. Can you help me?|There are, surprisingly, eleven museums in the centre of town. Looks like all of them are free. Is there specific you want to see?
Nothing specific.Recommend one and send me their phone number.|I would recommend Broughton House Galley. Here is their phone number: 01223314960
Thanks so much. I am also looking for a place to dine. Can you help me?|Yes, I can help you. What type of food are you interested in?
I don't care, just something good in the same area as Broughton House is.  Try and stay in the moderate price range though.|Which area was that again?
The centre please. Could you tell me the phone number and food type?|Of course. I'd recommend Cotto. They serve British food. The phone number is 01223302010. Can I help with anything else today?
Great, thank you. No that will be all for today, I appreciate all your help!|Are you sure you don't want me to book the restaurant for you?
No thank you.|Alright, you take care then!
I would like to try an expensive, italian place while visiting cambridge.|I have 5 of them. 4 in the centre area and one in the south. Would you like more information?
Staying in the centre would be more convenient. What are my choices?|How about caffe uno or don pasquale pizzeria?
I love pizza that will work can I get the address?|The address to Don Pasquale Pizzeria is 12 Market Hill at City Centre. Would you like the phone number too?
That's perfect, could you book me a table for 4 at 16:15 on Friday?|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Reference number is : DDLKGEVP.
can you suggest any attractions in the same area? I need the entrance fee if any and attraction type|we have a lovely architecture called all saints church it is free admission
That's all I needed.  Thanks!|You are welcome. I was happy to assist you.
Yeah you were great. I will be sending your supervisor a compliment about you.|Thank you for using our system today!
i need a 4 star place to stay which should include free wifi.|Okay, and what is your price range?
I need some place cheap. Thanks|I have many options for you. What part of town do you want to stay in?
I don't care, book it for 6 people and 2 nights starting from friday|I have you booked for the Autumn house, the reference number is ACW41WKC, anything else that I can assist with?
Thanks. I also want info on concert halls in the south.|I am sorry but there is only one concerthall which is in the centre. Do you want the contact information or do you want a different type of attraction?
Let's try a cinema in the south instead then|What about Cineworld Cinema? Would you like more information?
Yes, please tell me the phone number, postcode, and entrance fee.|The address is cambridge leisure park, clifton way, the postcode is cb17dy and the phone number is 00872208000.
I need a taxi. I want to leave the cinema at 13:30 and go to the hotel. Please give me car type and contact info|You will be picked up by a blue Honda and the contact number is 07712234271.  Can I help with anything else?
No, that will be all. Thanks.|Thank you and enjoy your stay in our lovely city!
Hi, I'm looking for some information about places to go in Cambridge.|Sure, what type of attraction are you interested in?
I would like to see architecture and need the area, address and entrance fee.|How about old schools? It is located in the centre area.
Great. Let me get the address and entrance fee please. I see it's in the centre.|Old Schools is located on Trinity Lane and there is no entrance fee. It is completely free. Do you need help with anything else today?
I'm looking for someplace in the center to stay as well|I have 5 locations in the centre of town. Do you have a price range?
Anything with a 0 star rating? I want a super trashy place|Well, we have two options that meet your needs. El Shaddai is a cheap guesthouse and Cityroomz is a moderately-priced hotel. Both in the Centre. Would you like more information?
Does it have free parking?|Both offer free internet. El Shaddai also offers free parking. Cityroomz unfortunately does not offer parking.
Okay, let me book El Shaddai for 5 night starting Sunday for 4 people.|It's all booked for you.  Your reference number is TRQIT249.  Can I help you with anything else?
Yes, could you book a taxi for me too?|I would be happy to book a taxi for you.  Can you tell me when you will need it and your departure and destination address.
I will need to leave the attraction by 14:00.|Booking completed! A white lexus will be picking you up. Their Contact number is :07141789693.  Do you need anything else today?
Great thank you! That will be all!|Have a great day!
I am wondering if you have any information on a place called Gallery at Twelve a high street?|Yes, I do. They are a museum located in the east of town. They offer free admission. Their address is on Fulbourn. Did you need any additional information?
No thank you. That is great. Thank you!|Glad I could help!
Are there any trains that travel from Cambridge to Stevenage?|Yes! There are a lot, actually. When would you like to take the train?
I would like the train to leave on Saturday after 14:15.|The train TR8813 leaves cambridge on Saturday at 15:21 and arrives at 16:10. Would you like to book a seat?
Yes please book that for 7 people.|Ok it has been booked the total fee is 1.68 GBP and reference number is L192G86J
Thank you for your help.|Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No that would be it. Thank you for your help!|Enjoy your trip! Goodbye.
Hello, I'm looking for a hotel to stay that is in the moderate price range with free wifi.|I have 3 hotels that are moderately priced with free wifi.  Ashley hotel or Lovell Lodge in the North and CityRoomz in the centre.
I would prefer a 4 star hotel, are any of those three rated 4 stars?|They are not. Would you like me to look for hotels in a certain area?
I would like to stay in the centre part of town.|I am sorry but there are no hotels in the center of town matching your request. Would you like try a different part of town, price range, or star rating.
Can you check the north part of town?|I have seven places in the north. Would you like me to book one?
Can you let me know if one of them has free parking, the hotel type of it, and the postcode?|There are six entries that fit your criteria in the nborth area, any other preferences?
Which one would you recommend?|How about the ashley hotel? Moderately priced and located in the north.
Sounds good! I also need to find a college in town. Can you help?|Sure! There are 18, any specific area?
I would prefer the same area as the hotel.|I'm sorry, there are none in the North, would you like to try a different area?
Sure, I'd like to explore other areas of town. Any recommendations?|How does Christ's College sound? It's in the city centre and is free to visit.
Thanks! Can I have the address and phone number please?|The phone number is 01223334900 and the address is  saint Andrews street.
Thank you!  One last thing:  I need a taxi to commute from the hotel to the college, please.|What time do you want that trip to be?
I'm going to leave the hotel by 19:15.|Excellent, I have booked you a blue honda for 19:15. The contact number is 07956367561. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No thank you. That was all I  needed. Goodbye.|I'm happy to have helped, good day.
I am looking for information for Warkworth House.|Certainly. The Warkworth House is a 4 star, moderately priced guesthouse located in the east area. The address is Warkworth Terrace, postcode cb11ee. The phone number is 01223363682.
Thank you. Does this guesthouse provide internet?|Yes, would you like me to book a stay for you today?
Right now I am just gathering information. What is it's price range, star of the hotel, and also is internet available?|It is moderately priced, 4 stars, and internet is available.
I'd also love to go to a swimming pool. Can you find me one?|In the same area, you'll find the Abbey Pool and Astroturf Patch.
Oh thank you for that information.  Are they reasonable?|Unfortunately I do not know the price. You can call them at 01223902088 for more information.
Okay, and what is the address and phone number for the Abbey Pool?|The phone number is 01223902088 and the address is pool way, whitehill road, off newmarket road. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
I'd like you to book me a taxi from the Warkworth House to Abbey pool please.  I need to leave the hotel by 8:30.|I have a red ford contract number: 07657516003.  Is there anything else I can help you with?
That should be all. Thank you!|Great! Have a nice day! Goodbye!
I am hoping you can help me find a British restaurant at which to dine during my visit to Cambridge.|I have 11 results that match your preferences. What area of town will you be in?
I will be in the west and it needs to be moderately priced.|I have saint johns chop house. Would you like me to book a reservation for you today?
Yes please make a booking for 6 people at 14:45 on saturday,and I need the reference number when completed.|Okay, the book was successful. The reference number is OKAT9RPQ. Can I help you with anything else?
Sure, I need the address and postcode for an attraction called camboats.|The address for Camboats is the plough, green end, fen ditton and the postcode is cb58sx.
thank you that is all i need for today.|Thank you for using our system! Have a great trip!
What time of entertainment places are there in the center of town?|There are nightclubs and there are theatres.
Are there any swimming pools near by?|There is parkside pools at gonville place cb11ly in the centre.
Great, I'm assuming cb11ly is the postcode, may I also have the phone number there.|Yes the phone number is 01223446100
Thank you I also need a place to eat in the centre of town in the moderate price range.|There are 21 options, the first one is the yippee noodle bar located at 40428 King Street, City Centre. Will this work?
How about someplace with european food?|There are 4 restaurants located in the centre area serving European cuisine. Two are listed as serving modern European food. Would you like more information?
Could you recommend one for me, and give me the phone number and postcode?|I recommend Galleria, at 33 Bridge Street, cb21uw. Would you like to make a reservation there?
Yes, thank you.  Can you arrange a taxi for me to get there by 13:30?|Sure, I can do that. Where will you be departing?
I don't care about that right now.|I'm sorry, but I will need to know the departure site to be able to book this. From where will you be departing?
We will be leaving from the south side.|Where on the south side will you be leaving from so I can send the taxi to the correct location?
gonville place is from where I'll be departing|What is your departure time?
I need to leave the restaurant by 13:30 please.|Okay I was able to secure you a grey Toyota that will make sure you arrive by 13:30 and their contact number is 07542624633.
Great! That is all I need.|Thank you for using our services. Have all of your needs been met then?
Yes that's all. thanks for the help!|Great! Have a good day, goodbye.
i am looking for a place to stay. The hotel should include free parking and should be in the north part of town.|allenbell has free parking. Would you like a reservation?
Is it in the moderate price range?|I am not finding anything for allenbell that suit your needs
Then find me a place that DOES suit my needs.|How about home from home?  It is in the north, moderate pricing and free parking.
Is that a 4-star hotel?|It does not show how many stars it has. Shall i keep looking?
I'm fairly certain that it should show how many stars the hotel has.|I'm sorry, we actually don't have any hotels that fit your needs; however, Acorn Guest House meets your criteria.  Would you like to book that stay?
Okay, thank you! What is the star rating?|It has a rating of 4 stars.
That will do. Can you give me the information about the hotel?|acorn guest house is in the north with 4 	stars the # is 01223353888 postcode cb41da address 154 chesterton road
Sounds good.  Would you like me to make your reservation? if so, I'll need the dates you plan on staying.|Um, I should be asking you that. Would you like a booking?
Oh, silly me.  I used to be in customer service.  No, I don't need a reservation.  I am looking for places to go around there though.|What type of attraction are you looking at?
Any kind, whatever you recommend. It should be located in the north.|we have a variety
Any kind that you recommend, as long as it is located in the north. I just need to know the attraction type of the one you recommend. Please.|I understand you want one north. However, what type of entertainment are you searching for?
any that you can suggestfor me|We have a park, 2 swimming pools and a boat attraction in the north. Do any of those sound interesting to you?
Yes, please find more information on the park and boat attractions in the north.|Riverboat Georgina is the boat attaction. Milton County park is the park. Entrance to the park is free. What additional information can I provide?
that is enough for today thank you|You're very welcome! Have a lovely trip!
I would like to stay in a hotel that is moderately priced and includes free parking. Can you help?|Acorn guest house is available would you like to try that?
yes. can you please give me the address?|Certainly. Their address is 154 Chesterton Road, postcode cb41da. Can I help with anything else?
Can you tell me how many stars that guesthouse is and the area of town?|The Acorn Guesthouse is a 4 star guesthouse located in the North. Do you need more information or would you like to book a room?
I don't need to book at the moment, but I was interested in places to go in town.  What colleges are there to visit?|I have 18 different colleges. Do you have a certain area you would like?
Surprise me. I do need an address and the entrance fee.|christ's college at saint andrew's street and it's free.
What area is it in for reference?|Christ's College is located in the city centre.  Do you need any further information?
Nope, that's perfect. You've been very helpful.|Happy to help. Let us know if you need anything else. Thank you.
I really have a craving for some good chinese food. Can you suggest a place?|I sure can! We have 17 wonderful chinese places, is there a particular area or price range you have in mind?
I just need one that is moderately priced. Can you just recommend one and give me the phone number please?|The Golden Wok is sensational.  The phone number is 01223350688.  Can I help you with anything else today?
Could you recommend me some places to go that is in the centre?|Sure, did you have anything in mind? We have quite a few free options!
Oh anything would do really, just needs to be in the centre.|I enjoy The fez Club, it's a nightclub in the centre.  It has a 5 pound entrance fee.  Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Yes could I get the postcode of the nightclub?|Sure.  The postcode is cb23hx.
Okay thanks! That's all I needed to know!|Thank you, enjoy your stay in cambridge.
That is all I needed, thank you. Good bye.|Thank you for using our service.  have a good day!
Hello there! I need a train from stansted airport to cambridge.|Sure, I can help with that. There are a lot of trains to choose from. Did you have a travel day and time in mind?
The train should leave after 08:15 and should leave on sunday|There are 16 trains that travel during that time frame, do you have a specific time you'd like to arrive?
The earliest is better. Can you tell me what time it will arrive and the price?|Arrival time is at 08:52 and the cost is 8.08 GBP. Can I get a ticket for you?
I guess that is alright. Please book me.|The booking was successful your reference number is TJFPD155.
Can you also help me find an attraction on the west side of town?|Would you like visit Clare College? The entrance fee is 2.50 pounds.
Is that on the west side? If so then yes, I would like to also get a phone number for that attraction.|Clare College is in the west, their phone number is 01223333200. Anything else I can help you with today?
No, that will be all. Thank you.|Then you have a great trip. Thank you.
I'm looking for places in the centre of town to go to.|We have 44 listings for the centre of town.  Do prefer a particular attraction type?
I'm not really sure, can you tell me about some of them? And can you let me know their postcodes too please?|There is the Cambridge Punter which is boats and the poast code is cb41as and there is the vue cinema, postcode cb11ps.  Do either work for you?
I am not sure at the moment but I will keep them both in mind. I also need to book a train leaving on Monday.|I would be happy to help with your request, but I will need more information first. What is your destination and day of travel?
I'm going from cambridge to bishops stortford Monday and need to arrive by 14:00.|We have several trains matching that criteria, do you have a departure time?
I don't mind departure time so much. But I would like to arrive as close to 14:00 as possible. So whatever departure time that is.|How many people will be travelling with you?
It'll only be me. Can I get the price, train ID, and departure time as well?|Train TR6110 leaves at 13:00 and arrives at 13:51. It is 23.60 pounds. Would you like me to book it for you?
Yes that would be fine.|Okay, I have booked one ticket on TR6110, leaving at 13:00. The Reference number is I0AKM39A. Can I help with anything else?
That is all I needed for today. Thank you for your help!|You are very welcome. Enjoy your trip!
Please find a restaurant called Galleria.|galleria serves european food in the centre. It is of moderate price. Would you like a phone number or the address?
I think it would be great to try European food. Do you think they would accept a reservation for a party of 7?|Yes! Would you like to book a table?
Yes, for 7 people at 16:45 on Monday. I need a reference number. I need a taxi to commute also a place to visit as well as car type|Your table at Galleria is reserved, and your reference number is XM58B7FS. Now, let's see about your other needs - what type of place would you like to visit?
I'm also looking for a college to visit in the west.|There are 5 colleges in the west. The entrance fees are free or 2.50 pounds. Do you have a preference?
pick one that is free and give me the address and phone number|magdalene college is on magdalene street, and their number is 01223332138. What else can I help with?
I also need a taxi that will get me from the college to the restaurant by 16:45.|Booking completed!
Booked car type	:	black honda
Contact number	:	07095717275
Thank you. That's all I need for now.|Okay, you are welcome and enjoy your time in Cambridge!
I am looking for the Fitzwilliam Museum.|I'd be happy to give you more information on the Fitzwilliam Museum.  The address is trumpington street.  Do you need any additional information for this attraction?
Could you give me the exact postcode for the museum, please?|I sure can!  The postcode is cb21rb.  Is there anything else that I can help you with today?
Yes. I am also looking for a train to Cambridge. I am leaving from Broxbourne.|Train TR5570 is what you're looking for!
Ok, great!  Thank you very much for your help.|Is there anything else I can do for you today?
That is all! Thank you so much!|You're welcome. I hope you have a wonderful day! Goodbye.
I would like to go to a mutiple sports attraction in the north.|I'm really sorry about this but my computer doesn't show any sports attractions in the north at this time. Would you like me to do another search?
Could you try a swimming pool instead?|We have two swimmingpools. I recommend Kings Hedges Learner Pool found at 	jedburgh court, kings hedges.
Cool, what's their phone number?|Their phone number is 01223353248. Do you need anything else?
Yes, I'm looking for a chinese restaurant.|There are many options for Chinese restaurants, what area are you looking to dine in?  Do you have a price preference?
Something moderate, and close to the pool, please.|I am showing 4 chinese restaurants. 3 in the centre area and one in the north. Do you have a preference?
I'm looking for something in the north near the pool.|Okay I have one in the north called the Golden Wok. would you like their address or phone number?
Yes, that will work thank you,|Ok! Their address is 191 Histon Road, Chesterton and the phone number is 01223350688.
Can you book me a table for 6 people at 18:45 on Saturday?|I have made your reservations and your reference number is GNC4U1ZN.
I'll also need a taxi. I want to go from the pool to the restaurant and get there in time for that reservation.|Ok, I've got you a taxi. It will be a red volkswagen, contact number	:	07542576951. Can I help with anythign else today?
that is it for today.  thanks for helping|thanks for using our services. good day
Hello, I am looking for information regarding magdalene college.|Sure, the address is magdalene street. The entrance is free, it's in the west area, and the phone number is 01223332138
Thank you so much|Your Welcome have a great day.
Could you also help me find a restaurant? I'm looking for something that's moderately priced that serves Indian food.|You have four choices: Curry Prince or Rajmahal in the east, the nirala in the north, or maghna in the west. Do any of these sound good to you?
Either Curry Prince or Rajmahal will do since they are located in the east.|How about Rajmahal, then? They're located at 7 Barnwell Road Fen Ditton, postcode cb58rg. The phone number is 01223244955. Would you like me to make a reservation today?
Yes, that would be great. Rajmahal it is.|Sure.  When would you like the reservation for and how many will be in your party?
Actually, a reservation won't be necessary right now. that's all I need. Thank you!|You're very welcome.  Goodbye.
Can you help me find a swimmingpool in the south?|there aren't any in the south, would you like a different area?
No, please try for a park instead|sheep's green and lammas land park fen causeway is there, would you like to visit them?
Yes may I have their phone number and address.|Their phone number is 01223302580 and the address is fen causeway, newnham road.  Was there anything else you needed to know?
Yes, I'm also looking for a place to dine. I'll need it to be Chinese and in the moderate price range.|I have about 4 places to choose from. 3 are in the centre and 1 is in the south. Do you have a preference on area?
how about you suggest one, area doesn't matter, I need a table for 1 at 15:15 friday and the reference number too please|I've booked you at charlie chan on Friday at 15:15. Your Reference number is : EHXD82T1.
Great that is all I need. Thank you.|It was my pleasure to help. Have a wonderful night. Goodbye.
i am looking for places to go in town. The attraction should be in the type of college and should be in the centre.|There are several. May I recommend Emmanuel College? They are located on Saint Andrew's Street and have no entrance fee.
ok. What is their phone number?|Their number is 01223334200.
I also need a hotel to stay in.|What type of hotel are you looking for?
I need a HOTEL in the cheap price range.|Then you want the cambridge belfry, would you like me to book you a stay?
Does it have free parking?|There is free parking.
Okay. Please book a stay starting on Tuesday for 4 nights and 3 people.|Booking was successful.
Reference number is : YJQS3BTA.
thanks for all of your help!|You're welcome. Have a great day.
Hello. I am looking for information about Saint Barnabas Press Gallery.|The Saint Barnabas Press Gallery is a museum in the east area of town. The phone number is 01223902116. Would you like the address?
Yes, can I get it please?|It is located at The Belfast Yard, Coldham's Road. Can I help you with anything else?
Yes, I also need help finding a restaurant. Are there any that serve Chinese food in the South?|There are 3. What price range do you want?
I'm looking for a an expensive one, please.|Peking restaurant is int he expensive price range.
Could you get me a table for 1 at 17:15 on Friday?|Your table is reserved for 15 minutes and the reference number is LW79C4M8.  Can I help you with anything else?
That is all I need, thank you!|Thank you, enjoy the rest of your day!
I would like to visit some colleges or universities in Cambridge. Can you make some recommendations?|We have 18 colleges open to visitors. Christ's College and Churchill College are popular choices, and they're free to enter.
Could you please give me the area, address, and postcode for Churchill College?|I can! It is in the west at Storey's Way, postcode cb30ds. Phone 01223336233. Need anything else?
Yes please. I need a place to crash. I'm thinking a 4 star guesthouse.|I see one place that is a match for you; Finches bed and breakfast on the west side of town (for your convenience) the price is cheap. If you would like I can make you a booking?
What is the address and post code?|The address is 144 Thornton Road, and the post code is cb30nd. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Does that hotel include free wifi?|Yes Finches Bed and Breakfast does have free wifi.
Great that's all I need for now. Thank you so much.|Thank you for calling. Have a great day!
I need some help finding a place to stay with a 4 star rating and free wifi.|We have two guesthouses, one in the north and one in the east both are priced moderately, can I help with any other questions?
I prefer the north.|Ok, that would be Avalon guesthouse. Do you want to book a room there?
Yes, please. 3 people for 5 nights starting on Sunday|Booking was successful.
Reference number is : 9ZVM9EPE. anything else today?
No, that's all I need. Thanks.|No problem, enjoy the rest of your day.
I'm sorry, I just remembered I'm looking for an attraction as well. Can you help?|sure, what would you like to know?
I would like something near the Avalon guesthouse.|I have many attractions in that area.  What type of attraction are you interested in?
It does not matter can you recommend one please?|How about a boating attraction. The Riverboat Georgina would be nice. Would you like additional information?
Yes please! Could I get their entrance fee and address?|I'm sorry but you will have to go there in person to see the fee, but the address is cambridge passenger cruisers, jubilee house.
Could I have the phone number as well?|sure it is 01223902091
Thank you very much. That is all I needed.|Thank you for calling. Goodbye.
I need a train. The train should depart from ely and should leave on thursday.|I would be happy to assist you in finding a train!  Can you please advise where you will be traveling to?
Cambridge. I need to get there by 11:15.|I have 3 options to choose from: arrival times of 5:52, 7:52 and 9:52. Which do you prefer?
I will take 9:52|price is 4.40 pounds should i book it for you?
Yes, please book it for 8 tickets for me and pleases give me the reference number.|I was able to book 8 Train tickets for you at the cost of 35.2 GBP, which is payable at the station. The reference number is 27OF6EO3.
I'm also looking for information on the Whipple Museum of the History of Science.|Okay, it's a museum in the city centre.  Would you like more information on it?
Yes, is there an entrance fee?|The entrance fee is free. Is there anything else I could help you with?
That takes care of my needs today. Take care. Goodbye.|Enjoy your trip!
I would like to find a place to eat dinner.|Great where would you like to visit?
I am looking for a restaurant in the south part of town that is moderately priced.|I have two restaurants matching your request.  Would you like Italian or Modern European food?
I'm craving some Modern European food!|Would you like me to make a reservation for you then?
Yes please, 1 person on sunday at 14:15.|I have booked a reservation for one person at 14:15 on Sunday at restaurant alimentum successfully. Your reference number is GNRKQ4IT. Would you like me to do anything else for you?
Could you recommend a museum?|Sure thing, I reccomend byard art it has free admission.
Thank you. Could I get the area, post code, and address?|Sure!  It's located in the south, at 14 King's Parade CB2 1SJ.  Can I help you with anything else?
No that's everything I needed, thank you!|enjoy your stay in Cambridge!
I need a place to stay in the north area.|What is your price range?  What type of hotel are you looking for? Will you need internet?
The hotel should be in a moderate price range.|We have nine guesthouses and two hotels in the north with moderate price ranges.
I would like one with 2 stars and free parking.|There are 2 hotels, the Ashley Hotel and Lovell Lodge that fit what you are searching for. Would you like more information or to book one of these?
Please book one of those for 6 people and 4 nights starting from Friday.|I've booked you a room at Ashley Hotel for 6 people for 4 nights beginning Friday. Your reference number is 5YAY9T1K. Can I help you with anything else?
I would also like information on jesus college|Yes sure Jesus College is located on Jesus Lane in the city's center and is free to enter. Their telephone number is 01223339485.
Thank you for the information. That's what I needed to know.|Do you need any further help with booking?
I will also need a taxi from the hotel to the college that leaves the hotel by 08:45|What time do you want to arrive by?
I need to arrive by 17:00 please.|I have booked a taxi that can take you there at that time. It is a black toyota. The contact number is 07886371785. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, thank you. Thank is all. Goodbye|Have a great evening.
I want to find places to go in the centre of town that are park type attractions.|I think that you will like cambridge university botanic gardens.  It's 4 pounds, may I book it for you?
Yes, that sounds good!  Please provide me with the postcode.|I'm sorry, we aren't able to book tickets for attractions, but their postcode is cb21jf, and I can provide their address and phone if you like?
No. That is all I need.  I would like help finding a train for Saturday though.  I need to leave after 15:45.|There are 172 trains that match your request so far so I need additional information. Where will you be leaving from and travelling to?
I'll be leaving from Norwich and heading to Cambridge.|I would suggest booking TR9724
As long as that leaves after 15:45, please book 8 tickets for me.|Your booking was successful, the total fee is 112.64 GBP payable at the station. Reference number is : M8ER05M6. Will there be anything else today?
That will be all, thank you!|Thank you goodbye
I'm looking for a train to anywhere on Monday|I found 404 trains leaving on monday. Where are you departing from?
I am need to be in Cambridge by 11:30 departing from  Birmingham New Street|There are 6 trains available, would you like to book one that leaves at 7:40?
As long as I arrive by 11:30 that is fine, I will also need the travel time and price please.|Alright, I'll look at the train that arrives at 10:23, and leaves at 7:40. It costs 75.10 pounds, and it has a duration of 163 minutes. Will that be all today?
I am also looking for a place to go in town. Preferably a college.|How about Christ's college in the Centre at Saint Andrew's street? Admission is free.
That'll be fine. What is the entrance fee, address, and postcode for that?|Sure, the postcode is cb23bu, the address is Saint Andrew's Street and there is no entrance fee.
Thank you for your help, have a great day.|You are very welcome! Have a good day now!
Thank you, goodbye.|Have a good day! Bye!
I'm looking for attractions in Cambridge regarding sports.|The Cherry Hinton Village Centre is a multiple sports facility in the east.  Would you like their phone number?
No, it needs be in the west. Any other museum's are located in the west please?|There are 7 museums in the west, would you prefer one that is free or one with an entrance fee?
I'll take one with an entrance fee, and I'll need the postcode, and phone number please.|There is only one museum with an entrance fee is the west, it is the Cambridge and Country Folk Museum, postcode cb30aq, number is 01223355159. Anything else today?
Yes, I am a looking for a train that departs from peterborough and goes to cambridge.|Alright, you have quite a few options. What day are you planning to travel?
The train should leave on friday and should leave after 18:45.|There is one leaving at 18:48 TR1477
Thank you have a wonderful day.|You're very welcome, but before you go, would you like me to book the train for you?
No thank you. I don't think I want to book the train at this time.|Okay! Let us know if we can be of any further assistance. Have a nice day.
Hi, I'm looking for a theatre in town.|I have several theatres in town; most are in the center and there's one on the south side. Do you have a preference?
Not particularly. Which do you recommend? If you can provide an address, and info on entrance fees for your favorite, that would be great, thanks.|There is a nice theatre in the centre called Mumford Theatre at Anglia Ruskin Enterprise, East Road. There are no entrance fee's listed. Would you like the phone number?
That's all, I also need some info on the aylesbray lodge guest house.|What would you like to know?
I just need to book it for 5 people for 3 nights starting wednesday.|Booking was unsuccessful. Can I book it for another day or for a shorter stay?
How about trying the booking for 2 nights instead?|The booking was successful. Your reference number is VEKFOWW6. May I help you with anything else today?
I also need a taxi that will get me from the hotel to the Mumford Theatre.|Certainly.  When do you want to leave by?  Thanks.
I want to leave the hotel by 23:45, please. I will need the contact number and car type as well.|Look for a red skoda at 23:45. Contact number is 07203451236
Thank you. That's all I needed today.|Thank you for contacting Cambridge TownInfo Centre.  Enjoy your trip!
i need a place to stay|OK, what price point do you want me to look for?
Price range doesn't really matter, but I do want a 4-star place with free parking and internet.|I have 19 hotels that match that criteria. please be more specific about the area of town where you'd like to stay
The area doesn't matter. Please book for 6 people on Saturday with 4 nights stay.|Do you prefer a formal hotel, or a guesthouse?
Can you give me a suggestion for a hotel and make that reservation please? Thanks.|Booking was successful at the alexander bed and breakfast. Reference number is : MDB2AV4K
Hi there! I need a place to stay in Cambridge, and I'm wondering if you have any recommendations for good 2 star hotels in town?|Ashley Hotel and Lovell Lodge are both good options with moderate price range. we also have Express by Holiday inn Cambridge in an expensive price range, which one could you prefer?
I would prefer Lovell Lodge, thank you.|Lovell Lodge is found in 365 milton road postcode  cb41sr can i book it for you?
Yes, that would be great.  I need accommodations for 6 people starting Sunday for 3 nights.|I'm sorry, that isn't available for your stay?  Would you be able to arrive a different day, or perhaps shorten your stay?
Yeah, can you try for 2 nights then?|You're all set!  I've got you booked for two nights starting Sunday.  Your reference number is 8UWYWJNX.  Enjoy!
Thanks, I'm going to need some info on the Cambridge Punter as well.|The Cambridge Punter is a boating attraction in the center of town. They are located at 251a Chesterton Road in postcode cb41as.
Thank you for all your help. That's all I need today.|Thank you for contacting Cambridge TownInfo centre. Goodbye!
Can you help me find a place to go in the centre?|I found 44 different attractions near that location, is there something specific you're looking for?
No, not really. What's your favorite thing to do in the centre of town?|My favorite thing to do is look at the architecture at Holy Trinity Church.  It's located on Market Street and it's free to get in.  Does this work?
Yes And I would like to find a train that arrives by 13:00 going to Kings Lynn.|Okay what day will you be traveling?
I will be leaving from Cambridge on Sunday.|I have a train to Kings Lynn that arrives at 12:58.
Perfect! I would like to book it for 4 people.|Would you like me to book it now?
Yes please book it for 4 people and give me the reference number.|I will work on getting that booked and be right back with you.
Okay can I get the reference number?|I was able to book it, reference number is XYAQ9XA4.
Thank you. That is all I am inquiring about today.|Thank you. Let me know if I can help again.
I'm looking for a place to dine in the centre in the moderate price range.|Would you like a table at Cotto?
Yes, that would be fine. I don't need a book but can you give me the phone number and address for Cotto? Thanks|Sure! The phone number for Cotto is 01223302010 and the address is 183 East Road, City Centre. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Can you tell what attractions are near the restaurant?|There are 44 attractions in the centre of town.  Do you have particular type of attraction in mind?
No, what do you recommend?|The old schools is wonderful located at trinity lane.
What is the entrance fee and phone number?|They have free entrance. Their phone number is 01223332320.
I also want a taxi two go between those two places.|Ok, will you be leaving from the restaurant or the college? And what time of day would you like this booking to be?
I want to leave the college by 07:00 so please go ahead and book that taxi for me|I was able to book your taxi.  It is a white Tesla and the contact number is 07335673174. Is there anything else you need today?
that is all i needed. i appreciate your help alot|I'm glad I was able to help you today. Hope you have a great day.
Are there any swimming pools that I can go to in Cambridge?|Yes, there are several did you have a specific area in mind?
No. I would just like you to recommend one and give me the area, number and how much it cost to get in.|I can't help you with the cost, you would have to call about that.  I recommend Parkside Pools in the centre.  You can call them at 01223446100.
Can you call them for me please? You are supposed to be customer service?|We can book hotels, restaurants, trains, and taxis for you and provide information about places, but we do not actually call attractions them for you ourselves.
i'm looking for a place to stay|What area of town would you like to stay? What price range?
I am looking for a 4 star hotel in the Centre. Internet is not necessary but I will accept one that has it.|I would recommend the university arms hotel. It is expensive and in the centre. Would you like me to book that for you?
That sounds good can you book that for 8 people for 3 nights starting thursday?|SI booked you at the university arms hotel. Your reservation is POY0JCRA on Thursday.
Thanks! That is all I need.|You're welcome. Have a great day.
I am looking for a hotel with free wifi.|There are 32 hotels with free wifi, do you have any other things you require in a hotel?
I would like a four star hotel, and I don't need free parking.|How about a and b guest house, unless you have any other specifics.
Could you recommend me a hotel that is cheap?|How about the autumn house? It has 4 stars, is in the cheap price range and has internet.
Hmm, let me see...I think maybe a moderately priced 4 star hotel might be better. Do you show any availabe?|I would recommend the Acorn Guesthouse which is 4 stars, moderately prices and offers both free wifi and parking.
Sounds great. Can I book 8 people for 2 nights starting Tuesday?|You are all booked at the Acorn Guest House.  Your reference number is LXMFRZLR.  Do you need assistance with anything else?
I am looking for places to go in the centre.|Certainly, there are 44 attraction in the town centre, do you have a type of attraction you would like to visit?
Are there any museums available?|there are a total of 79 attractions in Centre  what type of attraction that you are looking for?
I don't have any in particular.  What would be the highest rated attraction in that area?|I don't have rating information, but Castle Galleries in nice, and admission is free.  Would that interest you?
That sounds great. Can I get the postcode for Castle Galleries?|Yes the postcode is cb23bj.  Is there anything else I can help you with?
No.  That's all I needed.  Thanks!|Great. Thank you for contacting Cambridge Towninfo Centre. Have a great day.
Hello, are there any attractions on the eastside?|Yes, there's entertainment, museums, boats, swimming pools, parks, multiple sports. Would you like information on a particular attraction?
What is the entrance fee for the parks?|The park is free it's called cherry hinton water play would you like the address?
No, but are there any cheap Korean restaurants?|There is one Korean restaurant in the centre of town.
I would like a restaurant in the cheap price range|I am sorry but there are no Korean restaurants in the cheap price range.  Would you like to try another type of food or price range?
How about one that serves Asian Oriental food? Could I have the phone number?|I would recommend the Dojo Noodle Bar. Their phone number is 01223363471. Would you like to reserve a table?
Can you book it for me and get a reference number ?|Yes, I am happy to book you at Dojo. What time would you like to book and for how many people in the party?
Whenever is fine, just for me.|I can book you at 10:00 in the morning if you like. Is there a particular day of the week you had in mind?
i did not have any in mind|To brighten up your Monday I have you booked at dojo noodle bar.
Thank you for such great customer service. I am set for now. Goodbye.|You are most welcome and thank you for contacting the Cambridge TownInfo Centre. Take care!
Hi, I am planning a trip and need some help finding a place to stay.|Certainly, do you have any special requests or preferences?
I would love a guesthouse but I do need wifi. Do you have any like that?|We have 23 Guesthouses that have free wifi, is there a particular area you want to stay in?
No the area doesn't matter, and I know this sounds strange but I'm looking for a guesthouse with a 1 star rating.|Those are all booked for the year due to events is a hotel okay?
Could you possible check in the surrounding areas? I might as well also get a list of 2 star rated hotels. Do you mind?|I have 3 hotels that have a 2 star rating.  Two are located in the north and one in the east, do you have a preference of area?
Okay, how about the one in the est please?|The Express by Holiday Inn Cambridge is the one in the east. Do you need any info on it?
Yes I would like to book it for 4 nights for 1 person from Saturday.|Okay, I will work on booking this for you and be right back with you.
May i get the reference number?|I have made those reservations and your reference number is HF0MER2O.
Great thanks I also need a taxi leaving the hotel by 05:00|OK, where are we taking the taxi to?  Did we also need to book a restaurant or find an attraction?
I want to leave the hotel by 05:00. Going to the attraction.|First we need to find you a attraction then we could book your taxi I think.
somewhere in the south, sorry need the phone # and admission fee|The south has cinema, entertainment, museum, nightclub, park and theatre. Which do you prefer?
Can you make a recommendation?|I would recommend tenpin, which is an entertainment venue in the south. It's a lot of fun.
Great, can I have the phone number and reference fee.|Just so I can get you the right information, are you interested in Byard art or tenpin?
Please send info on tenpin. Thanks for the help.|Unfortunately I don't have any information about their entrance fee but if you call them at 08715501010, they'll tell you. Will that be all today?
Thank you for the help. That's all for now.|I hope you have a good trip.  Have a nice day.  Goodbye.
Any suggestions for entertainment?|Is there a certain area you're looking at?
Yes, I'm looking for something close to the center of town.|I'm not finding anything close to the centre of town.  Is there another area you'd like me to check for you?
Is there a college in the centre area that you could give me more information on?|There are several, what would you like to know?
Which one would you recommend for me to visit as a tourist? I need the postcode, entrance fee and phone number for it.|I highly recommend downing college. It's free! The postcode is cb21dq and the phone number is 01223334860.
sweet, brah. i'm also looking to book a train.|Okay brah where you leaving from?
I will be leaving after 8:15 from london kings cross.|We have many trains available that are leaving london kings cross after 8:15. What is the location of your destination? Which day would you like to leave on?
I will travel in Tuesday. Arrival is not important.|TR5886 leaves at 09:17, price is 23.60 pounds a person, do you want me to book you?
Thank you. Yes I would really love for you to book the train for 2 people.|I have made that reservation and your reference number is IADFZDHY.
Great, thanks so much! That's all I'll be needing! Bye bye!|Thank you for contacting us and have a nice day.
I am looking for things to do in Cambridge.  Can you tell me if there are any nightclubs?|ballare is a nightclub in the centre of town, would you like more details?
How much is it to get in to ballare? And which area is it in?|Ballare's entrance fee is 5 pounds and they're located in the centre of town. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No, that's it. Thanks a bunch! Bye!|You're welcome, have fun!
Looking for a train that leaves from london liverpool street and goes to cambridge|What day and time are you planning to leave?
I would like to leave after 10:15 on tuesday.|TR5691 departs at 11:39. Will that work for your needs?
Yes, that works. I'd like to book that for one person.|I was able to book your ticket. Your reference number is RP24CQ0D. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Thanks. I'm also looking for a museum in the area of west.|There are 7 musuems located in the west. If you are interested in books, I would suggest the cambridge book and print gallery.
Can you give me the phone number and address?|Sure. They are located at 49 newnham road	and you can reach them at 01223694264.
Do you know if they have an entrance fee?|They are free! Can I help you with anything else?
No, that is all I need help with at the moment. Thank you.|You are very welcome. Have a great time, and thanks for using Cambridge TownInfo centre.
I want to find places to go in town, specifically college attractions.|There are multiple colleges to visit. Would you like a list of them and locations?
What would your best recommendation be for one?|I would recommend christ's college in the centre.
That sounds good. May I have the phone number and postcode?|yes adress and phone number please
I'm looking for information in Cambridge......Oh, I should tell you what I'm looking for!  How silly of me!   Can you please give me some information on cineworld cinema?|sure thing it is located in the south I cannot disclose any admission fee's though I am sorry
What is the postcode?|The postcode for Cineworld Cinema is CB17DY. Is there anything else you want to know?
Yes. I need a place to stay in the north, just a 0 star hotel is fine.|Well, city centre north b and b should meet your standards, shall I book you?
Does it have free wifi and free parking?|Yes, this hotel provides both of those amenities. Would you like to book a room with me now?
Yes, that would be great, thank you.  I need it for 5 nights starting Sunday, and for 6 people.|Ok, your reservation has been made! Reference number IRIC8LC3. Can I be of any further help?
That's everything I need.|Great. I am happy to hear that. Message me if you need any more assistance.
I also need a taxi.  Can you help with that?|Certainly. What side of town will you be leaving from?
Well I'll be leaving from the cineworld cinema traveling to the city centre north b and b hotel you've just booked for me.|What time would you like to travel?
I want to leave the hotel by 21:15 to get to cineworld cinema, please.|Would you like me to book the taxi for you?
Yes that would be great and I need a reference number and number of taxi|The car type of your taxi is a yellow honda anf its contact number is 07342405869.
thank you so much for helping|You're welcome!  Can I help you with anything else?
No thanks, that's all I needed.|Hope you enjoy your trip. Goodbye.
I am looking for a place called Cherry Hinton Water Play|It's located on 	cherry hinton hall, cherry hinton road, cb18dw. Their phone number is 01223446100. Will that be all?
I also need their postcode.|the postcode is cb18dw
I'm also looking for a restaurant. Do you have anything cheap that serves Indian food?|Yes, we have cheap Indian restaurants in both the centre and northern parts of town. Do you have any preferences?
Can you suggest one thats in the north? I would just need the name and address please. Thanks.|How does royal spice sound? They're on Victoria Avenue in Chesterton.
I would need a taxi to travel to cherry hinton water play from the restaurant.|What time do you need that taxi?
I want to leave royal spice by 11:45 please|A blue tesla will pick you at 11:45 from royal spice. There contact number is 07346133095. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, that will be all today. Thank you.|Thank you for contacting us and have a nice day.
Hello, I am looking for a place called the broughton house gallery. Can you help me?|Yes, I am familiar with it. It's located in the centre of the city on 98 King Street. Is there anything else?
Yes, can you tell me what type of attraction it is and whether or not there is an entrance fee?|Certainly. The Broughton House Gallery is a museum, and there is no entrance fee.
Thank you for the information.  I also need a train that goes to Cambridge leaving Sunday.|What time would you like to leave by
I am looking for information in Cambridge|There's a lot to do in Cambridge. Is there a certain type of attraction you'd like more information on?
Museum and I need postcode adress and entrance fee please|Cambridge Artworks is a great museum! The address is 5 Greens Road. The postcode is cb12ef. It's also free to enter.
I'm also looking for a train to london liverpool.|what time is best for you?
Is Cambridge Artworks in the center of town? I have get to liverpool station by 11:30 on Saturday.|No the museum is in the east, do you want an attraction in the center instead? What station will you be departing from?
Yes I'd rather find one in the centre, a museum. I just need the entrance fee and the address.|no such attractions in the north
I need a museum to visit in he centre.|There is no museums in the centre. Can I help you with anything else
Could you check again. A museum in the centre.|The Museum of Archeology and Anthropology is located in the center. Would you like more information?
I need the entrance fee and address please.|admission is free and it's located at university of cambridge, downing street
Do I need tickets?|I don't think you do but it's not in the database. Would you like the number so you can check before you go?
That's alright. But now what I do ned is to find a train from cambridge going to london liverpool street. Could you help me?|sure why not?
I need to arrive by 11:30. Are there any train that has arrival by that time?|Train is TR1887 arrives at 11:27. Shall I book it ?
Can you just tell me the travel time and departure time for the TR1887 please?|Of course. The departure time is 9:59. The duration of the trip is 88 minutes. Can I help with anything else today?
No, that will be all. Thank you.|Thank you for using our services. Have we met all of your needs?
Yes, you have. Thank you.|If we can be of further assistance, please contact us again. Thank you. Good-bye.
I want a train leaving after 09:00.|There are several at that time. Do you have a destination in mind or a day you want to travel?
I'd like to depart from london kings cross going to cambridge after 09:30|Yes I have many trains but I need the day you want to travel.
I would like the train to leave after 9:30 on Saturday, can I also have the price, arrival time, and train ID,please?|Train TR7195 leaves at 11:17 will this time work for you?
Yes, that will work. Can you tell me what the arrival time is and the price please?|It will arrived by 12:08 and cost 23.60 pounds.  Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes I am also looking for information on the  cambridge arts theatre.|sue it is the center of town and the phone number is 01223503333 and the address is 6 saint edward's passage.
Thank you what about a restaurant?|Do you have a particular type in mind such as Chinese, Italian or Indian?
No,  I won't need the restaurant.  We'll be eating at a friends house.  Can you get the postcode for Cambridge Arts Theatre? What type of attraction is it?|Cambridge arts theatre attraction type is a theatre
Thanks. May I have the postcode and phone number, please?|The phone number is 	01223503333 and the post code is cb23pj. Can I help you with anythine else today?
no that is all|Thank you for contacting us and have a nice day.
I am wanting to find an attraction called The Place. Can you help me?|The Place is a nightclub in the south part of town located at 22 Sidney Street. Is there anything else you need?
Can you give me the postcode please?|The postcode is cb23hg, can I assist with anything else?
I also need a restaurant.|What sort of food would you like?
I'm in the mood for some Modern European food|I would suggest the river bar steakhouse and grill
Great, is it moderately priced?|It is in the cheap price range.  Would you prefer moderate price?
I would prefer moderate price range please.|there is no restaurant fitting your description. can we change the cuisine.
Can you double check for modern european food, centre area, and in the moderate price range?|riverside brasserie would suit those needs.
Sounds tasty. Can you get me a reservation for Saturday?|Your reservation for 1 on Saturday was successful. Reference number: LXQWW69Y
Thank you.  I will also need a taxi to get form the attraction to the restaurant by 13:15.|Please look for a yellow Tesla.  Your contact number is: 07159979222.  What else can I assist you with today?
That is all I need.|Have a nice day.
I'm looking for a park.|sure there are five parks in town
Could I get the address and phone number for one please?|Sure, the Milton Country Park is located at milton country park, milton and the phone number is 01223420060. Post code is cb46az.
I'm also looking for a place to stay in, preferably something 0 stars.|I have 3 choices for you. Two are guesthouses and I have 1 hotel. The guesthouses are cheap and the hotel is moderately priced. Do you have a preference?
I prefer something in the cheap price range.|The city centre north b and b is a 0 star, cheap guesthouse in centre. Would you like to make a reservation?
Let me think about it.|thank you for contacting us and have a great day!
I would like to visit an attraction the has multiple sports.|I found one for you. It's The Cherry Hinton Village Centre on Colville Road. Do you need any additional information?
What is the entrance fee?|I don't have that information, but you can call them at 01223576412 to get more information.
I also would like to find  Turkish restaurant in the center of town.|I have three turkish restaurants in the centre.  Two are moderate price and one is expensive.
I don't care about the price range. Will you please book me a table for 3 people at 17:15 on Wednesday at one of the restaurants?|I have booked you a table for 3 at the meze bar restaurant on Wednesday at 17:15.  The reference number is X6AY26U1, can I help you with anything else?
No thank you that is all.|Thank you for using our services. Have all of your needs been met today?
Thats everything I needed thanks for the help!|You are very welcome. Please contact us again if you need further assistance.
I am looking for a place to eat in Cambridge thats is indian with moderate pricing|I have four Indian restaurants in the area. Two in the east, one in the west and one in the north. Do you have a preference as to what area?
No, I don't care about that.|Okay. Would you like to go to Curry Prince, The Nirala, Meghna, or Rajmahal?
I have no idea. Which one is your favorite?|I would choose the curry prince. Can I book that for you?
Yes, please book a table for 2 on Sunday at 19:45. You'll need to give me the reference number. I'm also looking for a nightclub in the center of town.|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : CTV9SXGD. There are several night clubs in the centre. club salsa is great!
I need a cab to arrive by the booked time, can I also get the contact # and car type too please|Would you like to leave from your hotel?
I don't really care as long as I get to the restaurant by 19:45|Can you please give me the name of your hotel?
I do not have it right now.|Sorry, I'm a little confused. There was no mention of hotel. Where would you like to go?
Can I get club salsas phone number and address? I would like the taxi from the club to the restaurant|The salsa is at 1 station road. I can work on the taxi in just one second.
Great. I would like a taxi from club salsa to the restaurant. I want to arrive by my reservation time.|i have booked  Black honda with contact 07157896056
I think that will be all.  Thanks so much for your help!|you are welcome and thanks
have yourself a great day|Thank you for calling Cambridge TownInfo centre! I hope you have a wonderful visit!
Can you help me find a park to visit in Cambridge?|Is there a specific area you'd like to visit a park in?
I have no area preference. Can you suggest a park for me? Thanks a lot|My suggestion would be the Cambridge University Botanic Gardens. The do charge 4 pounds for entrance but it is by far worth it. They are located on Bateman Street.
Okay, what area is that in?|It's in the centre area.
Great, thanks. Also, can you tell me a little about a restaurant called La Mimosa?|Sure, that's a mediterranean restaurant located in the centre area.  Would you like to make a reservation?
Yes, and can I get a phone number and area?|01223362525. Would you like me to book you a table?
Actually, no I don't.|Okay, is there anything else I can help with today?
That was all I needed today, thank you so much.|You're welcome, have a great day.
Hi I'm looking for some interesting attractions, especially museums on the west side|Would you know the name of the musem?
yes and could like to get the post code|How about the cafe jello gallery, postcode cb30af?
That sounds nice.  Also, can you give me information about The Lensfield Hotel?|sure, what would you like to know?
I actually need a reservation for 1 person for 5 nights on wednesday|I made a reservation for you at the lensfield hotel. Your reference is RVYQN9I6. Please let me know if you need anything else.
That is everything I need.|I'm glad we could be of service today! Enjoy your time in Cambridge!
I need to find a train leaving Tuesday going to Ely please.|There are several trains to Ely on that day. Is there certain time that you need to leave by?
I would like to arrive by 14:45.|TR3420 will arrive at 14:07, would that work?
Yes, can I get the departure time and travel time on that one?|Yes the train leaves at 13:50 and the ride lasts 17 minutes.
Thanks. I'm also looking for college to look around.|There are many to choose from,what area would you like to see one in?
Any area is fine. Can you give me the phone number and postcode of your favorite one?|Christ's College is in the city centre and is highly acclaimed. Their phone number is 01223334900 and they're in postcode cb23bu.
Awesome!  I guess that's all I need.  Thank you.|You're welcome. Have a nice day. Goodbye.
I'm planning a trip and am looking for a place to stay.  Can you help me with that?|Okay, what is the price range and what area would you like to stay in?
I am looking for something in the cheap price range in the centre of town.|There is alexander bed and breakfast it's a 4 star guesthouse that's in your price range. Would you like more information or for me to book it for you?
Can you please book it? I'd like to stay for five nights beginning on Saturday. It's just me.|Booking was successful.
Reference number is : US44VVX2.
Great thanks for all your assistance!|You're welcome! Have a great trip!
I'm also looking for information on an attraction called nusha.|Yes, Nusha is entertainment in the south. I do not know the entrance fee, but the phone # is 01223902158.
What is the address?|they are at unit g6 cambridge leisure park, clifton road, anything else today?
Yes, I also need a taxi to go between the two.  I want to leave Nusha by 03:00.  Can you book and get me the contact and car type?|I have you in a Blue Lexus. Contact them at 07671538206. What else may I do for you?
Could you verify for me that the Alexander Bed and Breakfast has free wifi and free parking? If not, I'll need to change my reservation.|It does! Can I help you with anything else?
No that is all the information I need today.|Glad I could help. Have a great trip. Good bye.
I need some information on a place called Pizza express.|Pizza Express is a moderately priced Italian restaurant in the center of town. Do you need more information?
Can you give me the postcode and address please?|Of course. The postcode is cb21db and it is at Regent Street City Centre. Can I help you with anything else today?
Yes, I'm looking for colleges to see in town. Can you help me with that?|what is your price range for that?
I don't care about that but I would like the address and area of the college I visit.|I would recommend gonville and caius college, that is a nice campus in the centre area and best of all, admission is free, would you like more info?
What is the address for Gonville and Caius College?|you selected attraction can you please correct so I can search.
The gonville caius college would be a nice attraction. Could I get the address please?|It is located on trinity street.
Thank you. I look forward to the day in town. Goodbye.|I'm happy to be of help. Take care. Goodbye.
Yes, I am looking for a concert hall in the south.  Can you help me find one?|Sorry, the only concert hall in town is the man on the moon, in the centre. Would you like a different area or a different type of attraction?
I would really like to stay in the south area.  Are there any entertainment attractions available in that area?|There is a cinema, two entertainment places, a museum, and a nightclub in the south.
The entertainment places sound fun. Could you provide me their postcodes?|Yes the postcode is cb17dy
Thank you for that.  Also, I need to book a train leaving from Cambridge.|I have several trains leaving from Cambridge.  What is your destination?
Sorry, I need to get to ely please.|ok what day
I need the train to leave on wednesday.|Do you have a preference for arrival time?
My preference is that it leaves Cambridge after 12:00, would that be possible?|Sure thing! The TR4346 departs from Cambridge at 13:50.  Would you like me to book that for you?
Yes if you can. I would like 6 tickets for that train.|Sure thing! I have booked six tickets for the train ID# TR4346 that departs from Cambridge at 13:50. Your reference number is ISIG3UQS. Is there anything else I can help you with?
That is all I need.  Thanks.|You're welcome, have a great day.
I am looking for sports facilities in the town centre.|I'm sorry, there are no sports in the centre. Would you like me to look for something else?
What about colleges?|There are 13 colleges in centre. Are you look for free entrance or paid?
Please tell me one of the free ones, please.|Emmanuel College is free and located in the centre.
OK, great, I'll look that up.  That is all I need for now.  Thanks, and bye.|You are welcome.  Bye.
Hi, I am looking for a restaurant. I would prefer an expensive restaurant in the west of the city.|We offer 9 such places.
Is there a British one available?|Great choice!  I have two.  Graffiti and travellers rest.  Would you like me to book one of these?
I am looking for some rest as a traveler so I choose travellers rest. There will be four of us for Saturday at 11:00. Please book.|I'm sorry, it seems they are unable to accommodate you at that day and time. Would you like me to try another?
Can you try for 10:00 please?|A table is reserved for 10:00. Your reference number is TX8BTBJT. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. May I help you with anything else?
I would also like to find a college to visit.|What area is this college in? Do you know the name of it?
Is there a college on the west side of town by the restaurant travellers rest?  I will need the college's address and phone number, too.|How about Queen's College? It is on the west side of town. The phone number is 01223335511 and address is Silver Street.
Yes! I would also like to book a taxi.|I can certainly help you with that! Where would you like to be picked up and dropped off, and at what time?
I would like to be picked up at Queen's College on Silver street and taken to Traveler's West. I want to make the reservation on time.|Okay, I've got a grey skoda booked for you.
Could you provide a contact number? Thanks!|The contact number is 07334374879. Is there something else I can assist with?
Great that is all I needed thank you for your help today.|Thank you for using our service. Have a great night. Goodbye.
I'm looking for some info on an attraction called king's college.|Kings college is free and located in the centre of town.
Excellent.  Thank you for your assistance!|You're very welcome. Will that be all?
I would like to find a place to stay with a 2 star rating and free parking.|There are 3 hotels with a 2 star rating. Two in the North and one in the East. Would you like more information on one of them?
I would like the east please.|I have the express by holiday inn cambridge. Would you like me to book that for you?
Is it in the expensive price range?|It is. Would you like a room?
Not at  this time but what is their address and postcode?|The address at express by holiday inn cambridge	is 15-17 norman way, coldhams business park. Their postcode is cb13lh. Anything else I can do for you?
i also need a taxi to commute between the two places|How many people will be traveling?
I need to leave the attraction by 03:00.|OK, I have a blue audi coming to get you at King's college at 03:00 to take you back to the express by holiday inn cambridge. Is there anything else?
That will be all, thank you.|Thank you for contacting us and have a nice day.
I'm looking for some information please. What can you tell me about Clare Hall?|Clare Hall is on Herschel Road and has free admission.
In what part of the city is Clare Hall, and what is the address?|It's in the west, it's address is herschel road postcode cb39al.
Thanks, I'm also looking for a train to Cambridge form Stevenage, is there anything?|I have 70 trains departing Stevenage and arriving in Cambridge. Is there a particular date and time you would like to book?
Yes, on Thursday, arriving by around 17:45.|How about the TR1596 train? It leaves Stevenage at 15:54 and arrives in Cambridge at 16:43.
Can you tell me how long a ride that is? I always mess up the math when it crosses the hour.|The duration of that ride would be 49 minutes
Thank you for your help, I think I have gotten all of the information I need today.|You are very welcome. I hope you have a fantastic day!
Hi, I am traveling to Cambridge soon.  I am so excited to see some local tourist attractions.  I could use some help with restaurants though.|Okay I can help with that. What type of food would you like to eat and what is your price range?
I am looking for an expensive Indian restaurant.|Thanks for the information. What area should the restaurant be in?
It should be in the west.|The India House is located on the West side and offers a wide range of fine diners.
Great.  Could I book a table for 6 people on Sunday at 11:00?|You're all set for sunday at 11:00 for six.  The reference number is 111YXDK3.  Is there anything else I can help you with?
I am also wondering if you can help me find an entertainment place in the west as well.|There is a place called Whale of a Time.  The phone number is 01954781018.  Can I help you with anything else?
Yes, I was also interested in booking a taxi.  Could you help me with that?|Sure, what time you would like to leave by?
Doesn't matter, as long as I leave Whale of a Time and get to India House before my reservation at 11:00.|I have booked you a taxi to arrive at the India House by 11:00.  The car driven will be a grey volkswagen and the contact number is 07207500599.
Ok, that's all I need, thanks.|You're welcome, have a great day.
I'm looking for a specific hotel in Cambridge.|There are 33 hotels in cambridge.  Do you know the name?
Yes it is the carolina bed and breakfast.|Yes, I have located it.  It is as 138 Perne Road.  The phone number is 01223247015.  Can I further assist you?
I am also looking to go to a concerthall.|There's one called the man on the moon in the centre. I'm not sure if they charge an entrance fee or not but I can get you their phone number
Oh, before I forget. Can I ask for the star rating on Carolina B&B? And yes, can I get both the address and phone number for the concert hall please?|The carolina B&B is 4 star, and the man on the moon is at 2 norfolk street, 01223474144. Is there anything else you need?
Yes, can we book a taxi to get between those? I'll want to leave the hotel by 09:45.|Okay, I have Red Skoda booked to pick you up from the hotel and take you to the concert hall. The contact number is 07462131215.
Thanks, I think that is all I need.|Awesome, glad to help you, have a great day.
I certainly will. Thank you, again. Goodbye.|Have a great trip. Please contact us again if you need additional assistance. Goodbye.
I am looking for information on places to go in Cambridge.  Can you help with that?|I can help with that. Is there a particular area you're interested in?
What I'd really like is to find a swimmingpool.|Yes, there are 4 swimming pools that match those requirements. Is there a particular area you would like to go to?
Any area is fine. Which of the 4 swimming pools do you suggest?|I personally like Parkside Pools. It's in the center of town, on Gonville Place.
Can I get the postcode as well?|It is cb11ly. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I also need a train leaving after 11:00 on friday|There are 278 trains that meet that criteria. Would you like to narrow down your options by departure site, destination, or arrival time?
My destination is london kings cross|Where will you be departing from?
I am departing from Cambridge.|TR1502 arrives in london kings cross friday at 11:51. Would you like me to book you any seats?
Yes book for 8 people and I need a reference number|I have made that reservation and your reference number is 1702SDBO.
Thanks.  That was all I needed. Goodbye.|You're welcome, glad I could help.
Yes,  i need help finding a place to go?|Is there a specific type or area you had in mind?
The area doesn't matter but I would like to find a swimming pool.|kings hedges learner pool is located in the north, at jedburgh court, kings hedges.
Could you tell me the postcode as well at the entrance fee, please?|The postcode is cb42xh and I don't have access to their entrance fee. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
No that was all, thank you!|Happy to help. Have a great day.
Hello! Can you please give me information about Ruskin Gallery?|ruskin gallery is a museum in the centre. The entrance is free and they are located at anglia ruskin university, east road. Can I help with anything else?
Could you provide me with the phone number?|Sure, their phone number is 01245493131. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Also looking for a restaurant that serves Lebanese food in the moderate price range.|Ali baba is a lebanese restaurant with a moderate price range. Do you want to book it?
Is it located in the centre?|Yes, it is. Would you like me to book it?
Yes for 5 people at 16:00 on friday.|Booking was successful and the reference number is : E089XI1O.
Great. Thank you so much for booking that.|What else may I help you with?
That is all I need. Thank you for your help. Good bye.|Have a great day. Goodbye.
I'm going to be in town and am looking to book my departing train out of Cambridge.  Can you let me know the times of trains on Sunday?|What is your destination?
Stansted Airport I need to be there by 13:15.|I have train TR5985 arriving at 13:08 is that okay?
That would be great - can you give me the price and departure time?|The departure time is 12:40. Do you just need 1 ticket booked?
No I still need the price.|The price is 8.08 pounds. Would you like to me book a seat?
No, I'll do that tomorrow.  Could you help me with some places I could visit in the town centre?|We have many attractions in the town centre. Do you have a specific type of attraction in mind?
I just want somewhere to spend some quality time with family.  Do you have a recommendation?|Yeah, I would suggest the old schools.
Which one would you suggest?|i said old school. its entrance is free.
Can I have the postcode?|You got it. The postcode for old schools is cb21tt
Thank you that is all I needed.|You are welcome. Thank you for contacting Cambridge TownInfo centre regarding trains and attractions. Goodbye.
I want to find a place to visit in the centre in Cambridge please.|There are dozens of attractions in the centre of town. What type do you prefer?
I am looking for something like mutliple sports.|I'm sorry, but I don't have anything like in town center.  Cherry Hinton Village Centre is a multiple sports attraction in the east.  Does that work for you?
Hmm, how about a nightclub?|Ballare is available
Sure! Can I get the postcode and phone number? I also need a train from peterborough that arrives by 9:45.|Ballare is located in postcode cb23na and the phone number is 01223364222.  And where would the train from Petersborough be arriving?
I am going to Cambridge.|What day would you like to travel?
Monday, thanks.|I have several trains. The latest one is the TR2118 that arrives at 9:38. Would you like to book a ticket on that?
May I please ask what the price and travel time of TR2118 is, please?|Yes TR2118 leaves at 08:48 and arrives at 09:38, it is a 50 minute ride.
And the price?|The price is 16.50 pounds. May I help with anything else?
No thank you, you've been very helpful.|Enjoy your visit and have a great day. Thank you.
I need to take a train from bishops stanford on Friday. Can I book one here?|Sure thing. Do you have a departure or arrival time in mind?
I want to arrive in Bishops Stanford by 09:45.|We have two trains arriving in bishops stortford on Friday by 09:45. Are you traveling there from Cambridge?
Yes. I need to book a reservation for 8 people, and will need the reference number|Okay, there are two different trains. The first leaves at 05:29 and the second leaves at 07:29.
Please book the one for 07:29.|Would you like a reference number?
Yes, please. And after that I'd like some help finding a boat attraction.|What side of town would you like to be on?
I want to go boating on the east side.|camboats is on the east side. Do you need the address or phone number?
Both please. Also I still need the restaurant reference number.|your reference number for the train tickets, id FZR1XMYY. I am sorry what else did you need? I'm sorry for my colleague
I also need information on a boat attraction on the east|I have one boat attraction on the east, it is called camboats. The price is not listed, would you like the phone number?
Yes, the phone number would be great.|Sure, the phone number for Camboats is 01223902112. Can I help with anything else?
What is the entrance fee please?|I'm afraid I don't have that information. Can I help you with anything else?
No, thank you so much for your time.|My pleasure, have a nice day.
Can you tell me about the attractions in the center of town?|There are numerous attractions. We have museums, colleges, nightclubs are more! What are you interests?
Could you recommend a nice park?|The Cambridge university botanic gardens are very nice.
Oh, that sounds great. Can I get their phone number please?|Yes, it's 01223336265. Can I do anything else for you?
I am also looking for a hotel called finches bed & breakfast. What is the area, hotel type and price range?|Finches bed and breakfast is a guesthouse in the west and has a cheap price range. Would you like a reservation?
No, that's all for today. Goodbye.|Enjoy your stay here !
I am looking for a hotel with free parking.|I found 8 hotels, do you care about price or location?
I do prefer that it be expensive and include wifi. Location does not matter.|The University Arms Hotel has 4 stars and is in the town centre.  Does that interest you?
Yes, I would like to book that for five nights starting Wednesday and for eight people.|I have booked you stay at university arms hotel wednesday for 8 people for 5 nights. Your reference number is 1YHGVYSZ. May I help you with anything else?
I'm also looking for a nightclub to go to located in the centre.|There are 5 nightclubs in the centre area, they all have an entrance fee of 5 pounds but one, which has a fee of 4 pounds.
Can I get the address and phone number for the nightclub with an entrance fee of 4 pounds?|1-6 corn exchange street and the phone is 01223477900.  Is there anything else I can help with?
Nope, you have been great!|Thank you, please let me know if you need anything further. Bye.
I'd like to visit a museum.  What do you have in town within walking distance?|Which side of town will you be on?
Any area is fine.|Cafe jello gallery is a museum in the west area, it has free entrance. Would you like the address or phone number for it?
Sounds good . please get me their phone number , postcode and area.|The number for Cafe Jello Gallery is 01223312112. It is in the west end of town and the postcode is cb30af.
Thank you.  I also need a hotel with a 4 star rating in the expensive price range.|I have Huntington Marriott Hotel in the west, 4 star rating. Would you like a reservation?
I need to make reservations for 6 people and 2 nights from sunday.|just to verify, do you want the hotel for tuesday night? or for sunday and staying for two night?
I'm sorry, starting from Sunday for 2 nights, 6 people. If that fails try one night and provide the reference number.|I have been successful in this and your reference number is 7YAVA5YB.
Thank you. Now can you help me book a taxi to go from the hotel to the attraction? I'd like to leave the hotel by 8:45|Your taxi is all set! You will be picked up in a grey toyota and their contact number is 07189428446.
Great, thanks so much for all of your help today.  That is everything. Bye.|Glad I could assist you today. Enjoy your day.
I'm looking for an entertainment spot in town.|We have choices in the South, East, and West.  Do you have a preference for any location?
No, just tell me one you think is nice.|Try the nusha. It is in the south. Their phone number is 01223902158
May I also get the postcode, the address, and the entrance fee?|The address and postcode for Nusha are unit g6, cambridge leisure park, clifton road, cb17dy. There is no entrance fee information available.
Great! Thank you very much.|Glad I could help. Do you need anymore assistance?
No, that is all for today. Thank you|Thanks for using our service today. Goodbye!
I will be in Cambridge and am looking for some places to go in the centre while I visit.|I'd be happy to help you pick one! There are over 40 attractions in city centre; what type of activity are you interested in?
I don't really care.  Can you suggest something?|How about a museum?  Or we have some terrific colleges you could visit.  There's always the theatre as well.
How about a theatre? Can you give me the post code and phone number for one, please?|The Cambridge Arts Theatre is located at 6 saint edward's passage in postcode cb23pj. Their phone number is 01223503333.
Thank you! Can you help me find a hotel to stay in? I need it to have free wifi.|Just about every lodging in town has internet (it's 2017, after all!). Do you have a certain area or price range in mind?
It needs to be in the same area as theatre and have free parking. I don't care about the price.|Okay its address is located at 6 saint edward's passage and its postal code is cb23pj.
Can you book it for me? Just for one person starting on Wednesday for 5 nights.|I'm sorry, none of the hotels in the centre are free on those dates.  Would you like to try a different number of days?
Can you try for just 2 nights then?|Your booking at the Alexander bed and breakfast was successful, the reference number is L60GOSEU.
Can I please book a taxi to get to the hotel?|Sure.  What time would you like to be picked up from Cambridge Arts Theatre?
I'd actually like to be picked up from Alexander bed and breakfast by 15:30.|I have booked a black BMW to pick you up.  The contact number is 07334398349.
That's all for today.  Thanks for your help!|Thank you Goodbye
Are there any trains leaving Sunday that arrive by 11:30?|There are many trains to choose from, where are you looking to depart from?
Kings Lynn, to Cambridge.|There are two are available TR6003 leaving at 05:11 and arriving at 05:58 and TR0412 leaving at 06:11 and arriving at 06:58. Would you like me to book either one?
No thank you, I have all the information I need on that.  Thank you!|Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Yes I am looking for information on the regency gallery.|The regency gallery is a museum in the centre. It is located at 39 fitzroy street. Admission is free. May I help you with anything else?
No, that's all I needed, thank you so much!|Happy to be of service. Enjoy your time in Cambridge!
I am looking for Downing College. Can you give me information on it?|Sure, it is located in the centre area, on Regent Street, postcode cb21dq, their phone number is 01223334860.
And just to clarify, what sort of attraction is it? I assume it's a college but sometimes things are named oddly, you understand.|Yes, downing college is a college. Can I do anything else for you today?
I also need a place to stay. I am thinking a guesthouse in the east part of town.|There is a cheap guesthouse named Allenbell on 517a coldham lane if you are interested.
That sounds great.  Can I have the number?|The number is 01223210353.  I can make that booking for you, I would just need to know and arrival date and for how many people and length of your stay.
Can you confirm if this hotel is 4 star?  If so, I will need to book it for 1 person for five nights starting on wednesday.|It is four stars but unfortunately I cannot book it. Would you like to change the date?
Can you try for 2 nights instead?|I was able to book that, your reference is 4B5YCEFU.
Thanks. I also want to book a taxi to commute between the college and the hotel.|I can take care of that for you.  Would you like to be picked up at the college?  And at what time?
I want to leave the hotel at 15:15 to go to the college.|I have confirmed your taxi, a black bmw will be picking you up. Their contact number is 07830542895.  Can I help with anything else?
No, I think that takes care of it. Thank you.|Thank You, have a good stay. Goodbye.
i'm looking for places to go in town|Would you like to narrow that down a bit?
Can you suggest a nice place that has a swimmingpool?|We have four lovely pools. Is location important?
No location isn't important.  Please recommend one, and let me know the phone number.|I'd recommend parkside pools in the centre. Their phone number is 01223446100. Will that be all?
I also am looking for a hotel with a 0 star rating and free parking.|I, as a monopoly person am also a fan of free parking.   Two guesthouse meet your needs, one is in the north, the other in the centre, any preferences?
I really prefer a hotel to a guesthouse.  How about a hotel with free parking and a four star rating|There are three hotels matching your description. Do you have a preference regarding price range or area of location?
Nah, pick your favorite and book a room for me, please! We'll be arriving on Tuesday and staying 5 nights. There will be 6 of us.|Booking was successful.
Reference number is : VRCMYSEO.
Great, what was the hotel that you decided on for me?|The Huntington Larriott Hotel , can I help with anything else ?
Hello I am looking for a nice restaurant nearby that serve Portuguese , but I would also like the prices very affordable|Nandos is in the south area and they have wonderful Portuguese food! Would you like me to book that?
Are they a cheap restaurant? I want to save money for all the other plans we have during our trip.|yes. nandos city centre	fits your wants.
Great! Could you book a table there for 5 people on Thursday? We'd like to eat at 19:00.|Your table has been reserved for 15 minutes and your reference number is M1K2Y25N on Thursday at 19:00 for 5 people.
Thank you. I also want to go to a museum.|There are several museums available. What part of town would you prefer?
It can be in any area. Could you suggest one and give me some information about it, please?|The ruskin gallery is in the centre of town at anglia ruskin university, east road. The phone number and postcode are 01245493131 and cb11pt. Admission is free. Need anything else?
I also need a taxi between the two places.|Where would you like to depart from and what time would you like to leave and arrive by?
I need to arrive at the restaurant by the booking time.|Okay you got it. I've booked you a yellow ford. The contact number is 07887698411
Great!  That is all I needed.  Thank you.|No problem.  Enjoy your stay.
I am looking for a place to stay that includes free parking and is a guesthouse.|What part of town would you like to stay in?
I would like to stay on the east side. Can you also make sure the guesthouse has free wifi?|We have five guesthouses in the east which are 4 star and offer free parking and free wifi. Do you have a price range you'd prefer?
Not particularly. Could you let me know what the price range is for the five guesthouses?|The rooms range from moderate to cheap, which would you prefer?
What is the name of the cheaply priced guesthouse?|There are three cheaply-priced guesthouses. Their names are Allenbell, Autumn House, and Leverton House.
I guess any of them is good.|For how many nights and starting when?
Actually, there is no need to book for me. I can do that. But do you have any information on the Museum of Classical Archaeology?|Sure, the museum of classical archaeology is in the west, phone 01223335153, postcode cb39da,  address sidgwick avenue, free to enter.
Awesome, that's all I need.|Excellent. Thanks for texting us.
Have a great day.|You have a great day as well.
I'm looking for a museum.|Ok, there are 23 museums in Cambridge, was there an area you had in mind, or a type of museum?
How about a science museum?|How about the whipple museum of the history of science?
That sounds cool, I will just need the area it's in and the postcode. Oh, and how much is the cost to get in?|This museum is free to enter.  It is in the centre area, postcode cb23rh. Is there any more information that you need?
Yes I am looking for an expensive Korean restaurant in the city center.|I have found one Korean restaurant that matches your criteria, the restaurant is named little seoul. Would you like me to make reservations?
Yes please. I need a table for 2 on Wednesday at 11:15.|Little Seoul does not have an empty table at 11:15. Would you like to try a different time, or a different day?
How about 10:15?|Your booking has been successful! The reference number is BV8FODGD. Can I help with anything else?
That will be all. Thank you.|You're welcome! Have a great day.
I'd like to find something fun to do in the center of town.|Sorry, there's no entertainment in the centre of town. Would you like me to check surrounding areas?
Are there any movie theaters?|There's one - Vue Cinema. They have no entrance fee and their phone number is 08712240240. Can I help with anything else today?
Can I get the address for the Cinema please?|The address is The Grafton Centre, East Road. Do you need any more information?
I am also looking for a train.|Where will you be departing from?
I am looking for a restaurant in the centre in the expensive price range|There are 33 options. Do you want to specify food type?
I would love some modern european food.|darrys cookhouse and wine shop fits your needs.
Awesome! Can I make a reservation for Thursday?|We can try! How many people should I book the table for, and what time?
We'll be a party of 6 and we'd like to dine at 16:15 on Thursday, please.|Okay, Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Your Reference number is : WWQVD41C. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes I'm also looking for places to go in town.  Prefer that the attraction be a type of cinema.|The vue cinema would be a perfect choice.  the address is grafton centre, east road.  Unsure of entrance fee.  The phone number is 08712240240.
I'd like to book a taxi from the cinema to Darrys, I'd like to get to the restaurant by 16:15.|A blue audi will arrive for you. Here's their number just in case you need it. 07884218213
Thanks so much, that's all I needed today!|You're welcome, have a great day.
I want to find a museum located in the west.|how about cafe jello gallery? it's gotten great reviews.
What is the entrance fee? Can you please provide the address and postcode?|cafe jello gallery, 13 magdalene street. Postcode cb30af
I also need a dining place. International food in expensive range would work for me.|I'm sorry but it doesn't look like we have any listings for expensive international restaurants. Would you like to choose a different type of food?
are you sure?it should be in the west|I'm afraid there aren't any. Would you like to try a different price range or cuisine?
How about Indian?|There are 5 restaurants in the west that serve expensive Indian food. May I make a reservation for you?
As long as it serves indian we're good. I need the address and phone number|I recommend India House! It's located at 31 Newnham Road Newnham. Their phone number is 01223461661. Can I do anything else for you?
Can I get a taxi to take me between the two?  I need to leave the Cafe Jello attraction by 21:00.  I need the contact Number and car type?|Done! The car will be a red Tesla, and you may call 07730461220. Can I help you with anything else?
That is all of the information that I need, thank you.|Your welcome and if there is anything else please don't hesitate to give me a call back.
Can you tell what there is to do in the centre area?|There are many fun things to do in the center of town. Do you have a specific type of attraction in mind?
Hmm, well... me and my friends like to go to nightclubs. Are there any in that area of town?|There are 5 in that area. If I may, might I suggest The Fez Club. They have amazing music and a great atmosphere. The entrance fee is 5 pounds.
Thank you can you find me a place to eat as well.|Unfortunately, my information for restaurants is not coming up. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
I'm sorry, I forgot we already made reservations at a restaurant. Can you give me the postcode and phone number to the Fez Club that you found?|Sure the phone is 01223519224 and the post code is cb23hx
Great, thanks. Now I'd also like to find a hotel to stay at with free wifi and a star rating of 0.|I have three options for you; one hotel and two guesthouses. Does location or price range matter?
Not really and I don't need parking either.|Would you prefer a hotel or guesthouse?
I would like a hotel please.|I have one matching your criteria called Cityroomz located in the city center. Would you like me to book that for you?
No, but I do need the phone number of the hotel.|The phone number is 01223304050. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Yes I need a taxi to leave the hotel by 5:00 and the attraction.|Okay I have booked a car for you and it will be a white Lexus and the driver's contact number is 07610272474.
Thank you that is all I needed.|Thank you for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Have a great day!
I am trying to find a really neat museum to visit. Would you be able to tell me whats available out there?|We have many interesting museums, such as the Cambridge Artworks, Cambridge Museum of Technology, and the Whipple Museum of the History of Science. Anything in particular strike your fancy?
Are any of them in the centre?|Actually, I have 11 of them in the centre area. Might I suggest the Broughton House Gallery. It has free entrance and is located at 98 King Street.
That would be perfect. Can I get the phone number, please?|Yes. Their phone number is 01223314960. Can I help you with anything else?
No, not today, thanks. Goodbye.|Enjoy your visit. Thank you for calling Cambridge TownInfo Centre. Goodbye.
I am looking for a train departing from Bishops Stortford going to Cambridge.|There is one leaving at 05:29 if you would like to take that.
I need to leave on Tuesday and arrive by 11:30. Are there any trains that will get me there on time?|Yes - on Tuesday there are trains at 5:29, 7:29, and 9:29, all of which arrive before 11:30. How many tickets do you need?
Unsure, just gathering information right now. Could you give me the train ID of the train departing at 9:29?|Sure. The trainID is TR2083
Are there any attractions I can check out if I decide to go?|There are 79 attractions in Cambridge. Would you like to narrow it down by type of attraction or area?
I'm looking for someplace in the east, please.|Would you like to try the camboats attraction as it is located in the east?
Yes please. Can you give me the post code, phone number and address please.|The postcode, phone number, and address to comboats is: cb58sx, 01223902112, the plough, green end, fen ditton.
Thanks for all your help. Have a nice day.|You're welcome, enjoy the rest of your stay!
Hello, can you recommend local restaurants?|I have many options for restaurants in the area.  Is there a certain type of food you would like me to find information on?
No. I am interested in the Cambridge Arts Theatre. Can you provide me with the phone number and postcode?|Their phone number is 01223503333, and their postcode is CB23PJ. Can I help you with anything else?
Thanks for the theatre info. Let's go back to the restaurant search. I feel like Spanish food, in the moderate price range, please.|La Tasca sounds perfect for you. Would you like me to book it?
Yes, please book for 5 people on tuesday at 14:30. And I will absolutely need a reference number from you|You are booked with reference number NK0DZ1YI. Anything else?
I will also need to book a taxi.|Ok.  I will be happy to help you with that.  Where will the taxi pick you up?
Can the taxi pick me up from the Cambridge Arts Theatre.|Where would like the taxi to take you?
To La Tasca, by 14:30|yellow audi
Contact number	:	07845910981
Is there anything else I can assist you with?
That's all for now. Thank you for all your help.|Great, thanks for letting us help you!
I need a train that goes to Norwich.|Great. On which day will you be traveling?
I will be leaving on Sunday|Where will you be coming from?
I'll be leaving from cambridge. Is there a train that can get there before 17:15?|Yes, there is one that departs at 5:36 and arrives at 6:55 will that work?
That will work, can you book me seats for 7 and let me know the reference number?|Booking was successful, the total fee is 98.56 GBP payable at the station .
Reference number is : YGMYZLL2.
anything else i can help you with?
I'm also looking for something to help kill some time on the west side of town. Do you have any recommendations?|Sure what type of attraction were you looking for?
I don't have a preference. You pick.|the lynne strover gallery is located at 23 high street, fen ditton. their phone number is 01223295264. the admission is free. would you like help with something else?
What type of attraction this?|It is a museum.
What is the postcode?|The postcode is cb30aq.  Can I help you with anything else today?
Great, thanks. You answered all my questions and were very helpful. Have a good day. Bye.|Happy to be of help. Goodbye.
Hi there, I'm looking for a train to norwich. Heading out on Wednesday|Sure, what time do you need to get into Norwich by?
I would like to arrive by 16:15 if at all possible.|There are 10 results. What time would you like to leave?
I'd like to depart cambridge around 11:00. Can you find a train at that time? What is the price and train ID?|The TR2625 departs at 11:36 and arrives at 12:55.  The price is 17.60
Okay I also need a museum to go to in the centre.|The center is a great place to visit museums. There are 11 options all with no entrance fee. Do you have a preference?
No, can you recommend one?|I recommend broughton house gallery
Thank you so much, that's all I need! Take care!|Thank you, have a great trip!
I'm looking for place called club salsa.|That is a nightclub at 1 Station Road in the town centre.  What would you like to know?
I needed the address, so thanks for that!|You're welcome. Is there anything else I can help with today?
I'm also looking for info on a restaurant called pipasha.|Pipasha is an expensive restaurant serving Indian food in the east part of town. Do you need more information?
Could you tell me what area Pipasha is in along with the post code?|Pipasha is in the east. The full address is Newmarket Road Fen Ditton postal code cb58pa. Can I help you with anything else?
I'm gonna need a taxi to get from the club to the restaurant.  Can you schedule that for me?|What time would you like to leave the club by taxi?
I would like to leave by 21:45 please.|I have a yellow Lexus picking you up at Club Salsa at 21:45. The contact number is 07451777629. Can I help you with anything else today?
Nope. That will be all, thanks.|If you have any further questions, please let us help! Good bye.
Hello, can you help me find a museum?|Is there a certain area you're interested in? We have lots of museums in town.
Can you choose the one you like the best and tell me the postcode, phone number, and address?|I would suggest the broughton house gallery in the centre of town. Their address is 98 King Street, the post code cb11In, and the phone is 01223314960. It is free.
Thank you, that is all I need for today, goodbye.|Okay. Glad I could help. Have a great time. Goodbye.
Hey! I am looking for a train from Cambridge to Stevenage.|Trains depart approximately every 2 hours. What time would you like to leave/arrive by?
I need to travel on Wednesday, and I need to arrive by 16:45.|I have found several trains that begin leaving at 5:21 until 15:21 to arrive by 16:45. Trains cost 12.80 pounds and are 49 minutes long. Do you prefer early or later?
The 15:21 sounds good. I think all I need will be the train ID.|The train ID for the 15:21 is TR7245.
Fantastic, can you also give me information on the Fitzwilliam Museum?|It has free admission and is in the centre area.
Can I have the phone number and the address of the museum?|Absolutely. Their phone number is 01223332900. They are located on Trumpington Street. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No that will be all for now. Thank you.|Thank you for using our system!
I am looking to stay at the Lovell Lodge hotel and to see the areas local attractions.|I can definitely help you with that.  First let's book the hotel.  When were you wanting to stay?
The booking is for 5 people staying four nights from Saturday .|Would you like me to book that now?
Yes please book that for me.|Okay. I have reservations for 5 people starting on Saturday and staying for 4 days at the Lovell Lodge. The reference number is UPYAJTEP.
Thank you.  I have another request.  I am looking to find out more information on the Soul Tree Night Club.|This nightclub is located in the centre of town and has an entrance fee of 4 pounds.  Is there any other information that I can provide you with?
No, that's all I need for now.  Thanks for your help!|Your welcome, Have a great day
Hello I am looking for a college, can you help me?|There are 18 colleges in the city.  Are you looking for one in particular?
Do you have any in the centre?|There are 5 located in the centre. Would you prefer one that is free?
Sure! Which one do you recommend?|I love Downing College over on regent street.
What is the phone number and postcode for that one?|The postcode is cb21dq and they can be reached at 01223334860. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Could I get the complete address please?|Sure, the complete address for downing college is regent street post code cb21dq. May I assist with anything else?
No, you have helped me.  Thank you!|Great. I hope you enjoy your visit. Call us back if you need further assistance. Goodbye.
I am looking for a museum to visit!|Do you have a preference for which area of town?
I don't care which part of town it's in. I don't mind doing some walking.|How about Broughton House Gallery? It's located in the centre, at 98 King Street.
That sounds interesting! What is the post code?|The postcode for Broughton House Gallery is cb11ln. Is there anything else you need?
That'll be all. Thank you!|Have a great trip!
I am looking for information in Cambridge|Okay! What would you like to know?
I would like to find a train to Kings Lynn.|When would you like to travel to Kings Lynn?
On Friday, and I want to arrive by 19:15.|How about train 3112?  It leaves Cambridge at 05:11 and arrives in Kings Lynn at 05:58.
Thank you. How much would it cost?|It will cost 9.80 pounds per ticket.
Thank you. Could you recommend a college to visit?|how about christ's college?
Perfect. Could you tell me their phone number and area?|01223334900. That is in the Centre. Is there anything else?
No, there is nothing further.  Thank you so much for your help!|You are so welcome!  Have a great time!
Thank you, I will.|Try some of our great restaurants during your stay. Goodbye.
Hi. I'm looking for a train coming from london liverpool street and arriving by 14:00.|What day will you be traveling on?
I'll be travelling on Thursday.|There is a train that leaves at 5:39.
That sounds great.  Can I book one seat for that train?|Your booking was successful, the total fee is 16.6 GBP payable at the station .
Reference number is : RQWKODYJ.  Is there anything else I can do to assist?
I'm also looking for information on a attraction called downing college.|Oh yes, Downing College. It is located in the centre of town on Regent Street and It is free to visit. Is there anything else I can help with?
I need their phone number.|That phone number is 01223334860.  Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No thanks. That is all I need. Goodbye.|Thank you for using our service today.
I am looking for an expensive restaurant in the west part of town.|graffiti is an expensive place int he wet part of town.
I wasn't really planning for a swim, but I would prefer a place that serves Indian food. Are there any in the west?|I found five restaurants that meet your requests, and none of them require you to get wet.  Can I make a reservation for you at one of them?
No, but if you could pick me the best one and give me the phone number. That would be good.|I highly recommend india house. The phone number is 01223461661. Is there anything else I can help you with?
What is the address?|Here you go 31 Newnham Road Newnham
looking for places to go in town. The attraction should be in the same area as the restaurant.|We have everything from colleges to museums and entertainment. Do you have a preference?
Can you make a recommendation?|My favorite is the Cafe Jello Gallery at 13 Magdalene Street. Would you like their phone number?
Actually, I just need to know what the entrance fee is.|Best price of all, free of charge.  But the jello cups are extra, (kidding of course).  Any further questions today?
No that will be all.|Would you like me to book a reservation at the India House for you today?
I don't need you to book but I would like the postcode for india house, please.|The postcode for India House is cb39ey. Will that be all?
Yeah that will be all. Bye, thanks.|Have a nice day.
i need a place to stay|Okay! What part of town would you like to stay in?
I'd prefer something in the North, a 4 star hotel with free wifi if possible.|There are no 4 start hotels in the north with free wifi.
would you like to book something without free wifi, or in another area.|There are no 4 star hotels in the north are with free internet. Is there anything else I can help you with?
What about a guesthouse with 4 stars in the north?|Yes, I see several guesthouses available! They are all in the moderate price range; does parking matter to you?
The parking does not matter.|Yes, I would recommend Avalon.  It is at 62 Gilbert Road, postcode cb43pd.
Can you tell me the phone number?|Sure, the phone number is 01223353071.
Can you also help me find an indian place to eat.|Is there a certain area or price range you would like?
I'm sorry, I meant to ask for help finding something fun to do in town in the north side of town. I don't need a restaurant after all.|do you have a type in mind?
can I get a boat?|riverboat georgina is in the north. Would this work?
find me its entrance fee|Yes, I would have to give them a quick call. How many people and what day?
I'm not ready to book it. I would just like to know the entrance fee.|I'm sorry. The entrance fee for the Riverboat Georgina is unknown. Would you like the phone number?
no thanks that will be all then|I am glad that I can help. Have a nice stay.
I would like to know more about a restaurant called the panahar if you could help?|Sure! The Panahar is an expensive Indian restaurant in the centre of town. Would you like the phone number or address?
No thank you, can you book a table for 3 Friday at 18:30?|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : 3DNKJLT9. Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
I am also needing a place to go for entertainment. Can you help me find a place?|Do you have an area or type of attraction in mind? Funky fun house on the east side of town is fun for kids.
That sounds perfect. May I get the address please?|Sure, the address is 8 mercers row, mercers row industrial estate post code cb58hy. Would you like a reservation?
No thank you.  That is all I need today.  Goodbye.|Happy to help. Have a great day.
Hello there! I need a train to Cambridge on Monday.|What is your departure city?
I will be departing from stansted airport.  Also, I need to arrive by 14:15.|Sure, TR3304 will get you in Cambridge by 9:52.  Can I book a seat for you?
Well, that's a little early, but it should work.  I'd like to make a booking for 7 people actually.|OK, I've booked 7 tickets, reference number CY29I3SC. The fee will be 70.70, payable at the station. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
I am also looking for a multi sports in the centre of town.|I'm sorry but I don't see any multi sports in the centre of town. Is there another area of town I can check for you?
How about a museum?|Yes there are 11 in the area what kind of museum would you like?
Surprise me. I just need the address.|You should check out broughton house gallary, which is located at 98 king street.
Fantastic, thank you, that will be all.|You are welcome.  Have a nice day.  Bye.
I have an attraction in mind that I need help finding.|Maybe I could help.  Do you know the name of it?
Yes, it is called Nusha.|I've located Nusha and it's in the South. It's located in Cambridge Leisure Park on Clifton Road.
Ok, thank you. I also need to find a hotel that is expensive.|Okay, in what area?
I do not have a preference on the area.|I would recommend the university arms hotel, which is centrally-located and offers free wifi and parking. Does that interest you?
Is that a 1 star hotel?|No. I'm sorry. It's not a 1 star establishment. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Can you look for a 4 star hotel in the same price range?|How about the Hundington Marriott Hotel in the west? It gets 4 stars.
No thank you that will be all|Well, if you are sure, I hope you have a great visit! Thank you.
Hello! I'm looking for new places to go in Cambridge and am wondering if there is a theatre closeby.|There are four theatres in the centre and one in the south. Which area do you prefer?
Please recommend one for me that is in the center.|How about cambridge arts theatre?  It's located at 6 saint edward's passage.
Yes, that will do. I also need a place to stay.|In what area would you like to stay?
I am looking for a place in the south, and I don't need parking. But I do need 4 stars and wifi!|Aylesbray Lodge Guest House matches all your criteria except it does have parking.  Would that be a problem for you?
Yes, that's not a problem.|Do you need more info, or would you like me to reserve a room for you?
No need, but please give me their phone number.  thanks!|the aylesbray lodge guest house is located at 5 mowbray road.  the phone number is 01223240089.  will you be needing transportation?
Yes. I would like to leave the hotel by 8:45.|I have a Taxi picking you up at the hotel to take you to the theatre. A blue ford will arrive. The contact number is 07757926214
Thank you goodbye|thanks, enjoy your trip!
Hi, can you help me with some information on places to go in town?|Sure, what type of attraction are you looking for?
I'm looking for a swimming pool in the North.|Jesus green outdoor pool is in that area.
What's the address and entrance fee for that pool?|Adress, between victoria road and the river. The entrance fee is unknown. Is there anything else?
I would like a restaurant in the same area.|Okay, what type of food would you like to eat and what is your price range?
I would like  asian oriental food in the expensive range.|I found Saigon City matching.  Would you like to book a table there?
Yes please book a table for 1 person at 14:45 on friday.|Your table at Saigon City is booked for Friday at 14:45. The reference number is 2LC9ER6D. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Yes. I will also need a taxi to take me from Jesus Green Outdoor pool to Saigon City arriving in time for the reservation.|Booking completed!
Booked car type	:	yellow volkswagen
Contact number	:	07774063266
Thanks.  That was all I needed.  Goodbye.|You are welcome!  Enjoy your visit.
I'm looking for a train headed to Cambridge.|When and where would you like to depart?
I would like to depart from Stevenage on Wednesday.|Is there a particular time you would like to leave or arrive by?
I would like to arrive by 8:30.|There is one options available TR9448, leaves at 05:54 and arrives at 06:43.
Okay, could you tell me the price?|The 5:54 train is 12.80 pounds.
Can you book it for me and send me the reference number?|Booking was successful, the total fee is 12.8 GBP payable at the station .
Reference number is : 26GRQWBX.
I am also looking for the attraction, Tenpin.|Tenpin is in the south. The address is cambridge leisure park, clifton way.
Is there an entrance fee?|My database does not have that information currently available. Would you like the phone number so you can call and ask?
Are you sure? I've always been able to get that information from this system. Can you check again please?|Our system does not provide the entrance fee for tenpin. You don't have much experience with this system do you?
Yeah, my first time taking a trip here, sorry.   Im sure the fee is no big deal, thank you so much for your help.|Thank you for using our service today!
Hello. I'm planning a trip to cambridge soon and would like some information about sidney sussex college please.|They are a wonderful college located in the centre of town. They offer free admission. They are located on Sidney Street, postcode cb23hu. Their phone number is 01223338800.
Will I be able to find it with just the street name?  Is that the full address?  Sidney Street?  Please provide me with the full address.|Yes, it is just on Sidney Street.  I don't know the number but it is very prominent.  You won't miss it.
OK, thanks! I'm also looking for a cheap place to stay that has free parking.|Ok, you have about 10 different choices. Do you have a preference as to what area you would like to stay in?
Yes, I am looking for one in the East and it should be guesthouse type.|Alright, I have 3 guesthouses that matches your need. They are the Allenbell, Autumn House and Leverton House. Would you like to book a room at one of these?
Can you tell me how many stars they are and if they have free internet?|All of them have a 4-star rating and offer free wifi and free parking. Can I book a room for you at one of them?
Yes, please book a space for one.|For how many days, and starting when would you like?
Actually I will book it myself.  Allenbell sounds perfect.  Thank you, this is all I needed.|Please don't hesitate to let us know if you need anything else.
You've been very helpful.  Goodbye.|Thank you! If you need anything else don't hesitate to contact me again!
Hi I will be in cambridge next week and I need to find a type of boat, in the north can you help me find one?|Sure, the riverboat georgina offer passenger cruisers and they are located in the north.
Sounds interesting. What is the fee? Also can I have their phone number and postcode?|I don't have the entrance fee, but the phone number is 01223902091 and the post code is cb43ax.
Thanks. I also am looking for a restaurant to dine in that serves Chinese food and would prefer close to the attraction.|I have 3 options here. Do you have a preference for the pricerange?
No, no preference. Can you tell me the names of the 3?|We have hakka, golden wok, and the hotpot. Can I book one, if so what date, time and for how many people?
That would be for one person at 19:00 on friday please.|Hi, I was able to book Your table at  Hakka. the reference number is JRF1SH26.
Great, thanks! That's all I need today. You've been a wonderful help.|You are welcome. Thanks for calling Cambridge TownInfo Centre. Have a good day.
I am looking for a place to stay in the moderate price range. It must include free parking.|Is there a specific part of town you would like to stay in?
I would prefer to stay in a 2 star hotel in the north.|The Ashley hotel is a 2 star hotel in the north with free parking in the moderate price range. I can book this for you.
That would be great! Can you let me know what the post code is? Thank you!|The postcode is cb41er. How long would you like to stay and how many should I book the hotel for?
I don't need to book it at this time. Can you help me find a place to visit while I'm in town? I'd like a swimming pool in the North.|We list two swimming pools in the north area, jesus green outdoor pool and kings hedges learner pool. Would you like more information on either of those?
Can you give me the phone number and postcode for the Jesus Green pool, please?|Sure, the phone number is 01223302579 and the postcode is cb43px. Can I help with anything else today?
No that is all thank you.|Thank you, goodbye.
I'm looking to book a train, if you could help me.|We can definitely help you with that. Where will you be departing from, and what is your destination?
depart from stevenage and should arrive by 15:30.|I can certainly look that up for you, what is your destination?
cambridge on teusday. book for 7 people and please  get me  reference number.|I was able to book on train TR9263  for Tuesday leaving at 05:54 and arriving at 06:43.  The total fee is 89.6 GBP and the reference number is 0QGD9JB5.
Thank you I also need to find a college to go to.|Okay, I found 18 colleges all over town. Is there a particular area you're interested in so I can narrow down your options?
Whichever you recommend is great|I recommend clare hall located at herschel road and has free entrance.
What part of town is it in?|Clare Hall is in the west part of town. Do you need more information?
Thank you! Can you please tell me the postcode?|The postcode is CB3 9AL. What else can I help you with?
That is everything thank you so much.|Thank you for using our services. Have we met all of your needs?
Yes, you have. Thank you.|You are welcome. Thank you for contacting Cambridge TownInfo centre. Goodbye.
I am looking for places to go in Cambridge.|There are 79 places to go in my database. Can you narrow down your requirements, please? Perhaps by type or area?
I'm looking for a college. Will you please give me the entrance fee, postcode, and phone number?|The first college alphabetically is Christ's College, which is free to enter.  The postcodee is CB23BU and the phone number is 0122334900
Now I need to find a restaurant in the centre of town that is cheap.|Okay I have as many as 15 choices that satisfy those criteria. Would you like to narrow it down by food type?
The restaurant should serve Greek food.|Sorry, no results returned for Greek food
How about mediterranean?|The gardenia fits your criteria and serves Mediterranean. Would you like me to make a reservation?
No, but I would like to have the address and postcode.|The address and the postcode are: 2 Rose Crescent City Centre cb23ll
Excellent! Thank you so much for the help!|You're welcome. Do you require further assistance?
No, I have everything I need.|Alright! Enjoy your stay in Cambridge!
I will be traveling soon and am excited about seeing some attractions.  I am looking for a place to stay when I get there.|I can certainly help with that! Can you tell me a little more about what you're looking for?
Thank you! I would like to stay in the North part of town, please.|There are many places to choose from. Do you have a certain price range you want to stay in? How about free wifi and parking?
I definitely need free wifi, and I'd like a 4 star place.|The archway house is in the north and 4 stars
That sounds great! What's their address and phone? And is that a hotel or a guesthouse?|archway house is a guesthouse. The address is 52 gilbert road and the phone number is 01223575314. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Thanks.  Yes, I am also looking for places to go when I get there.  Are there any cinemas in the same area as Archway House?|What price range are you looking for?
I am looking for a cinema, are there any in the area?|I have 2 cinemas. One is in the south. The other is in the centre of town. Which do you prefer?
I need a cinema in the north.|Unfortunately there are no cinemas in the north part of town. Would you like me to see if we have a few located in a different area?
What about a pool in the north?|There are 2 pools in the north, jesus green outdoor pool and kings hedges learner pool. Would you like more information on one of them?
Can I have the phone number and postcode for Kings Hedges?|01223353248	and cb42xh respectively
Thank you, I also need a taxi to communte between the two places. I'll need to leave the kings hedges learner pool by 3:45.|look out for a blue ford. the contact is 07584361462
Okay, great. Thank you for your help!|No problem, is there anything else I can help with?
No that's all thank you for the help!|Glad, I could help you plan your experience in cambridge, enjoy your day.
Good evening, I need to take a train from Cambridge to Norwich.|What day and time do you want to travel?
I want to leave on Wednesday and arrive by 15:30.|I have train TR1144 leaving at 5:36 and arriving at 6:55. Would you like to make reservations for that?
Yes, that would work. I don't need a ticket though. But, can I ask the price per ticket?|The price is 17.60.  Can I help you with anything else?
i'm also interested in places to go in town.|What area would you be in?
I would like information on the colleges in the centre please.|I have 13 results that match, is there anymore information you can give me on what you are looking for?
recommend any and give me the entrance fee and postcode|gonville and caius college have free admission. Their postcode is cb21ta
Thanks, that's all I need for today|Thank you for using our services. Have we met all of your needs?
Yes, thank you very much. That will be all.|Thank you for calling and have a great day. Goodbye.
Can you help me find a cheap african restaurant in the centre?|We don't have any cheap African restaurants in the centre of town. Would you like to search for something different?
Yes can you check for italian please?|There are 3; I'd recommend Ask. They have great food and pretty great service, too. Would you like to reserve a table?
Sorry, I'm actually looking for moroccan food.|I apologize, we don't have any Moroccan cuisine available in the city.  Is there another type of cuisine you might like to try?
How about Portuguese?|nandos city centre is a wonderful Portuguese restaurant. Would you like me to book a table for you?
Yes can you book a table for four please at 17:00?|I just did reserve for 4 at 17:00 a the nandos city centre. Would you like help with an anything else?
What is the reference number for that reservation?|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Reference number is : WS5P73O7.
I apologize, I need an earlier reservation now for 7 people at 15:45 on Friday. Can you reschedule?|NO worries, I have updated the reserved time, the reference number is 69XP42LR.  Any further questions?
I could use a recommendation on a nightclub in the centre of town.|What side of town would you like to be on?
I'd like to stay around the restaurant.|What price point is good for you?
Cheap price please.|What area of town would you like your hotel?
I don't need a hotel.  I'd just like a recommendation for a nightclub near the restaurant.|The soul tree nightclub is pretty fun. They're at 1-6 corn exchange street.
Do you know what the entrance fee is?|The entrance fee is 4 pounds.
Great that is everything, I apologize for being so high maintenance, thanks for the help.|Have a nice day.
Where is Finches Bed and Breakfast located?|It is located at 144 thornton road postcode cb30nd and the phone number is 01223276653.
How can I book a room?|I'd be happy to do that for you, if you want to give me your details.
I need to book it for 3 days starting on Wednesday. There are 6 people in my party.|Your booking was successful. Your reference number is 1KB3H7VC. May I help you with anything else?
Yes, I'm also interested in finding some kind a multiple sports place to go while I'm in town.  Is there anything like that?|There is the Cherry Hinton Village Center in the east. Would you like more information?
Please, what's their phone number and what area are they in?|Their phone number is 01223576412 and they're located in the east.
Thank you, that is all I need today.|You are most welcome, have a wonderful day!
Hello, I am looking for some entertainment.|We've got plenty of attractions all around the city, is there a particular area you were looking at?
Nothing in particular. What do you recommend?|I recommend nusha in the south.
Awesome, could you please give me their phone number?|Sure, their phone number is 01223902158. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No, I think that's it for today. Thank you. Goodbye.|You're welcome and thanks for using our help desk. Goodbye.
I would like to blow my budget at an expensive restaurant in the centre area.|Sounds like you are celebrating.  What type of food do you want to have?
I'd love to have some Persian food.|Unfortunately, there aren't any expensive Persian restaurants in the center of town. Are you interested in a different type of expensive food?
how about one that serves european food?|I could recommend Eraina. It is expensive and serves European food in the center.
Sounds perfect. Can you book me a table for 2 at 17:45 on wednesday?|I have booked a table for two at Eraina. Your reservation is at 17:45 on Wednesday, and your reference number is QEYTLGLK. Can I help you with anything else?
Is there park in the same area as the restaurant? If so can you tell me what the entrance fee is?|The Cambridge University Botanic Gardens is in the centre of town. Entrance fee is 4 pounds. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Could I get a taxi please from that park to take me to the restaurant in time for my reservation? And give me contact number and car type too please|Yes, a white bmw is booked. The contact number is 07805333203. Will that be all for you?
Yes, that's it! Thanks so much, bye!|You're welcome and enjoy your stay.
I'm looking for a college to visit in the centre of town.|There are some nice campuses there.  I particularly like Downing College on Regent Street.  Do you have any particular questions I can answer?
What is the address of Downing College.|That address is regent street.
What about the postcode?|The postcode is cb21dq.
Thank you. I'd also like some hotel information.|What would you like me to look up for you?
I need a room for 5 people, 4 nights at the Acorn Guest House. We'll arrive on Sunday.|Okay you got it. I made your reservation, and the reference number is DCJI0F6E.
Thanks! That's all I need.|Great. I hope you have a nice trip. Bye.
I am looking for Warkworth House hotel. Any information on it?|It's a guesthouse in the moderate price range with a 4 star rating, internet, and free parking.
Ok, and what area of town is that in?|It is in the east part of town.
Thank you.  Are there any attractions I could visit in the town centre?|There are 25 possible attractions in the requested area. Are you looking for any specific types of attractions?
No not really. Can you recommend me an attraction that's in the centre area? Can I also get the address, entrance fee, and phone number for it? Thanks!|There are forty four attractions in that area, could you tell me what type you would like to book?
Whatever is the most popular attraction|You should check out All Saints Church. It has great architecture and free entrance. It's located on Jesus Lane cb58bs. The phone is 01223452587. Would that work for you?
Great, thank you for the info.  Have a nice day!|Did you need any further assistance today, or are you all set?
I'm all set. Thanks for your assistance.|We are happy to help. Thanks for using our service.
I am looking for a moderate price 3 star hotel. Can you help with that please?|There are four hotels that match your criteria.  Would you like to tell me more about your trip so I can help find the best one?
I'm looking to stay at a guesthouse please.|alpha-milton guest house looks like a good location would you like that?
Yes please.  I need to book it for Monday for 4 guests staying 2 nights.|I am sorry but that was unsuccessful. Would you like to book another day or shorter stay?
Can you try booking it for just one night? If that works I will need the reference number, too.|That went through! Your reference number for your one night stay at the Alpha Milton Guest House is WKUZW2QI. Do you need anything else today?
Great! I am also looking to do something fun, what kind of entertainment is available in the south area?|There is tenpin in the south that I recommend. Does that interest you?
Sure, is it labelled as entertainment?  I will just need the postcode.|Yes the tenpin is labelled as entertainment, the postcode is cb17dy. Can I help with anything else?
No thank you. Thank you for everything!|You're welcome!  And you have a great day!
Find me a train that leaves after 11:00 on Wednesday|ok, and what is your destination?
I'll be leaving cambridge with a destination of stevenage.|The earliest train after that time is TR3844. It departs at 11:21 and arrives in Stevenage at 12:10. Would that work for you or would you like a later train?
Yes please. I need the travel time.|It is a 49 minute ride, it will cost 12.80 pounds.  Would you like me to make reservations for you?
Not right now, thanks. I would like to go to a museum while I'm in town, though.|Were you looking for one in a particular area?
No, any area is fine.  Can you suggest one?|The Broughton House Gallery is a free museum located in the centre. Would you like more information about it?
I would like the address and phone number.|Located at 98 king street. Number is 01223314960.
Great thanks.  That's all I need.|Do you need me to look up info about another place or attraction? Anything?
No, I think you've answered all my questions.  Thank you!|No problem! Have a great day.
What museums can I visit in town?|The broughton  house gallery is a museum located in the center of town.
That sounds great.  Can you give me the area and phone number for that museum?|Sure, the phone number is 01223314960.  It is located in the centre area.
I also need a train that is leaving on Thursday going to Cambridge.|The TR2775 Leaves London Kings Cross Thursday at 5:17 and arrives in Cambridge 51 minutes later.  Does that work?
Yes as long as it arrives by 16:30 and I will be departing from Stevenage|TR2833 departs Stevenage at 13:54 on Thursday and arrives in Cambridge at 14:43. I can book a ticket, if you like.
ok, yeah get me a ticket|Okay, your ticket has been reserved. Your reference number is YOAVPYXH. Can I help you with anything else?
That will be all! Thank you!|You're welcome, have a great day.
I need a centre attraction.|I have many attractions in the centre.  Do you have a particular type in mind?
What types of attractions are there and what are the entrance fees?|There are over 40 attractions in the centre, in every type of venue. Let's narrow it down a bit and I'd be happy to provide further details. Museum? Architecture? Boats? Colleges?
Boats sounds interesting!|Scudamores punting company and the cambridge punter both offer boating in the centre. Would you like their addresses?
No, but could you tell me what their entrance fees are?|I do not have any information on what their fee is, you may want to call them.  They are reachable at 01223359750
I'm also looking for a restaurant in the expensive price range and in the same area.|We have quite a few options, is there any cuisine in particular that you would like?
Yes, are there options for mexican?|I am not seeing any Mexican restaurants in the expensive price range in that area.  Would you like me to try another search for you?
Can you see if maybe there is a French restaurant with the same criteria?|Cote is an expensive french dining experience. Would you like to book a table?
Yes, give me a table for 6 people at 18:00 Sunday.|The booking was unsuccessful, do you have a different day or time?
Lets try 5pm|Booking was successful. The reference number is : NYEUMZ53.
Can you book me a taxi from Scudamore's punting company to the restaurant?|Please give me information about when you want to leave and arrive.
Yes, I would like to arrive at the restaurant by the booking time at 17:00|Booking was completed! the car is a black skoda
	
Contact number	:	07731972489
Hi, I need a train leaving Cambridge after 14:30.|There is a train leaving Cambridge for Birmingham New Street on Friday at 15:01 for 75.10 pounds. The trip will take 163 minutes.
Excellent.  Can you assist me in booking a ticket?|Certainly. Your reference number is KPFTA841.
Wait...I didn't specify how many people. Can I cancel KPFTA841?|Sure, how many tickets do you want?
I need it for 8 people|All right sir. I've booked it for eight people. Your reference number is ZN7ZX8O2.
Can you recommend a fun place to visit while I am in town?|One of my favorites is in the centre part of town and it's a museum called Scott Polar Museum.  It is free.  Is that of interest to you?
Yes could I please get the phone number?|Sure - their phone number is 01223336540.
That's all I need today.|Thank and enjoy !
I will. Thanks for your help!|thanks for inquiring with us
I am looking for information in Cambridge.|What type of information?
I need a train leaving Cambridge on Wednesday after 16:45.|Sure, I can help you with that.  Where would you like to leave from?
I would like to leave after 16:45 and go to norwich please.|TR1309 departs at 17:36 and arrives by 18:55. Would you like a ticket?
No thanks. I also need places to go in the centre.|We have quite a few nice attractions in the centre. Do you know what type you'd be interested in visiting?
I'm not sure, can you provide me a list of attraction types along with their entrance fees and postcodes so that I can decide?|There are 44 attractions, including architecture, colleges, and more. Does any of that sound appealing?
How about a museum?  I'll just need the entrance fee and postcode.|How about the broughton house gallery?  It's free and at cb11ln.
Great ill check it out. Thats everything I need thanks|Have a great day. Glad to be of service.
Thanks for your time, goodbye.|I hope you have a wonderful trip, thanks for calling!
Could you help me find a 3 star hotel with free wifi in Cambridge?|I found 5 hotels do you have a part of town you prefer? South, north, west or centre?
I would like a hotel in the moderate price range in the centre of town.|I'm afraid there are no hotels that will meet your needs. Would you like to try a different area of town or price range?
Could you find me a hotel that is in the west with the same criteria?|It sounds like Hobsons House is the perfect guesthouse for you. Would you like me to book a stay?
What is the phone number? Do they have free parking?|Yes, they do have free parking, and the phone number is 01223304906	. Is there any other information you need?
Yes one more thing,  I am looking for an attraction in the "architecture" category and I would like it to be close to the hotel please.|I am afraid we have nothing that matches your request. Would you like to try another area?
Yes, are there any museums in that area?|There are 7 museums in the west. My personal favorite is Cafe Jello Gallery. Entrance is free! Would you like more information?
Yes, can I have the postcode, address, and phone number for Cafe Jello, please?|sure, phone number is 01223312112 postcode is cb30af and the address is cafe jello gallery, 13 magdalene street
I'll also need a taxi to get between the two places, I'd like to leave Cafe Jello by 4pm.  Can I have the car type and a contact number?|Sure thing! I have you booked for a blue bmw and the contact number is 07359941913. Can I help you with anything else?
I am looking for a place to stay, preferably a guesthouse.|There are 24 guesthouses. Do you have a specific area of town you would prefer? Or maybe a price range or number of stars you would like?
It should be on the north side of town and cheap.|Do you have a price range in mind?
I would prefer in the cheap range.|I have 2 that are cheaper. The Worth House is 4-star rated. City Centre North B&B has 0 star rating. Both offer free wifi and parking. Do you have a preference?
Why don't we go with the Worth House.|I'd be happy to book you a room. How many people and for which day?
Can you book a room for Friday for 5 people, 4 nights please?|Your booking was successful and your reference number is IJ1HUBDZ.
Great.  Can you also book a taxi for me to commute between these places?|I'd be happy to book you a taxi, but to do that I will need a destination or starting point, in addition to Worth House.
What about an attraction in the same area as the hotel?|I have 4 different attractions in the north. I have 2 swimming pools, a park, and a boating attraction. Do you have a preference?
Not really. I will pick one that interests me. Could you get me a taxi to take me from the hotel at 09:30?|Sure. Milton Country Park is a nice free attraction. I booked you a taxi that will pick you up at 9:30 from your hotel. It's a white audi, contact is 07080139469
Great!  I can't think of anything else I need  Thank you for your help.|No problem, happy to be assistance.
You were very helpful.|I hope you enjoy your stay.  Have a nice day.
Hi, I'm looking for information about places to go in the centre of town.|Okay! There are 44 attractions in the Centre part of town. What type of attraction would you like to visit?
What do you recommend? I will need the address and attraction type of what you recommend.|cambridge university botanic gardens is a park in the centre of town. Their address is bateman street
What type of attraction is that?|It is a park, with emphasis on plants.  There are many other types of attractions as well, such as museums.
Okay, great. I'll also need a place to stay. I'd like for it to have free parking and be expensive.|we have a variety, in what area do u prefer?
I'm not familiar with the areas of town, but I'd really like a 3 star guesthouse.|We have three 3-star guesthouses with free parking, but they're moderately priced and you wanted something a bit pricier. Do you think one of these would work?
Are there any hotels with 3 stars, free wifi, free parking, and expensive?|You might be interested in the Gonville Hotel in the centre of town.  It's address is Gonville Place.  Would you like me to reserve you a room?
Yes, that will be fine. I'll need it booked for Wednesday. We will be staying 3 nights. It will be 7 people.|Booking was successful. Reference number is : FF7ZD6BZ. May I assist you with anything else ?
That is all. Thanks so much!|No thank you that will be all
I am trying to book a train to peterborough. Can you help me?|There are many trains to peterborough. Can you tell me where you'll be leaving from and what day and time you're interested in traveling?
I am not sure what time I need to leave but has to be Saturday and depart from cambridge to arrive by 11:45|I can book you for an arrival by 11:24 and leaves at 10:34. Would you like me to book that for you?
Yes, please book that for me please.|How many tickets would you like?
Just one of them please, can I get the reference number?|You're booked with 1 ticket on TR3596, departing cambridge at 10:34 on Saturday and arriving peterborough at 11:24. The reference number is F92QQR6F.
Thank You. I would also like to know about places to go?|There are several attractions. Is there a specific type of attraction or area you would like to go to?
Something that is for entertainment, cinemas, museums, theatres, please.|whipple museum of the history of science is a museum that has a free entrance fee and located in the centre.
Great. Would you be able to provide me with their phone number?|Yes sure. their telephone number is 01223330906.
What is the postal code for the Whipple Museum?|The postcode is cb23rh.
Thank you, that will be all I need for today.|Wonderful! Have a great day.
I would like to find some entertainment in the centre of the city.|I don't have anything that meets those criteria. Can I check something else for you?
How about some architecture to visit in the center?|I am showing 5 architecture in the centre. I could recommend all saints church.
Ok, what's the phone number?|They are reachable at 01223452587, anything else that I can assist with?
Yes, please find a restaurant in the moderate price range and same area as the attraction.|I am showing 21 restaurants in that area and price. Is there a certain cuisine you would enjoy?
How about portuguese food?|Unfortunately, there are no portuguese restaurants that meet your requirements. Can I look for something else for you?
How about international food?|I am showing two international restaurants near the centre. The Varsity Restaurant and Bloomsbury Restaurant. Would you like more information on either one?
Please book the Varsity for 5 people on tuesday at 17:00.|Sure, your booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes, reference number E8SV1E0D. May I assist you with anything else?
That is all thanks.|You're welcome. Have a nice day.
I'm looking for someplace to go in town.|I'd be happy to help you find something.  Are you looking for something in town centre? There are cinemas, colleges, concert halls just to name a few.
I'd love to try a local restaurant|We have many restaurants in town. What type of cuisine are you looking for, and what's your budget like?
First, I need an attraction in the east. Can you choose one and get me the entrance fee, postcode, and attraction type? Then I'd like an expensive restaurant in the east.|I'm sorry, that's a lot of information for just one response. There are 10 attractions in the east - do you care what sort?
Just do what I say! I don't care what you choose! Give me the necessary information too. Then, get me a restaurant in the east that's expensive north indian food|Try the Cambridge Museum of Technology which is a museum. The entrance fee is 5 pounds and postcode is cb58ld. There are no expensive North Indian restaurants in the east.
How about expensive restaurants that serve Indian food in the same area?|For expensive restaurants with Indian food, we have Pipasha, and the Sitar Tandoori.
I want the Pipasha for 1 at 16:30 on Saturday.|I apologize but I was not able to book for that time. Would you like me to try another time slot?
Yes try 15:30 on saturday and need a reference number thank you.|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : MKRUJ1BR. Is there anything else I can do for you?
Great! That is everything I needed. Thank you!|We are happy to help. Thank you for using our service. Have a great day!
Hi, I am traveling to Cambridge and am super excited to see some local tourist attractions.  I am looking for some suggestions on places to  go in town.|There are 79 attractions in Cambridge. There are churches, museums, swimming pool, and many more attractions.  What are you interested in doing?
Perhaps I'd like to see a museum.  Are there any in the centre?|There are 11 museums in the centre area. There is a science museum, an art and antiques museum, and 9 others. What kind of museum are you interested in?
Does not matter can you just recommend one please.|Castle Galleries is a very nice museum in the centre, and their entrance fee is free!
Excellent. Can I please have they're phone number and address please?|They are located at unit su43, grande arcade, saint andrews street, cb23bj. You can reach them at 01223307402.
Thank you.  I am also needing help booking a guesthouse in the north part of town.  Can you assist me with that?|You're in luck. There are 11 guesthouses in the north. What amenities are you looking for?
4 people for 5 nights starting Sunday and I also need the ref # too please|Ok great, we have you booked in the alpha-milton guest house at 63 milton road.  Your Reference number is : KPUSMIB9.  Thank you!
I am planning a trip to Cambridge.  Looking for a place to stay in the East!|There are many can I get a price range please?
I am not particular as along as it has 4 stars and free wifi.|There are six guesthouses that meet your needs. I have heard wonderful things about Leverton House on Newmarket Road. Would you like me to make a reservation?
I prefer a hotel, is there a hotel in this area that is 4 star?|I am not finding any that meet your requirements. Is there something else you are looking for?
Ok. Leverton House guest house sounds fine.  Can you book it for 2 nights on Monday?  There will be 7 people.|Your booking for Leverton House was successful. The reference number for this stay is 8RX4FFKM. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Could you help me find a college in the east to tour?|There aren't any colleges located in the east. Do you want to search in other areas or do you want to find a different kind of attraction?
Could you find me a museum instead?|Sure we have many colleges to choose from. Would you like a recommendation?
Yes, please. And I will need the postcode for it.|I recommend, the gallery at twelve a high street, their postal is cb15dh, any further questions?
I need also a taxi to leave the hotel by 2:30|Please provide me with a Taxi that can arrive by 2;30, I would like a phone & reference number.
I'm confused. I need a taxi between the two places that leaves the hotel by 2:30. Can you help me with that?|Booking completed!
Booked car type	:	white ford
Contact number	:	07492685180
Thank you very much! That is all I need.|Thank you for contacting us and have a nice day.
I'm interested in visiting colleges while in town, can you please recommend some?|I can recommend clare hall and christ's college.  You need phone numbers for either one?
I would like the post code for clare hall please.|Sure, that post code is cb39al. Can I further assist you?
Yes I also need a train to stansted airport on sunday|Sure. Where will you be departing from, and what time?
I am leaving from Cambridge. I would like to leave sometime after 18:00.|Okay the TR5009 leaves at 18:40.
That sounds great, do I call to book a seat or can you help me?|I would be more than happy to help you book! Tickets are 8.08 pounds. How many tickets would you like me to book for your trip?
Please book for 6 people.|Booking was successful, the fee is 48.48 GBP payable at the station .
Reference number is 4ESBHTB0.  Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, thanks. That's all I needed.|I'm glad I was able to help you. Thanks for using our service have a nice day.
I am interested in boat attractions.|There are 4 boat attractions. Do you want to specify an area?
Are there any boat attractions in the west?|There are no boat attractions in the west. The boat attractions are located in the east, north and centre areas. Will either of these areas work for you?
I see, can you tell me about museums in the west then. And what is the postcode?|There are 7 museums in the west, a few are cafe jello gallery, cambridge and county folk museum, kettle's yard, and lynne strover gallery. Which would you like?
What is the postcode of the county folk museum?|The postcode is cb30aq.
Thanks I also need a train leaving monday arriving by 1900|Can you tell me where you are going to and from please?
I am going from stevenage to cambridge. I need the price, travel, and depart times please.|There is a train leaving from stevenage at 17:54 and arriving in cambridge at 18:43. The price is 12.80 pounds. The trip is 49 minutes.
Thank you so much! I think that covers all the information I need today.|Sure! Would you like to book the train, or is there anything else I can do for you today?
That is all.  Thank you!|Alright, have a nice day!
I'm looking for an expensive place to eat that serves British food, are there any in town?|There are 6 restaurants that meet that criteria. Do you have a preferred area?
No, but I need to book a table for 4 people at 14:30 on monday.|I have confirmed your reservation at the cambridge chop house for Monday at 14:30.  Your reference number is VA1DPB9K. Do you need any further assistance?
Where are some places to go on the east side of town?|We have 10 listings for the east area. What type of attraction are you interested in?
Actually, I would like you to make a recommendation for me.|I've heard the Camboats are fun, as well as the Funky Fun House.  Do either of those interest you?
What's the attraction type? I need a taxi to commute to the restaurant by my reserved time from the attraction, and will need the contact number and car type.|The Camboats are boats, while the Funky Fun House is entertainment.
Okay, I think I'd like to do the Caamboats.|Alright, I have a taxi booked to take you from Camboats to the Chop House. It will be a grey BMW, the contact number is 07699651220.
Okay, I think that's all I need. Thanks for the help!|You're welcome. Enjoy your stay!
I'm looking for a train.|I'll be happy to help. Can you tell me where you are leaving from and where you are going?
I am looking for a train that goes to Peterborough from Cambridge and arrives by 19:00.|What is your departure day and time?
I'll be leaving monday and the departure time doesn't matter.|for 16.50 pounds TR9859 leaves at 05.56
Okay, does TR9859 arrive by 19:00?  I would also like the travel time, please.|I'm sorry for the confusion.  I don't show TR9859.  I have TR0607 that leaves at 18:06, arrives at 18:56.  Travel time is 50 minutes.  Does that work?
Sure that's fine, does that have the same price?|Yes, the price is 16.50 pounds. Can I help you with anything else today?
Yes, I am also looking for more information on parkside pools. Can you tell me what kind of attraction it is?|Parkside Pools is a swimming pool located in the centre of town. They are located at Gonville Place. Their postcode is cb11ly. They can be reached at 01223446100.
That sounds like the best attraction ever. Thank you for all your careful assistance. Have a lovely day! Bye!!|And you have a wonderful day as well!
Hello. I am looking for a cheap guesthouse to stay in in Cambridge. Can you help?|Yes. There are three cheap 4 star guesthouses.  There is one in the centre and two in the east.
I need one that includes free wifi.|Ok, I have several. Do you have a particular area in mind?
I'd like to have you make a reservation at the one in Centre (providing it has free wifi too) starting on Wednesday.|Yes it has fre wifi,how many people staying and how many nights please?
There will only be 1 person.|How many nights will you be needing?
I'll be staying for our nights.|Would you like that booked?
Yes, one person, 4 nights starting Wednesday. Reference number for that, parks to visit. Area, address and phone number and a taxi to arrive at 17:00, contact number and car type.|The reference number for that is: DXZBH03X. Would you like a park near the hotel? We will need more information to book the taxi, where will it be departing from and arriving to?
Yes, I would like a park near the hotel.|There are five parks. The cambridge university botanic gardens is located in the centre, just like the hotel.
That sounds great! Can I please have the address and phone number?|They are located on Bateman Street I don't know the exact address and their phone number is 01223336265. Is there anything else I can help with today?
Yes, I had mentioned I will need a taxi between the park and the hotel.|I am sorry I need a time to schedule the cab please
I wouold like to leave The cambridge university botanic gardens by 17:00|It's all booked. Be expecting a yellow Volvo. Please call 07681935909 if you need to reach them.
Thank you for your help.|Is there anything else I can do for you?
That is all, thanks.|I hope you have a good trip.  Have a nice day.  Goodbye.
Are there any concert halls in the west?|I am sorry there are no listings for concerthalls in the west. Is there something else I can assist you with today?
What about colleges in the west?|There are five colleges in that area. Three have no entrance fees. Would you like additional information on any of these?
No thank you. I am looking for information el shaddai hotel.|The El Shaddai is a guesthouse in the centre part of town. It has free internet, parking and has 0 stars. Would you like me to book it for you?
Could you? That would be great. There are 5 of us and we plan to arrive on Thursday. We'd like to stay for 5 nights.|Okay. I've got you booked for a 5-night stay at El Shaddai for 5 nights and 5 people. Can I help you with anything else today?
Yes could I get the reference number for the booking please.|Of course, Reference number is : 2SLFLKIC.  Is there anything else I can help you with?
Thank you. That is all I needed for now. Have a nice day!|Thank you and enjoy your time with us in Cambridge!
I'm looking for a moderately priced hotel in town. Please give me the contact information for one.|There are 18 hotels in the moderate price range. What area would you like to stay in?
It doesn't really matter but it should have a 4 star rating.|We have 11 hotels with 4 Stars. I've heard good things about Avalon. Would you like more information?
Yes please.  Do they offer internet access and what kind of parking accommodations do they have?  Also a number to reach them would be great!|Avalon does have internet available but does not have parking. Would you prefer a different hotel?
Is the Avalon a hotel type and moderately priced with a 4 star rating?|Yes it is, would you like to book that?
No thank you but may I please have the address?|The Avalon is located at 	62 gilbert road. If you'd like me to book that, message us back. Thank you.
I'm going to think about it. I'd really prefer a hotel with parking.|Sorry, I'm not finding any 4 star moderate hotels with free parking. Perhaps you'd like a different option?
I can also check to see if we have guesthouses for that area.|there are 9 different guest houses available, any preferences?
I'd like it to be rated 4 stars.|Are you looking for an establishment in a certain area?
No, any area will do.  Could I get the address for one of them?  I'm also looking to go on a boat can you help with that?|Acorn Guest House is located at 154 Chesterton Road.
I'll also be needing to find boating options and their information and I'll need to arrange a taxi to and from the locations.|There are four boating option in town. Is there a specific area you prefer?
As long as I can get a taxi to the boat and back that leaves the boat by 8:45 any location is fine.|Sure I can get you a taxi for any of them.
Okay I need to leave the attraction by 08:45 and I would like a contact number and a description of the car picking me up please.|I'd be happy to help you with a taxi, where will you be departing from/arriving at? And for what time?
I'll need the taxi when we finish with the boats, at 8:45, and I need it to take me to my hotel.|Well, looks like we need to select a boating attraction first and then I will be happy to arrange your taxi service. Can I recommend Camboats in the east?
Yes.  That would be fine.  Do you need to book it?|No, but here is the address and phone number: the plough, green end, fen ditton. 01223902112.
Actually, can you please book a taxi from the boats to my hotel.|I was able to book a tax from Camboats to Acorn Guest House, departing at 8:45. It will be a White Skoda and the phone number for contact is 07726151603.
Thank you SO MUCH, I know I was confusing.  Can you just tell me the entrance fee for the boats?  That is all I still need to know.|Im sorry, the entrance fees arent listed. Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
Yes, could I get the postcode for Camboats?|No problem at all. The postcode is cb58sx. Can I help you any further?
Will you tell me the car type?|You have a white Skoda.  That is the car type.  It will take you from Camboats to Acorn Guest House, ref. #07726151603.
Thank you so much!|It has been my pleasure. Thank you for calling!
I am looking for attractions of multiple sports located in the east. What is available?|I do have one. It is the Cherry Hinton Village Centre in the east. It is located on Colville Road, Cherry Hinton. Would you like any other info for them?
No, that sounds like just what I need.  Thanks for your help and have a great day.  Bye.|Thank you as well. I hope you enjoy your visit and have a wonderful day.
Thank you, one last thing we need a place to dine at in same area as multiple sports that would be in moderate price range.|I have three options. Two Indian places and one Italian. Curry or pasta?
I wanted traditional food.  If that's not available I'll try Italian.|Pizza hut fen ditton is a great italian restaurant in the area. Would you like a reservation?
I'm sorry, I said Italian but I really wanted indian food.|There are 2 option to choose from: curry prince and rajmahal. Which would you like to try?
I would like curry prince. It sounds interesting.|Sure.  Can I make a reservation for you?
No reservation thanks, my plans are still in the works. Could I have the postcode and address though?|Sure! The post code is cb58jj and the phone number is 01223566388.
Thank you, that's everything I need for now.|Sounds good. Enjoy your visit, and thanks for using Cambridge TownInfo centre!
I'm planning a trip and need some suggestions.  I'm looking for places to go in town.|I'm sure we can find you something you will really love. I have close to 80 attractions to choose from. Did you have a certain type of attraction in mind?
Can I get some information on nightclubs in the east area?|I'm sorry I don't have any nightclubs there. Would another part of town work for you?
how about one that is in the type of museum.|We have 4 fantastic museums in the East.  My personal favorite is the Gallery at Twelve a High Street, it is free to get in!
Could I have the phone number and postcode?|Of course! Their postcode is cb15dh and they can be reached at 01223295264. Can I help you find a restaurant in the area?
No but I need a hotel.|anything in particular you had in mind and when is your stay?
I need to be in the same area as the attraction|There are 7 results for places to stay in the east, would you prefer a guesthouse or hotel?
I don't care about that.  I do need a 4-star, moderately priced accommodation in the east area, but it doesn't need to have free parking.|I'd recommend the A and B Guest House. It meets your criteria. Would you like to book a room?
Yes. 1 person, 3 nights from Monday on.|I will work on getting this booked and be back with you shortly.
I will be waiting for my reference number for 1 person for 3 nights at A and B Guest House.|Booking was successful.
Reference number is : WBJGAOT8.
Thank you for your help planning my trip. I think that's everything I need for now. Have a great day!|Have a great day too! Good bye.
I want to go to a particular attraction called great saint mary's church. Where is it?|The great saint mary's church is in city centre, the entrance fee is 2 pounds. Would you like more information?
Please provide the address.|The address is Market Square and the postcode is cb23pq. Is there anything else I can find for you?
I also need a train leaving from cambridge and should leave after 13:45.|What is your destination and what day will you be leaving Cambridge?
I'd like the train for Saturday and I'm headed to London Liverpool Street, please.|great! the TR4466 leaves at 13:59!
I need to book that for 6 people.|I will work on booking this for you.
Please provide the reference number after booking is completed.|I will just a minute please
I am looking for a train to Cambridge from Kings Lynn.|There are many trains from Kings Lynn to Cambridge. What time would you like to leave?
I need to leave Wednesday after 21:15.|For how many people?
I am traveling alone.|Thank you, I have booked you a seat on TR8385 leaving Kings Lynn at 22:11 cost of 9.8 GBP. The reference number is T7PUQPR1.
Thank you. What is the arrival time in Cambridge, please?|Arrival time is 23:58
Could I also have the price?|The total fee is 9.8 GBP payable at the station. Anything else I can help you with?
I'm also looking for places to go in town. I would like an architecture type in the centre.|How about all saints church? It fits your criteria and has no entrance fee!
That sounds great, what is their phone number?|The phone number for All Saints Church is 01223452587. Can I assist you with anything else?
No, that will be all. Thank you.|Thank you and have a great trip. Goodbye.
I would like to visit a college while I am in town.|Great, there are many. Any particular part of town?
Yes the west please.|I have 5 colleges in that area. Would you like queens college or maybe clare college?
How about Clare College.  Can you get me the entrance fee and phone number?|the entrance fee is 2.50 pounds. the phone number is 01223333200
Great, thanks. I also need a place to stay that has free parking and wifi preferably a 4 star guesthouse in the north. What do you suggest?|I suggest Accorn Guesthouse? It is moderately  price and includes parking and internet. Would you like me to make a reservation for you?
Yep what is their postcode and phone number if you have that handy|Their postcode is cb41da. Their phone number is 01223353888. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Nope, thanks for your help.|What dates are you needing reservations?
I haven't decided on the dates with my family yet. I will call back. Thanks for your help. Goodbye.|Thank you for contacting us have a nice day.
Are there any entertainment attractions in the south?|There are two that fit your request. One is Nusha on Clifton Road and the other is Tenpin on Clifton Way. Do you need more information?
Can I have the address, phone number, and entrance fee of Nusha.|The address of Nusha is unit g6, Cambridge leisure park, Clifton road and their telephone number is 01223902158, but unfortunately, I do not have information on their entrance fee.
I can call for that. But thanks anyway. I am also looking for a cheap place to eat.|There are 15 that I have found! What type of cuisine would you like?
I would like a chinese restaurant, please.|There is one cheap Chinese restaurant in the area called The Lucky Star. Would you like me to book a reservation for it?
Is it in the same area as Nusha?|Yes it is in the same area.
Could you book me a table on Thirsday. 2 people at 14:00|I will go ahead and book that now.
Thank you. Can I please have the reference number?|Your table is reserved, ref#39W1D7PP. Can I help you with anything else today?
i also want a taxi to commute between the 2 places|I've booked you a taxi from nusha to the lucky star, arriving at 14:00. The car will be a white bmw. Contact number	:	07301865482
Thanks so much, that is all I need.|Okay, great. Have a nice day.
Thank you, you too.|Thank you, goodbye.
Hi, I'll be visiting Cambridge soon, and I need a train from Stansted airport. It should arrive by 17:45. Can you help?|What day and time time will you  be travelling?
I will be traveling on Saturday and would like to arrive by 17:45.|Great, there's a train departing at 16:24 and arriving at 16:52. Will this work?
Yes, that would be perfect! What's the price of one ticket?|It is 8.08 pounds
Thank you!  Can you also look up Cherry Hinton Hall and Grounds for me?|Sure thing it is in the east of town, what information would you like to know about it?
i need to know how how much the entrance fee is and the postcode if you may please?|The post code is cb18dw but I do not have the information on the entrance fee.
Ok, thank you.|Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, thank you, that will be all.|Thank you and goodbye
I need to take a train from cambridge to London Kings Cross|I can help you with that! What day would like to travel and what time would you like to depart?
Tuesday from Cambridge to London Kings Cross, anytime after 15:45.|Train TR0945 fits the bill, would you like me to book you passage?
What is the travel time on that train?|The travel time is 51 minutes.
What is the arrival time?|The arrival time is 17:51.
Thanks! Can you also tell me about the best museum in the center of town?|the whipple museum of the history of science is an interesting one!
What is the entry free to the Whipple Museum?|The entrance fee is free.
Perfect.  Can you get me a phone number for them?|Sure! it is 01223330906.
Thanks so much for your help today!|Not a problem! Have a nice day!
I am going to Cambridge and want a nice resturant in the west|There are 14 nice restaurants to chose from do you have a price range you prefer?
Can you just pick one and give me the phone number?|Of course! Saint johns chop house is a great place to go. Their phone number is 01223353110. Can I help with anything else?
find me a  place to go in the west and give me their phone numbers|clare hall is a great college and admission is free. The phone number is 01223332360.
Great, I'll need to find another restaurant also, in the same area of town as Clare Hall.|There are a few restaurants in the west part of town ranging from cheap to expensive. Do you have a particular cuisine in mind?
I like British pub cuisine.|I recommend Graffiti, it's a british restaurant in the west.  It is an expensive restaurant, but it's so worth it.  Would you like a reservation?
Sounds great. I need it for monday at 14:15. There will be 3 in our party.|I was able to book your party of 3 for Graffiti this Monday at 14:15. Your reference number is B0T1ZF2W.
That is all I need today thank you.|You're very welcome. Enjoy your time in Cambridge!
I'm a big fan of architecture. Is there some in the centre that I can check out?|Definitely! All Saints Church is one that is a definite must-see. And it's free to enter!
phone number, address please thank you|Their phone number is 01223452587, and address is jesus lane. Can I help with anything else?
yes, am also looking for a train. The train should leave after 16:45 and should leave on thursday|No problem! where are you departing from?
Im leaving from Cambridge and headed to Broxbourne.|what about TR7222? it leaves at 21:01
That will work. Can I have the train ID, price and travel time?|the tickets are 17.90 pounds and it's a 60 minute ride.
What is the train ID?|The train ID for this route is TR7222. How many tickets would you like me to book?
None right now.  Thank you.|Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
You covered it all.  Thanks.|Have a wonderful day. Bye.
I am looking for a place to dine in the moderate price range that serves indian food.|I have 4 places that meet that criteria. Do you have a preference in the area.
I don't really have a preference in the area.|I would suggest meghna then would you like the address?
No address but would like to make a booking for 8 people at 17:45 on wednesday.|Your booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Your reference number is : LS1ZMCR8.  Is there anything I can do to help you today?
I also would like to see entertainment in the center area.|we dont have any in that area.
If there is no such attraction, how about one that is in the type of museum?|I have 11. Would you like more info on one?
Yes, I'd like the address, phone number and entrance fee for one of the museums, please.|The Museum of Archaeology and Anthropology is always a good choice. They are located  at University of Cambridge, Downing Strand and admission is free. The phone number is 01223333516.
Thanks! I also need a taxi to commute between the two places.|Alright, where would you like the taxi to pick you up at and your destination?
I'd like to go from the museum to the restaurant, and make sure I get there for the reservation, please.|i booked your taxi. it will be a blue toyota. their phone number is 07424729044.
that is all i need for now. have a great day|Have a great, Good-bye.
I am looking for an expensive restaurant in the centre.|There are several expensive restaurants in that area. Is there a certain cuisine you are looking to have?
I'm not picky. Could you recommend one?|fitzbillies restaurant is an expensive british restaurant, would you like me to book that for you?
sounds great, book a table for 5 people at 12:30 on tuesday with the reference number please|Yes I can and your reference number for the booking is IG75ROGD.
Thank you, I will also like to find a night club.|There are 6 nightclubs in town - 5 in the centre and 1 in the south. Which area would you prefer?
Sorry, my friend just advised me that a nightclub isn't for him.  He would rather visit some place that has some architecture in the centre.  Is there something?|I could recommend Holy Trinity Church on Market Street.  It's free to get in.  Would that work for you?
Yes, I will just need their phone number.|their number is 01223355397
That's all I need , thanks a lot.|You're very welcome! Bye now!
Hi. Could you help me with finding a hotel?|Absolutely, do you have any other requirements?
A 3 star hotel on the east side would be preferable.|I don't have anything matching your request, would you like to change your hotel location or star rating?
How about a 4 star hotel with free parking?|I'm still not finding anything. Would you like a different area?
I need a hotel for 4 people and 4 nights starting from thursday|I'm sorry there are no matches.
Oh wow. I really need to find something. Would you mind looking again? 4 Star rated in the east with free parking. I would really appreciate it.|Sorry. There are no matches. Is there anything else I can do for you today?
I'm sorry but I have a hard time believing there is no place to stay in the east with either a 3 or 4 star rating.|There are actually no lodgings of any kind in the east part of town listed.  Would you like to try another area. The centre is very popular?
Since you say there are no 3 or 4 star hotels in the east, I will settle for the centre of town.|That was a mistake. There are lots of 4 star hotels here. What is your price range?
Let's go expensive. I need to book it for 4 people for 4 nights on Thursday.|I am sorry but there are no 4 star hotels in the east in the expensive range.  Would you like to try another price range, area, or star rating?
This is really frustrating. Can you find me any 3 or 4 star hotels anywhere ?|Gonville Hotel is a great hotel located in the centre. It's 3 stars and is in the expensive price range. Would you like me to book you a room?
book for 4 people 4 nights from thursday|Okay that was comleted successfully and your reference number is E5BQH7U1.
Can you please provide me with information on the attraction cherry hinton hall and grounds?|Absolutely! It is an entertainment attraction in the east. Phone is 01223446104. Postcode is cb18dw. And address is cherry hinton road. There is no entrance fee information listed.
Could you double check for a 3 or 4 star hotel on the east side with free parking?|Leverton House is a 4 star guesthouse in the east part of town in the cheap price range with both internet and parking included. Is there anything else today?
Great thanks.  I need a taxi from Gonville Hotell to Cherry Hinton Hall and Grounds at 13:15.|Your taxi was booked successfully. You will be picked up in a black Tesla by 13:15 at the Gonville Hotel and dropped off at Cherry Hinton Hall and Grounds.
Great. Do you have a contact number?|Their contact number is 07167487501. Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
No, thanks. That's all. Have a blessed day. Goodbye.|Thank you for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Goodbye.
I am looking for architectural spots to visit on my trip to Cambridge.  On the east side.|Well, unfortunately there are architectural attractions located in the east. Would you like to try a different area?
No, that's okay. Are there any Museums in the East instead?|I can recommend four different museums in the east area. How about Cambridge artworks? It is popular.
That sounds interesting.  What is the entrance fee for this museum?|The cambridge artworks is a free museum. Can I help you with anything else today?
Can you give me their phone number and postcode, please?|Absolutely. Their phone number is 01223902168 and they are in postcode cb13ef.
Excellent. I'm also looking for a train as well.|Certainly. Do you have a destination in mind?
Yes, I am looking to depart from London Kings Cross that should arrive in Cambridge by 15:00 and I need it for 3 people and will need the reference number.|I need to narrow the search down. What day will you be traveling?
On Monday please.|I was able to book you on TR3194 which leaves london kings cross at 13:17 and arrives Cambridge at 14:08. Reference R6KWX99C. Can I help with anything else?
Nope, that's everything. Thank you!|You're welcome, have a great day!
Hi, I'm looking for a place to go in  the centre part of town. Are there any interesting attractions?|There are quite a few architecture attractions in the centre part of town.
Can you recommend something for me?|All Saints church is located on Jesus Lane in the centre. It has free admission.
Can you give me the postcode?|The postcode is cb58bs.  Would you like the address or phone number also?
No, I'm sure it will be fine. But can you help me get a train from Birmingham New Street?|What is your destination?
I'll be heading into Cambridge on Friday, and I need to get there by 15:30.|It looks like TR7040 would be your best bet. You will arrive by 14:23. Would you like me to book the train for you?
Yes, I'd like two tickets, please.|Great. I've booked two tickets for the train, and your reference number is TNF2DMIQ. Can I help you with anything else today?
Nope I think that covers everything, thanks for being so helpful!|Okay great, have a good day.
I'd like to visit a college in the centre of town. Could you help me find one?|Yes, I can.  I have 13 different colleges that I can recommend in the centre of town. A popular option is Christ's College.
Oh that sounds good. May I have their address, postcode, and entrance fee, please?|Yes their address is saint andrew's street and their postcode is cb23bu and admission to the college is free.
Fantastic! Could you also find me a train that goes to bishops stortford and arrives by 21:15?|Where will you be departing from?
Cambridge is my departure point, and I want to travel on Wednesday.|Is there a time you want to leave after?
No.  I'm open to departure time. Can you list the train ID and travel time?|The TrainID is TR4404 and the total travel time is 38.
What's the price?|The price for a ticket is 10.10 pounds.
Okay, thanks so much! Goodbye|Goodbye. Have a nice day.
Hi, I'm looking for a moderately priced restaurant that serves christmas food. Do you know of any?|I have No matching records found. would you like something different ?
Do you know of any restaurants that offer Italian food that is moderately priced?|There are 5 Italian restaurants in the moderate price range. What area do you prefer?
I changed my mind. Could you find a restaurant that serves asian oriental food?|I have found the yippe noodle bar. It is located in the centre. Would you like a reservation?
Yes, a table for six, please.|Okay and which day and time would be best for you?
Wednesday at 13:00, if that's available.|I was not able to book, can I try another place or time?
How about 12:00?|Your table is reserved for 12:00. Your reference number is XOY3DO4V.
I would also like to go to a museum nearby in the south part of town. Please also give me its address and entrance fee.|I have Byard Art Museum in the south. They offer free admission. They are located at 14 King's Parade. Is there anything else I can do for you?
No that is it. Thank you so much.|byard art museum is located at 14 king's parade and the phone number is 01223464646.  Let us know if we can help further.
Thank you again.|You're very welcome. Have a great trip!
I will. Goodbye.|Goodbye. If you need anything else, don't hesitate to contact us again.
I'm looking for somewhere to go in town, are there any museums you can recommend?|We have several museums is there a particular kind of museum you would prefer in a particular location.
Will you suggest one? I'd like to know the entrance fee, address, and area, as well.|Cambridge Artworks in the east side is fantastic. Admission is free. The address is 5 Greens Road. Anything else I can do for you?
Yes. I need a restaurant in the centre area please.|What kind of food were you interested in? Or would you like me to pick for you?
I would prefer spanish food at a moderate price.|I've found the La Tasca, which fit all of your criteria. Would you like to book you a table at this restaurant?
Not at the moment but can I get the phone number for La Tasca please?|Yes, you can reach La Tasca at 01223464630. Can I help you with anything else today?
No, thank you very much. I will not be needing anything else.|You're welcome. Have a great day!
i am looking for places to go in town. The attraction should be in the type of entertainment.|Do you have a specific part of town in mind?
The centre part of town|There are actually no entertainment attractions in the centre of town. I would recommend the funky fun house in the east side of town
Okay may I have the entrance fee and postcode for that please?|The postcode for the Funky Fun house is cb58hy. The entrance fee is unknown
Thanks! i'm also looking for a place to stay with free parking and 4 stars.|There are 17 hotels that meet your criteria. Would you like to narrow it down by price range or area?
it should be a hotel with wifi. find me its postcode and address|How about the Cambridge Belfry.  It's located at Back Lane Cambourne.  The postcode is CB236BW.  Would that work for you?  I can book it.
No thanks on the booking, we will do that later but that hotel is a fit for me.  I am set, thank you for your help.|Well I am glad I can help. Enjoy !
Thanks a lot goodbye.|Enjoy your day, goodbye.
I need help finding stuff for me and my ferret to do.|Sure, do you have anything in mind?  Perhaps a park?
I would prefer entertainment.|Which part of town did you have in mind?
In the town center.|We don't have any entertainment attractions in the centre of town. Would you like to search for something else?
Could you try a college?|I'd recommend christ's college on saint andrew's street, cb23bu. Their phone number is 01223334900. Will that be all for today?
No I also need to find a hotel in the same area as my attraction and have a rating of only 0.|cityroomz is available, or el shaddai if you would prefer a guesthouse.
Can I please have a reservation at El Shaddai for 4 people?|Sure!  What day do you wish to check in and for how long will you be staying?
Starting tuesday, I want to stay for 3 nights.|I've got our rooms booked.  What else can I do for you?
Can I please get the reference number for the booking?|The reference number is 075XC65O. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Great. That is all.|Enjoy your stay! Let us know if we can be of any further assistance.
I am looking to get a guesthouse with a 4 star rating in Cambridge please.|There are 18 guesthouses with 4 star ratings. Do you want something in a specific price range or area?
Is there one in the moderate price range that includes free wifi?|I have found 11 locations that suit your criteria. I would recommend Acorn Guest House. Would you like me to book you a room?
Not quite yet. Do they have free parking? Also, what is their address?|Yes, the sure do. Anything else I can do for you?
Yes, I am looking for an attraction called The Place.|The Place is a nightclub in the south side of the city.
Thank you, do you have a phone number for them?|Sure do, it's 01223324600. Anything else today?
That's all. Thank you.|Thank you, have a great day
Hello. What sort of attractions are available in the center of town?|There are many! Does architecture interest you?
Yes that would be fine and I need the postcode of the one you suggest.|Try visiting Old Schools on Trinity Lane in the city centre. The postcode is cb21tt. Do you need anything else?
That is everything I need.|Thank you for using our service today.
I'm looking for something to do in the centre of town.|Great! I found a lot of things that match what you're looking for. Do you like architecture?
I would really like it to be a attraction type.|No problem. There are a lot of other options like boating, cinema, colleges, a concerthall, museums, nightclubs, a park, theatres and swimming pools. What are your interests?
Any of those will work. Which one is your favorite and where is it located?|I'd try the cambridge contemporary art museum, at 6 trinity street.
I also need a train on Wednesday, arriving by 19:00.|I can help you with that.  What are the departure and destination cities you were looking for?
I'll be departing from Leicester, headed to Cambridge. What do the prices look like?|The earliest train departs Leicester at 05:09 and arrives in Cambridge at 06:54. The cost is 37.80 pounds per ticket.
What is the travel time?|Travel time is approximately 105 minutes.
That's all that I need.|Would you like any more information on other attractions?
No, that will be all. Thank You for all your help.|You're very welcome. Thank you and goodbye!
I'm looking for an attraction in the category of swimming pool.|I've got four pools for you. What area are you in?
I'm pretty open. Can you list the areas? I'll choose one of the four.|Yes, west, east, south and north.
Please tell me about the locations of some pools in the south.|I am sorry but there are none in the south. I have one east, two north and one centre.
One in the east is fine. I need the address please?|The abbey pool and astroturf pitch is located at pool way, whitehill road, off newmarket road. Do you need anything else?
Yes, I'm also looking for a guesthouse in a moderate price range.|What area would you like to stay in?
The area doesn't matter, but it should have 4 stars please.|The acron guest house is awesome. I would suggest that place.
Could you book rooms for 7 people for 4 nights starting from Saturday?|I have you booked for 4 days.  What else can I do for you?
I will need the reference number.|the reference number is 9g1eycif.
That is all I need. Thank you for your help!|No problem.  Enjoy your stay.
i want to go to a museum in the west area of the town.|I have found 7 museums in the West area of town. What type of museum would you like to visit?
Can you list 2 of them for me to choose from? Thanks|Cafe jello gallery and people's portraits exhibition at girton college are the two places I would recommend. Do you need anything else?
May I get the phone number and Postcode for the Cafe Jello Gallery?|Of course. The phone number for Cafe Jello Gallery is 01223312112.  The post code is cb30af. May I be of further assistance?
I am also looking for the Warkworth House. What area is that in?|It is in east.  Need a reservation?
Yes please. I need it for 1 person, 2 nights starting on Monday please.|Booking was successful.
Reference number is : OTQ22OMB.
Thank you so much for your help.|Can I look up anything else for you?
No that is it. Thank you.|You're welcome, let me know if I can assist with anything else.
I am looking for a certain cool place to go in town. Could you help me narrow it down?|Sure, are you looking for an attraction in a particular area?
Yes. I'd like the attraction to be located in the Centre.|There are 79 attractions in the center. Are you looking for something in particular?
Ah, so sorry, I am looking for a theatre. And if you could tell me about any entrance fees?|There are four theatre's in the centre of town. I am sorry but there is no information available on their entrance fees. Would you like more information on one of them.
Are you absolutely sure? Usually there's some kind of indication about cost of entry.|Okay can I recommend adc theatre then?
Okay. I also need a place to stay that is cheap and includes free parking.|The Alexander bed and breakfast  and el shaddai are in the centre area. Would you like a room booked in either one of those?
Yes please. Can you book that for 3 nights starting Friday for 7 people?|Yes! I have a booking with a reference number for you and it is 2CBG2VCY.
Thank you so much. That was all I needed.|You're welcome, let me know if I can assist with anything else.
Can you help me find an expensive restaurant in the center of town?|There are many options. Do you have any preferences on type of food?
Could you recommend one for me and help me make a booking for sunday?|How about Midsummer House Restaurant, it serves British food in centre. How many people are in your party?
I have 4 people in my party.  Can I book a table for 17:00 on Sunday?|I booked that, and your reservation number is RBYPR70C. Do you need any more information about the restaurant?
I also need places to go that are in the same area as the restaurant and should be in the type of architecture.|Does a entrance fee make any difference?
No, I would just like to know what the fee is, if any?|The old schools has a free entrance fee.
That's great. I think we'll try that out. Thanks for the info. Goodbye.|No problem. Thanks for using our service today.
I'm looking for a place to go in the east.|Is there a certain type of attraction you'd like to see?
I actually haven't been to Cambridge before. Can you tell me a few types that might be in that area?|sure thing! We have museums, entertainment and a boat. Anything there catch your fancy?
You pick something in the east for me.  I'll need the address, postcode and entrance fee.  I'm also wanting information on Anatolia.  Thank you!|Lets start with the attraction information first. Cherry Hinton Water Play is a free park located at cherry hinton hall, cherry hinton road and the postcode is cb18dw.
Great, thank you.|You're very welcome. Now, the Anatolia is a moderately priced turkish restaurant located in the city centre.
Okay, let's book a table at the Anatolia for Monday at 17:30. I'll need it booked for 3 people.|All done, your reference number is M5W4NO7F. They will hold your table for 15 minutes. Can I help you with anything else?
Come to think of it, I think I may need a taxi to get me between the two. Can it get me from Cherry Hinton to Anatolia by 17:30?|Yes, not a problem.  I have a blue lexus booked for you.  The contact number is 07234258903.
Thank you so much that is everything, I will be putting you on my Christmas Card list, you are awesome!|It is always my pleasure.  Can I help you with anything else?
No that is all I need today.|It was a pleasure to help. Have a wonderful day. Goodbye.
I'm looking for a museum in the western part of town.|There are 79 museums in the western part of town. Do you prefer a pay museum or one without an entrance fee?
Free is always good.  Can you give me the postcode, address, and phone number for one that is historical?|The Museum of Classical Archeology is a free museum, located on Sidgwick Avenue in postal code CB3 9DA. Their phone number is 01 22 333 5153.
Thank you. I'm also looking for the panahar restaurant, can you give me directions?|The address is 8 Norfolk Street City Centre and phone 01223355012.  It's in the Centre just go down Norfolk if you are coming from the freeway.
Thanks, what is the price range?|Panahar is in the expensive price range, would you like me to book it for you?
No, thanks! I need their phone number and address, though, please.|Their phone number is 01223 355 012 and they are located at 8 Norfolk Street City Centre, CB1 2LF. Can I help you with anything else today?
No, that will do it, thanks!|Okay, have a great day!
I need a cinema to go to in the south.|The cineworld cinema is the place!
Can you tell me the address?|The address is cambridge leisure park, clifton way. Can I help with anything else?
Yes, I need to find a restaurant in the same area.|I have 9 different restaurants in the south. Lets try to narrow it down. Do you have a preference on price range?
Do any of the nine restaurants serve north american food?|No, they do not.  How about Pizza Hut Cherry Hinton?  It is Italian but it is popular with the Americans here.
We eat Pizza Hut way to much. Can you try something with indian food? It is a special occasion so it can be expensive.|There is Taj Tandoori which is located on 64 Cherry Hinton Road.  Would you like me to book a table for you?
No, but can you give me the phone number and postcode?  Thanks!|Taj Tandoori's phone number is 01223412299 and the postcode is cb17aa.
Thank you! You have answered all of my needs.|It was a pleasure. Thank you for using our service. Good night.
I am hoping to book a 5 star hotel in cambridge that is expensive. What ones are available to book for next Thursday through Sunday?|I'm happy to help with that. Is there a particular area you'd like? What about amenities?
Actually, I'm not looking for a hotel at all. I'm looking for a train on Thursday that is departing Birmingham New after 12:15 to Cambridge. Is there anything available?|Twelve trains match your request. When do you want to arrive?
Anytime is fine by me. Can I have the train ID and travel time?|The train departing closest to 12:15 is the TR3498, which leaves at 12:40. The duration of the trip is 163 minutes.
Yes also I am looking to visit one of the colleges on the wets side of town.|I'm showing 5 colleges in the west end. 3 have free admission, 2 charge a 2.50 pounds fee.
Could you provide me with the address of each location including the entrance fee for them as well?|Three are free: Churchill, at Storey's Way; Clare Hall, at Herschel Road; and Magdalene on Magdalene St. The others are 2.5P, Clare at Trinity Lane; and Queens' at Silver Street.
Thanks you have been very helpful. That's all I need for today.|I am glad I could help. Have a great day!
Hi, I am looking for a train that goes to bishops stortford and departs from cambridge.|There are several trains on that route that run throughout the day. Do you know what day and time you'd like to travel?
I need to leave Sunday and arrive by 11:15.|There is no train leaving at 11:15, do you want to change to a different time.
I am looking for a train that ARRIVES at 11:15 and would like to book it for 5. I also need the reference number.|I've booked you on the TR9904. The price is 40.40 GBP that is payable at the station. Your reference number is 3MF59CSO. Is there anything else?
I am also looking for particular place called Pembroke College. Do you have any information about this place?|Sure, it is a college located in the centre area right on trumpington street. Would you like the phone number?
What is the entrance fee and address of pembroke college?|There is no entrance fee for Pembroke College.  The address is Trumpington Street.
Thank you very much, that will be all.|Well then, thank you for using our service. Have a great day. Goodbye.
Hi there, I need a swimming pool. The kids want to swim!|Abbey pool is available on the east.
That sounds wonderful! May I please have the address, phone number, and post code?|Sure thing! The address is: pool way, whitehill road, off newmarket road. The phone number and postcode are 01223902088 and cb58nt.
Are there any italian restaurants located in the centre?|I have some what price range would you like?
The cheaper the better please|they are 3 but i recommend zizzi cambridge. can i get you the address?
Can you suggest one?  I need reservations for saturday.|Yes, as I said zizzi cambridge is a very good restaurant.  How many people would like me to book a table for and what time?
Please book it for 4 people at 18:30 on Saturday evening.|Okay, booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Your reference number is AA76LKSA.
Thanks! That's all I needed today. Goodbye!|You're welcome.  Have a wonderful day!
I'm looking for a train from Cambridge leaving on Sunday.|I'm sorry, can you please restate your request?
I need a train to Cambridge on Sunday.|There are 202 trains departing cambridge on Sunday. To narrow it down, where would you like to depart from and when would you like to arrive in cambridge?
I'm leaving Stansted airport after 11:00. I need the price, too.|I am confused.  Do you need a train leaving Cambridge and where is your destination?
What is the price for a train departing Stansted Airport after 11:00 on Sunday, heading to Cambridge? I don't need a ticket, just the price.|They all look to be 8.08 pounds.
Great, i also need something to do, a college maybe. What type of college attractions are available?|There are over 15 colleges located in cambridge. All quite amazing. Were you looking to visit one in the west or centre?
In the west and I will need the entrance fee if there is one, please.|There are 5 located in the west. Two of them are free. Do you want access to those?
I'll take the first one that isn't free, but I'll need the price and the phone number please.|The entrance fee for Clare College is 2.50 pounds. The phone number is 01223333200.
Got it thank you for your help.|Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, thank you. That's all I needed.|You are welcome. Have a nice day.
Are there places in town centre of architectural interest?|There are many churches and old schools in town, what would you like to see?
Surprise me. What are the entrance fees?|All Saints Church is beautiful, and, better yet, it's free!
That sounds great, thanks so much for your help!|You are very welcome.  Is there anything else I can help you with?
No thank you. That's all I needed.|Thank You, have a nice day. Goodbye.
Hi, I am planning a trip and am hoping you can help with some places to go when I get into town.|Great, we have 79 attractions, do you have a particular type or area of town?
No particular area but I would like to go swimming. Are there any swimming pools?|Could I recommend abbey pool and astroturf pitch it is very nice.
That sounds nice.  What area is that pool in?|That is on the east side of town.
Perfect. I am also looking for a hotel in the south side.|There are several, did you have a price range preference?
No, but I want something 4-star that offers free wifi.|Rosa's bed and breakfast is a great deal for a guesthouse that meets your needs. Would you like to book a room?
I do not want to book yet, just gathering information. What is the postcode?|The post code is cb22ha is there anything else I can help with today?
Yes can you book me a taxi to go from the hotel to the pool?|What time do you want to go?
I need to leave the hotel by 6:00, need the contact # and car type please|red skoda #07340785160
Thank you, that was quick.   That is all I need, thanks for your help.|You're welcome! Have a great day!
I am planning a trip in Cambridge|Excellent! Do you need assistance with transportation arrangements?
For now I'd like to hear about places to go in the centre of town. Where all the action happens!|There are many places. What do you like to do ?
where i can go using a train The train should arrive by 15:00 and should depart from ely|First let's take a look at what we can find for attractions for you. Do you like architecture?
Architecture will be fine thanks|I'd recommend all saints church, then. Would you like more information?
Yes can I get the address please?|Sure thing here is the address jesus lane.
Here I think we got confused. Lets start over. Please give me a recommendation of a place to go in the town centre. Please include the postcode.|The centre of town is known for its architecture which is seen by visiting churches and an old school. All saints church is popular and has the postcode cb58bs.
Thank you! I also need a train please!|I can help with that. What are your arrival and departure stations?
I am departing from Ely to arrive at Cambridge.|What day would you like to travel?
I would like to travel on thursday please.|There are 10 trains travelling from ely to cambridge on Thursday, to help narrow it down what time would you like to arrive/depart?
I'll need to arrive by 15:00|Okay, that narrows it down to 5 trains. TR4992 arrives closest to 15:00. It will get you to Cambridge at 13:52. Would you like me to book a seat?
No thanks can I just have the travel time and the cost of the ticket?|The ticket price is 4.40 pounds. The duration of the trip is 17 minutes. Can I further assist you, today?
No. That's all. Thank you so much! Goodbye|Thank you for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Goodbye
I need information on trains leaving on Friday.|Ok, there are many trains that day. Do you know your destination?
I'm going from Ely to Cambridge.|What time would you like to leave by?
If at all possible, I would like to leave after 16:45.|I have train TR2759 leaving at 17:35 and arriving by 17:52. Would you like to make reservations?
What is the price?|The price for the train is 4.40 pounds.  Can I book this for you?
No thank you.  I need info on cafe jello gallery.|They are a museum in the west. They offer free entrance. They are located at 13 Magdalene Street. Their postcode is cb30af. Their phone number is 01223312112.
Thank you for your help. That will be all.|Thank you for using the Cambridge Town Info service! Enjoy your time in Cambridge
Could you give me information about the museum of classical archaeology?|Sure, it's located in the west and admission is free.
Awesome, do that have a phone number?|Their phone number is 01223335153. Was there anything else you need to know?
What is the address?|Their address is sidgwick avenue. Is there anything else you needed to know?
I am also looking for a guesthouse to stay in|I can help with that.  Is there a part of town you prefer?
Yes, I would prefer the south please.|OKay I can help with that. What is your price range?
I don't really mind, as long as it has 4 stars.|I highly suggest Rosa's Bed and Breakfast. Would you like to book a room?
Yes please, book the hotel for three people, five nights, starting Thursday.|Booking was successful. Reference number is : LK7L08A7. Anything else I can help with?
That is all, thanks for your assistance.|You're welcome! Have a great day!
Can you help me book a three star hotel with internet?|Which side of town are you interested in staying?
i suggest whale of time. i need its address, entrance fee and postcode|Sorry, I didn't understand your last request. I understand that you're looking for a 3 star hotel with internet. Is there a certain area you are interested in staying?
I want a particular one called whale of a time, can you find that?|Yes! Would you like their information?
Yes please, could i get their address, postcode and entrance fee if they have one?|Whale of a Time is located at Unit 8, Viking Way, Bar Hill. Their postcode is cb238el. Their entrance fee is not listed.
I am also interested  in finding a 4 star guesthouse type hotel in the moderate price range with free wifi.|There are several However I need to know how long your stay is going to be when and for how many please?
I am not booking a room yet I just need information.  Please make a suggestion and provide the address.|There are 11 results but the first listing is a and b guest house located at 124 tenison road.
I will also need a taxi to commute please.|To clarify, you'd like a taxi from Whale of a Time to A and B Guest House, correct? What time would you like the taxi?
From A and B Guest House at 01:00 to Whale of a Time, please.|Sure, lookout for a black Tesla contact number 07230031614. Can I help you with anything else?
No, that's everything I need today. Thank you.|You're welcome! Have a great day!
I am traveling to Cambridge and excited about seeing local tourist attractions, can you help?|Do you have an attraction type preference?
Yes, I would like to see a museum. Can you tell me the postcode and entrance fee for it?|I have 23 places. What area would you prefer to be in?
I have no particular area preference. Can you list a few for me to select from?|There is Cafe Jello Gallery in the west, Cambridge Artworks in the east and Broughton House Gallery in the centre.  Does any of those sound appealing?
Yes could I have their postcode and entrance fee?|Cafe jello gallery postcode is cb30af and the entrance is free, is there anything else I can do for you?
I am also looking for the restaurant Yu Garden.|Here is the address 529 Newmarket Road Fen Ditton.
Can you give me more information about Yu Garden.|Of course! It is a chinese cuisine restaurant located in the east. Anything else you would like to know?
Just the price range and postal code please.|Their price range is expensive and the postcode is cb58pa.  Are you sure that is all you needed?
that is it. thank you for helping me|You're welcome! Enjoy your visit!
I am looking for Williams art and antiques.|I was able to find it, what information would you like about it today?
I need the area and postcode, please.|Sure. It is located in the centre and their postcode is cb12lj.
Can I also get a train to broxbourne on friday?|Train TR7808 leaves 6:01 on Friday, is that suitable for you?
I need to depart from Cambridge after 16:00.|Okay, I also have TR5694 which leaves at 16:01 and arrives by 17:01. Would that work for you?
Yeah I think that'll work. Can you book me 6 seats on that one please?|Okay, I got that all booked for you. Six tickets is 107.4 GBP payable at the station. Reference number is 3NFAUXBY. Is there anything else I can do for you?
Great!  Thanks, that is all for now.  Have a great day!|Is there nothing else I can help with?
No thank you that takes care of it goodbye|Thank you for using our system.  Good bye.
I'm looking for places to visit in the centre of town.|There are 79 attraction near the center of town. Are you looking for something in particular?
No. Can you recommend something in the centre?|Yes, I would recommend the All Saints Church. What information would you need for this attraction?
Could you provide me with the address and postcode?|cb58bs 	jesus lane
Thank you. I'm also interested in finding a hotel. I prefer one that includes free parking.|Okay, I found 29 hotels that meet your criteria. Could you please tell me what part of town you're interested in?
The north please and cheap.|Do you have a preference in stars?
No preference. Whichever one you recommend.|In that case, I would suggest the worth house.
Does it have wifi?|Wifi is included, are you interested in a booking?
No I just need the post code and the address please.|Of course. The postcode is cb41da. The address is 152 Chesterton Road. Can I help you with anything else today?
No, that will be all. Thank you!|You're very welcome. I'm glad I could help. Have a wonderful trip. Goodbye.
Can you help me find an attraction in the west part of town?|What type of attraction are you looking for?
a park for kids or a mini mall ?|In the west there are no parks. But there are colleges, museums, and an entertainment place called Whale of a Time if you are interested.
please get me the postcode. I am also looking for a place to stay. The hotel should be in the cheap price range and should include free parking.|The post code for Whale of a Time is cb238el. The Cambridge Belfry fits your needs perfectly. Would you like me to make a reservation?
Is that a four star hotel?|Yes, the Cambridge Belfy is a 4 star hotel in the west area.
What is their address and phone number?|The phone number is 01954714600 and the address is back lane cambourne.
Perfect, that is all I need to today! Thank you.|Thank you. Goodbye
Hey, is there any good italian food on the eastside?|There is pizza hut fen ditton. Would you like the address?
Sure, and also what is the phone number?|their phone number is 01223323737 and are situated 	Cambridge Retail Park Newmarket Road Fen Ditton, cb58wr
Thank you. I also need information on  sidney sussex college|their phone number is 01223338800 and are located on sidney street, postcode cb23hu and admission is free.
I'd like to find the Lensfield Hotel.|The Lensfield Hotel is location on 53-57 Lensfield Road, postcode cb21en. Would you like to look at booking a room?
Yes please I will be there three nights. Send me a reference number please.|Sure, I can do that.  Can you let me know what days you would like to stay?
I'll be there on Tuesday.|You're all set; your reference number is:  0IKY6DF0. I hope you enjoy your stay.
Thank you. I am also looking for places to go in town.|Should it be in the same area of town as the hotel?
I'm looking for a theatre in the centre of town.|adc theatre fits those criteria. Would you  like more information on it?
I need their entrance fee and phone number.|I do not know the entrance fee but the phone number is 01223300085.
I will give the theatre a call, thanks. I also need help with a taxi between the hotel and the theater, please.|and for what time please?
I want to leave by 8:15.|Your taxi reservation on a blue Skoda was successful. The contact number is 07066636790.
Thank you. That is all that I need.|Thanks for letting us assist you today! Enjoy your trip! Goodbye.
I am looking for a place to go in the centre of town that is a theater.|ADC Theatre is in the centre of town.
Can you give me their phone number and postcode?|Sure! Their phone number is 01223300085 and postcode is cb58as.
Do you know if Alexander bed and breakfast offers free parking?|Yes I can confirm the Alexander offers parking. Would you like me to book you a reservation there?
No thanks, I was just looking for information. I think that takes care of everything I needed. Thanks for the help.|Okay, great!
Can you help me find a nice museum? I need to plan my trip to Cambridge.|There are several museums in town. What area are you interested in visiting?
The area doesn't matter, please just send me the address, entrance fee, and postcode for the most popular museum in the city.|My favorite is the Broughton House Gallery. They're at 98 King Street, cb11ln, and it's free to get in.
Wonderful! Can you also recommend a restaurant in the east for me?|Was there a type of cuisine you wanted to have?
Nope, I am open to anything.  Just something good.|There are 356 restaurants can you narrow it down ?
Okay, I'm looking for a restaurant that is in the East with an expensive price range. Will that work?|What kind of food would you like today?
Any kind of food is fine. I would need to book for 8 people at 19:30 on Friday, please. Also, can I have the reference number?|I would recommend  the Royal Standard a cool gastropub. Will that work?
Yes, please complete the booking with the specifications I mentioned in the previous turn|I've completed the booking, your reference number is HNO1RKPN. Anything else?
That is all I need today. Thank you.|You're welcome and enjoy your stay.
I am looking to book a train that departs from cambridge on saturday|Great! I have those trains up.  May I now get where you are traveling to?
I am goint to London Kings Cross and should arrive by 21:45.|Sure, I have a train arriving at 19:51 TR0427. Would you like to book it?
Yes, please. I need a booking for 4 people and will need the reference number.|I have booked your tickets. Your reference number is GW9K5282. Can I help with anything else today?
Yes, I am looking for places to go in the centre area.|We have many fine attractions in the center of town. Is there a particular type you're looking for?
I would like a mutilple sports attraction please.|Would a swimming pool work in its place?
Yes our family likes to swim!|Great! There is just one swimming facility in the central zone: Parkside Pools. Would you like their contact information?
Yes, please get me their entrance fee and postcode.|Their entrance fee is not in our system and they are in cb11ly
Thank you. That's all I need for today.|Have a great day.
Thanks, you, too.|You're welcome!  Bye!
I'm looking for information on a placed called riverboat georgina.|Hello. The Riverboat Georgina is located in the North area at the Jubilee House. The phone number is 01223902091. Can I answer anything else for you?
What type of attraction is it? And the address?|Riverboat Georgina is a boat, their office is at Cambridge Passenger Cruisers, Jubilee House.
i am also looking for a restaurant in the north that serves african food|I have nothing African in that area. do you have another choice ?
I guess Indian food would work .|There are 2 one is moderately priced and one is cheap. Which do you prefer?
How about the moderately priced one. I will need their postcode and phone number as well.|Okay. Their phone number is 01223360966. The postcode is cb41uy. Can I help with anything else?
Yes, please. I need a taxi to take me from the restaurant to The Riverboat Georgina and I would need to leave the restaurant by 12:30.|What time would you like to arrive by?
When does the Riverboat Georgina depart? I'd like to have time to walk around the area and explore a bit.|I'm sorry I don't have that information but I can tell you it is located at cambridge passenger cruisers, jubilee house.
I also need to find a restaurant in the north serving African food.|I'm afraid that I did not find any. Would you like to try a different area or cuisine?
I'm sorry, you already located an Indian restaurant. You gave me the post code and phone number. What is the name of the restaurant?|The restaurant is named the nirala.
Great! Now I just need a taxi to take me from the restaurant to the boat. I want to leave the restaurant by 12:30.|You're gonna be expecting a black lexus . Their contact number is 07528633528
That's all I need, thanks so much for all of your help! Have a great day!|Have a great day also. Take care. Goodbye.
Hi, I'm trying to find a place to go in the centre. A college would be fun to visit!|Great!  I would be happy to help you find one.  Are you looking for one with free admission?
maybe, give me the address of one please|There are several college's in the centre.  How about Saint Catharine's College?  It is on King's Parade and has free admission.
Thank you. I also need a train to London Kings cross, arriving by 9|Where will you be departing from, and what day would you like to travel?
I'll be departing from Cambridge, and would like to leave on Tuesday.|I have train TR3343 arriving at london kings cross tuesday at 7:00.  Shall I book that for you?
Yes, I need 4 tickets please. Please send me the reference number.|Your tickets have been reserved, and just to clarify, that train departs at 07:00, and arrives in London, Kings Cross at 07:51. Wouldn't want you to miss the train! Ref#: AQDCG6N8
OK thank you that is all I needed today.|Have a nice day and thank you for contacting us.
I'm looking for something to do in the Centre.|The centre is very popular. Is there a certain kind of attraction you are interested in?
I would like to try local restaurants.|great, any cuisine you're craving?
Actually the restaurant I have in mind is  shanghai family restaurant.|Great.  Shanghai Family Restaurant is moderately priced and located in the centre area of the city.  Would you like me to book you a table?
Yes, please book it for friday for 6 people at 15:00.|Booked it for you!  Your reference number is: D6X7SUKP.  They will reserve your table for 15 minutes.
Can you help me book a taxi to the restaurant?|What is your departure site, and what time would you like the taxi?
I need to arrive in time for my reservation.|Great are you arriving from a hotel, an attraction or perhaps the police station or hospital?
I will be arriving from the train.|Ok.  I booked  a taxi from the cambridge train station arriving at the restaurant in time for you 15:00 reservation.  Is that correct?
I need the contact number and car type.|The car type is grey ford and the number is 07121585263. Would that be all?
Yes that's all I needed.|Okay, I hope you enjoy your stay!
I have a particular attraction I want to see, can you help?|Yes can you give me the name of it?
Milton Country Park|It's a free park on the north side of town. You can find it at milton country park, milton.
Could I get the phone number for that?|the phone number is 01223420060. anything else?
Can I get the address for Milton County Park and the entrance fee? I would also like to look for a cheap hotel in the centre with free wifi.|There is no entrance fee to the park. The only address I am showing is Milton County Park, Milton. I have two guest houses that meet your criteria.
I need the hotel to be cheap as well. I would like it booked for 2 people for 3 nights starting on Wednesday please.|I'll book you in the alexander bed and breakfast; it's quite good. Your reference number is 1D3AXX7X. Is there anything else I can help you with?
That is all, thank you!|Thank you for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre, and enjoy your stay in Cambridge!
Can you get me information on a place called kymmoy?|Kymmoy is a restaurant serving expensive Asian Oriental cuisine in the city centre. It's address is 52 Mill Road City Centre, postcode cb12as, and it's phone is 01223311911. Anything else?
Can you book a table for 5 people at 18:45 on tuesday.|Done! The table is reserved for 15 minutes. The reference number is N7833WX5. Is there anything that I can help you with?
No that is it. Thank you.|You are welcome.  Enjoy your dinner.  Goodbye.
I would like to find a restuarant called La Raza. Will you help me?|I found a Spanish restaurant by that name at the address of 4 to 6 Rose Crescent. Shall I make you a reservation?
Yes.  I need a reservation for 6 people on wednesday at 17:45.|I can make the reservation for you now.
Yes that would be great and if there isn't a booking for Wednesday I can also do Tuesday. I will need a reference number with that.|I was able to book Wednesday at 17:45 for you. Your reference number is 1R8RR9NS.
I am also looking for some information about queen's college.|Okay, I can help you with that. queens' college is located on the West side and their phone number is 01223335511. There's a 2.50 pound entrance fee though
Can I get the postcode please?|Yes, the postcode for the college is cb39et.
Could I also have the address of the College?|It is located on silver street.
thank you for your help!|Is there anything else I can assist you with?
no that is enough for today|OKay, have a great day.
Can you help me find some local restaurants to dine in during my visit to Cambridge?|Certainly, do you have an area, pricerange, or food type?
Something near the attraction primavera would be nice. Where is that located?|The Primavera is located in the centre area.  I'll be happy to find a restaurant in that area for you.  What type of food would you like?
What is the phone number for The Primavera?|The Primavera can be reached at 01223357708
I also want to dine at a moderate restaurant in the center area.|What price range are you looking for?
I would like something in the moderate price range.|I would suggest the varsity restaurant.
I need it for 1 on 11:30 Tuesday.|Okay, I've made the reservation for 1 at the varsity restaurant on tuesday at 11:30. The reference number is AXLJBTF7
I also want a taxi to go between those two places.|Ok great and what times do you prefer?
I don't care about the departure time, I just need to be at the restaurant by the booked time.|Your are all set, look for a grey volkswagon, if there are issues, the driver can be reached at 07015859463, can I assist with anything else?
That is all thanks.|welcome and thanks for using our services
I'm looking for a place to go in the centre of town.|There are a lot of attractions in the centre. Anything in particular?
I'd like a nightclub please.|I recommend the club salsa? Here is their phone number, 07782218745
What is their address and the entrance fee?|The address is 1 Station road and the entrance fee is 5 pounds. Is there anything else I can do for you?
That's all for now. Thank you for the information.|You're welcome, thank you for calling the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Have a great day.
Hi there. I would like to find a train to Cambridge for Thursday.|Sure. I found many listings. Where would you be departing from? What time do you wish to leave and arrive by?
I will be departing from birmingham new street.  I don't really care about what time it leaves but I have to get there by 21:30.|Train TR6105 will arrive in Cambridge by 12:23.  It costs 75.10 pounds per ticket.  Would you like me to book a seat for you?
No thank you. I think that was all the information I needed.|Will you need anything else at the moment then?
I would also like to find out about any mutliple sports attractions you might have in the centre of town.|I'm afraid we don't have anything like that. If you're willing to go to the east side there is the Cherry Hinton Village Centre. Or maybe something else?
What is the price for that?|I do not have the entrance fee listed, but if you are interested in going there, you could call them at 01223576412 to determine their pricing.
Do you have a college attraction in the centre of town?|There are 13 colleges in the centre of town. christ's college is in the centre of town and the entrance fee is free.
That sounds great, can you tell me their postcode?|There postal code is cb23bu. Can I help you find anything else?
No, that should be all, thank you.|I hope you enjoy your stay in Cambridge!
Hi there, I'm looking for information on Darry's Cookhouse and Wine Shop.|That restaurant is locates in centre and is on 40270 king street in city centre. Their phone number is 01223505015.
Sounds great.  Can you reserve a table for 1 on Saturday at 13:00?|Your Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Reference number is : A88AJSR3.
Wonderful. Can you also help me find a cool place to visit in town, maybe a theatre?|We have five excellent theatres in town, located in the centre and the south.
Can you give me the address, phone number and postcode for one in the centre area?|adc theatre can be called at 01223300085. Their postcode is cb58as, and their address is park street. Anything else today?
Yes, I also need a taxi to take me between the two places.|Sure,  i can book a taxi for you.  Where would you be leaving from?
I will be leaving from the theatre.|I'd be happy to help with your request, what time would you like picked up?
I will need to arrive at the restaurant by 13:00.|Your all set a grey bmw will be picking you up the contact number is 07421029087, anything else today?
what time will the taxi arrive?|13:00 can i do anything else ?
No, that's all for today. Thanks for your help. Goodbye.|Have a safe trip. Goodbye.
I need some information on traveling from Cambridge. I'd like to go to Ely by train.|There are 70 different trains to choose from.  What day would you like to travel?
I would like to arrive in ely by 17:30 on thursday please.|Train TR0996 arrives in Ely at 6:07 and costs 4.40 pounds per ticket.  Would you like me to book a reservation for you?
Yes, can you book eight tickets please?|Got you the tickets. The total fee is 35.2 GBP payable at the station. Reference number is: 353TSC7M. Can I do you anything else?
I am also looking for places to go on the east side of town.  Can you give me suggestions?|I have about 10 different attractions. I have a park, swimming pool, museum, entertainment and a boating attraction. Which interests you?
I think I'd like to visit a museum, preferably on the east end of town.|There are 4 museums in the east. 3 have free admission and one is 5 pounds.
Any one will do. I just need the phone number.|You can reach the Cambridge Museum of Technology at 01223368650. They're five pounds to get in, but I think it's definitely worth it. Can I help with anything else?
That's it for today.  Thanks. You've been great!|Have a great day! Goodbye!
Do you have any restaurants in the center of town that serve The Americas cuisine?|No, sorry. Would you like to try searching for a different location or cuisine?
how about one that serves modern European food?|There are 4 places that server Modern European cuisine in Centre.  Do you have a particular price range in mind or would you like a suggestion?
Price doesn't matter. I would like to book a table for 7 people at 13:00 on Sunday.|I made you a reservation for 7 on Sunday at 13:00 at riverside brasserie. Your reference is DYYUTE3X and the table will be held for 15 minutes
Thank you, that is nice.|Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, I'm also looking for somewhere to visit in the same area as the restaurant.|I have found 44 attractions in the area you will be at. Do you have a specific thing you would like to do?
I would love to look at Cambridge's architecture. Is this possible?|Great, I recommend All Saints Church in the centre. They offer free admission. Would you like more info?
Can you tell me their address?|The address is jesus lane
I will a taxi also to make sure I get to the restaurant on time.|I booked a taxi from All Saints Church to Riverside Brasserie arriving before your reservation. It is a red BMW and the contact number is 07880762329.
Thanks so much.  That will be all for today. Take care.|Thank you and enjoy your time with us!
I need a train to Ely, please.|What day will you be traveling?
I will be leaving Sunday after 19:30.|Can I ask where you are leaving from?
I will be leaving from Cambridge on Sunday after 19:30.|I have train TR3544 leaving at 19:50 and arriving by 20:07. Would this work for you?
No need to book it.|OK. Can I help you with anything else today, then?
Yes.  I am looking for places to go on the west side of town.|Yes I have many colleges there. Can I suggest something for you?
Can you suggest some good architecture attractions?|Unfortunately, I'm not showing any architecture attractions in the west area.  Would you like me to look in another area?
What type of colleges are available?|There are five colleges on the west side. Churchill college, Clare hall, and Magdalene college all have free admission. Do any of those interest you?
Clare Hall sounds like it would be nice. Can I get their phone number please?|The phone number is 01223332360. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I think that is all I need. Thank you for your help. Goodbye.|It was a pleasure to assist you. Thank you for using our service. Goodbye.
I need to find a museum to go to.|In what area would you like?
Can you find one in the Centre area?|The Broughton House Gallery is a museum in the centre of town. It has free admission. Would you like the address?
Yes. I would also like the postcode as well.|They are located at 98 king street, postcode is cb11ln.
Thank you.  I also need information about trains departing from Stevenage on Wednesday.|There are seven trains leaving stevenage and arriving in cambridge on wednesday. Do you have a specific time you want to leave or arrive?
I would like to arrive at cambridge by 08:15.|Ok, how many tickets do you need to purchase?
I would just like to know the departure and travel time of a train that will arrive by 8:15 please.|The train will depart at 5:54 and have a travel time of 49 minutes. Would you like me to book this for you?
Yes please, thank you.|Your booking was successful.  The reference number is 9T2OOW0C.  Is there anything else that I can help you with today?
Thank you.  That is all.|Thank you for using our system!
I am looking for places to go in town, preferably something with boats.|There are 4 boat attractions. What area of town would you like?
Not sure what area, but could you pick one for me and tell me the address and phone number?|Sure, Camboats is always a good bet. Their address is the plough, green end, fen ditton, and postcode is cb58sx. Can I help you with anything else today?
Yes, I am looking for a train leaving Cambridge going to Norwich on Friday.|There are 19 trains from Cambridge to Norwich on Friday. Is there a particular time you'd like to leave or arrive?
I'd like to leave on Friday and arrive by 20:30.|Alright, you have plenty of options. The first train available leaves at 5:36, and they run every hour until 18:36. Would you like to book one of these trips?
Yes, I would like to book the one that arrives closest to 20:30.  I will need tickets for 6 people.|Booked! TR4093 is your train, reference number is 08QY408D. 105.6 is the total fee. It leaves at 18:36 and arrives at 19:55.
I have everything I need.|Excellent. Have a great rest of your day!
Thank you, you too.|Have a good day.
Can you find a train departing from Cambridge going to Kings Lynn? Thanks.|Absolutely! It looks like this is a 47 minute ride. What day and time are you looking to depart?
I want to leave after 21:00 on sunday.|I found a train for sunday after 21:00 leaving cambridge going to kings lynn. Would you like to book it?
Yes, please book it for 1 and send me a reference number.|The reference number is TVFAM55I.
I would like to visit a museum.|Great! What area are you looking for?
Any area would be fine. Can you recommend one for me?|The cambridge and county folk museum is in the west area. Would you care for more information on it?
Oh yes please.  That sounds wonderful.  Can you get me the address and tell me what the entrance fee is?|Sure.  It's located at 2-3 Castle Street and the fee is 3.50 pounds.  Anything else?
That's great. Thank you so much.|You are very welcome! Have a great day! Goodbye!
I'm looking for a restaurant serving sri lanken food in the south.|Unfortunately, we do not have any restaurants in the city that offer sri lankan food. Is there a different type of cuisine you want to try?
How about a chinese restaurant?|I have 3 chinese restaurants in the south. The lucky star is a favorite of mine.
That sounds good, can I get the address, phone number and price range please?|The phone is 01223244277and the address is Cambridge Leisure Park Clifton Way Cherry Hinton.  Would you like to book a table now?
Could I get a price range for the restaurant first? Could I also get a short list of nearby attractions to the restaurant you recommend?|I'm sorry, it's in the cheap price range. Nearby you have Cineworld Cinema, Nusha, Tenpin, Byard Art, The Place, The Junction, and two parks. Did you want to book that table?
I'd like to find a attraction in the same area of town as the restaurant.  Can I get the attraction type and entrance fee?|cineworld cinema is a cinema, and there is no information available on the entrance fee. The phone number is, 00872208000 if you'd like to call them to find out.
Ok I need to get a taxi|What is your departure and arrival sites?
I'm going from the  cinema to the restaurant.  I want to leave the cinema by 16:30.|For how many people?
It will only be me.|Booking completed! A white lexus will be picking you up. Their Contact number is 07650851838.  Can I help with anything else today?
That's going to be it, thanks for your help.|Thank you for contacting us have a nice day.
I'm looking for the Kings Hedges Learner Pool. Can you give me their contact info?|Kings Hedges Learner Pools phone number is 01223353248, they are located at Jedburgh Court, Kings Hedges, CB42XH. Can I help with anything else?
Yes, what area of town is that exactly?|It is in the north of the city, would you like help with anything else?
No that is all I need today. Thank you very much!|You're very welcome! Goodbye!
I was hoping you can find me a museum in the centre.|There are 11 museums in the city centre. I recommend castle galleries. Can I help with anything else?
Which museum is located in the centre? Can you give me a phone number and address please?|Try the Broughton House Gallery, at 98 king street. Their phone number is 01223314960.
Yes I also need a train to Bishops Stortford leaving after 20:15|I can get some train options for you if you tell me what day you want to leave and where you want to leave from.
I need to leave on Saturday from Cambridge.|TR1159 will have you in bishops strotford by 22:07. Would you like me to book that for you?
Yes, please book it for 6 people, and I need a reference number.|Okay, I've booked 6 train tickets for you. Your reference number is NW67NGNA. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Nope, you helped with everything I needed today. Thanks!|You're welcome, have a great day.
Please help me find a train from kings lynn to cambridge.|What day and time will you be departing?
Friday. I need to arrive by 11:30.|TR1612 will get you there by 9:58.  Plenty of time.
Ok, that sounds good. Can I please book 2 tickets? And I'll need a reference number, please.|Your reference number is RH4X9U1Z. Do you need anything else?
Yes, please.  I would like to visit a museum while I am in town.|How about the cambridge artworks?
Is it in the west?  I need something in that area.|If you'd like to be in the west, I recommend Cafe Jello Gallery.
Could I get the phone number and postcode of that museum?|Sure, the phone number is 01223312112. The post code is 	cb30af. Do you need any additional information about Cafe Jello Gallery?
Yes, may I have the address, too?|The address for Cafe Jello Gallery is 13 Magdalene Street. Would you like any more assistance today?
that is it i am good now thanks !|Awesome. Thank you for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Have a great day!
You too, goodbye!|Be sure to ask if you need anything!
I'm looking for a multiple sports attraction in the area of center.|We currently do not show any locations that fit that criteria.  Would like me to look in a different area?
No, How about a swimming pool in that area?|Parkside Pools is located at Gonville Place.  I do not have the entrance fee available, but the phone number is 01223446100 and the postcode is cb11ly
Thank you for the phone number. Thanks for the help!|Is there anything else I can help you with today?
I am also looking for a train leaving friday.|There are 404 trains that day, what destinations do you need?
I am looking to depart cambridge, head to ely, and arrive by 18:30|Alright, there are seven trains that meet that requirement, starting at 5:50 and running once an hour every hour until 17:50. Would you like me to book any of these trips?
Yes, please book for 1 person the train that departs at 17:50.|Booking was successful for TR9933, the total fee is 4.4 GBP payable at the station. Reference number is : P4U5T2N6.
Thank you for all your help.|You're welcome.  Is there anything else I can help you with today?
That's everything I needed, thank you very much for your time!|Enjoy your trip!
I'm looking for a restaurant called Saffron Brasserie. What can you tell me about it?|It is a indian restaurant in the centre area.  It is expensive and the phone number is 01223354679. Do you need reservations?
Yes please make a reservation for two.  Also provide me with a postcode and phone number.  Thank you!|Please specify the day and time you want your booking to be made.
I think I will book it myself instead, can I get the phone number and post code so I can though?|Yes the postcode is cb21la and the phone number is 01223354679. Is there anything else I can help with today?
I am also looking for info an places to go, more specifically colleges in the centre area.|There are five in the area.  Did you have any specific requirements you were looking for?
No could you recommend one please?|How about Downing college on Regent Street?  It's free and located in the centre area.
That sounds great. Can you book me a taxi to go between the two?|I am getting the info in, I need a time of day though to get a taxi.
I would like to leave downing college by 06:45.|The taxi has been booked. The taxi taking you to your destination will be a red Toyota. The number to contact them is 07987423433. Anything else I can help you with?
No, that's all I needed. Thanks a bunch!|I'm glad I was able to help today!
Can you tell me about some of the attractions in the center of town?|We have dozens of activities in centre.  Is there a specific type that you are interested in?
What one would you recommend and the entrance fee?|The Castle Galleries museum is one most newcomers find interesting, admission is free.
That sounds great! I'm also looking for a place to stay in the same area. I want one with free wifi.|How about the alexander bed and breakfast, which is a 4 star hotel?
Is it cheap and in the same area?|Yes, the Alexander Bed and Breakfast is a cheaply priced guesthouse in the centre. Would you like me to book a room for you?
Yes, that sounds good.  Please book it for 2 people and 3 nights starting from Sunday.|I am so sorry, but the booking was unsuccessful. Would you like to change the day or shorten your stay?
Why don't we try booking only 1 night?|Booking was unsuccessful still. can we book another day?
NO, I'd rather another hotel if possible.|Would you like me to try el shaddai, it is also in the cheap range.
That sounds good.  Please book for 2 pepole and 3 nights starting on sunday.  Please provide a reference number.|I am sorry the booking was unsuccessful, can I try a shorter stay?
How about 1 night?|Booking was unsuccessful.
Is there anything fun to see or do on the West end?|Cambridge offers many museums on the West end.  The Cafe Jello Gallery is one that looks fun. Would you like to know about more of them?
I just need the phone number, please.|The phone number for Cafe Jello Gallery is 01223312112. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Can I get a train arriving by 09:30 on wednesday?|Where will you be traveling to and from?
I need to go from cambridge to stevenage, please.|I have a train that arrives by 08:10.
Okay that will work. I need to book it for 7 people.|You have 7 tickets for the train, your reference # is: 9VEQHOIF. The fee is 89.6, pay at the station.  Is there anything else I can help you with?
No thank you. That will be all|Great! Have a nice night!
I want to book the Archway House in Cambridge.|And what day would you like to check-in?
We'll be checking in on Monday and will be staying for 3 nights.|How people will be staying?
There will 6 people can you book it and send me the reference number?|I have made those reservations. Your reference number is B3HCU4VS.
I am also looking for entertainment in the centre of town.|There aren't any entertainment spots in the centre of town. Would you like to search for a different type of place or another area?
how about one that is in the type of college?|Christ's college is in the centre of town and their entrance fee is free. Would you like their information?
Yes, may I have their phone number and address please.|Of course. The phone number is 01223334900. The address is saint andrew's street. Can I help you with anything else today?
That's all I need! Thanks, bye!|You're welcome, glad I could help.
I need help getting some info on the lynne strover gallery|Certainly, it is a museum on a went side of town with free admission, they can be reached at 01223295264.  Can I help with anything else?
Yes, the address would be great.  Thanks so much.|The address is 23 high street, fen ditton.
What about the post code?|The postcode is cb30aq.
i'm also looking for a hotel.|There are 2 hotels in the west area, did you have a price range?
The hotel I'm looking for is called the Avalon.|Avalon is not on the west side of town.
Well what is on the west side then?|There is nothing on the West side,do you want another area ?
Hi, I am planning a trip.  Have you heard of a particular hotel?  I think it is called the Carolina Bed and Breakfast.|Yes, it is a 4 star guesthouse located at 138 Perne Road.  Very nice and clean place.
Great! I need reservations for 3 people, for 3 nights, beginning on Thursday.|Booking was successful. Reference number is : KYWFGUNH.
Thank you. I also need to find an attraction in the Centre. Can you help me with that.|I sure can! There are 44 attractions in the centre. Do you have a preferred type?
Can you pick one for me and give me the address ?|All Saints Church is an architecture interest and has free admission. It is located on Jesus Lane.
Can you arrange for a taxi to pick me up at the Church at 15:15 and take me to the hotel? I'll need car type and contact number|The car is a red audi and the contact number is 07570056398.
Thank you so much, that is everything that i need|I hope you have a great time.
I am looking for entertainment places to go in town.|There a 5 entertainment spots in town. Is there a particular area you are looking to visit?
I'd like to visit the south side of town.|There are two places - Nusha and Tenpin.
Let's go with Nusha. What is the entrance fee, please?|I am not sure of the entrance fee.
What is the Tenpin's entrance fee?|I'm sorry, but neither venue provides their entrance fee to us. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
I am also looking for a train. It should leave after 19:15, and should go to birmingham new street.|On which day and from where will you be departing?
Friday. I'll take the first train after 19:15, please provide the train ID.|That would be the TR7769 which departs at 20:01 and arrives at 22:44. It costs 75.10 pounds. Did you want me to book it for you today or no?
No, no need to book it for me. Thank you, that was all I needed.|You're welcome. Have a great day.
I need to find an attraction to visit in town.|There ar lots of choices. Were there any attractions in particular you are looking for?
Yes, I would like a college type of attraction please.|Sure! I'd suggest Christ's College in the Centre on Saint Andrew's Street. It has free entrance. Would that work for you?
Yes that will work I need the postcode and address please.|Postcode is cb23bu and the address is saint andrew's street. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I also need a restaurant. Portuguese, if possible.|Okay we have two, nandos and nandos city centre. Do you have a preference?
I would prefer one in the South.|Nandos is the way to go, then. I've heard wonderful things about their food, too, so I think you'll be pleased. Would you like to reserve a table?
No reservation is needed yet, but can I please get the phone number and address please?|Their phone number is 01223327908, and they are located at Cambridge Leisure Park Clifton Way.
Great thanks. I think thats really all I need today. Take care. Goodbye.|It was my pleasure to assist you. Have a good evening.
I am looking for a train from Cambridge leaving Monday.|Where would you like to travel to?
I want to go to Ely. I need to arrive by 15:45.|I can get you tickets for an arrival time at 14:07,that is the soonest, is that okay?
Yes. That's perfect. Can you book for 2 people?|Yes, I made a reservation for 2 people. The reference number is K9R2W1I6 and the total fee is 8.8 GBP payable at the station.
Great. Can you recommend a Concerthall to go to?|the man on the moon is a concert hall located in the centre part of town. would you like their address and their phone number?
Do you have any concert halls located in the west?|No, there are no concert hall on the west-side.
Is there one that is in the type of college?|Clare Hall is a college in the West with no entrance fee. Will that do?
Yes, that would work. Could I get the full address and phone details for Clare Hall please?|Yes, Clare Hall's address is herschel road and it's phone number is 01223332360.
That's all I need. Thank you.|Thank you for using Cambridge TownInfo centre.  Please remember us for all of your future travel needs.
I am looking for college attractions in the centre.|We have 13 colleges in the centre, and most have free entry, such as Christ's College.
Great, can you give me the phone number and postcode of Christ's college?|Of course, the phone number is 01223334900, and the post code is cb23bu.
Also want to find someplace to eat.  Want to be in the cheap price range and in the same area of town.|How About Chinese?
I was thinking more on the lines of afghan food.  Do you have any listings for that?|I am afraid I don't. Would you like to try a different area or cuisine?
Could you check fr mediterranean please?|The Gardenia is a Mediterranean restaurant in the centre of town, would you like to make a reservation?
I will need it for three, at noon, on Thursday.|I am sorry, but the Gardenia does not have any openings for noon on Thursday for 3 people. Would you like for me check a different time for you?
How about at 11:00?|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : RBZGP3RX. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, thank you, that should be all.|you are welcome to use our services anytime.
I want to see local sights, can you help?|Yes, there is a wide variety, do you have an activity type that your are interested in?
I like hiking and seeing historical sites.|I'm sorry, there does not seem to be a historical site or hiking area in Cambridge. Is there anything else I can help with?
Yes, I would like to find a hotel in the cheap price range?|Sure, I can help you with that.  What section of town were you looking for?
i don't really care about the area.|Okay. Are you interested in hotels that offer internet and/or parking?
Doesn't really matter if they offer either of those or not. I just want it to be a 0 star hotel.|City Cenrtree North and B is a cheap hotel,would you like me to book it for you ?
Yes please, 6 people for 5 nights and we would be arriving Monday.|I'm sorry, I seem to be having an error in my system. You want a booking at the citycentre north B&B for 6 people, 5 nights, on Monday?
Yes, a guesthouse is fine. I was looking for zero stars and in the cheap price range.|Then the city centre north b and b is what you want, shall I book you?
Yes, please book it for me.|I'm sorry that doesn't seem to be available would you like me to try a  different day or guesthouse?
Let book the same but on Tuesday instead.|Booking was successful for Tuesday. Your Reference number is : 0J3V1091.
I'm also looking for somewhere to go. Perhaps the college. Can you tell me the postcode for the college?|There are 18 colleges in town. I recommend christ's college in the centre. The postcode is cb23bu.
Great, thanks. I don't need anymore help. Goodbye!|I'm happy I could help today. Goodbye!
I need a hotel with free wifi.|Do you have any other criteria?
It needs to be four star, but on the cheaper range, and free parking doesn't need to be included.|We have several good guesthouses that meet your criteria. Or do you prefer a hotel?
Either is fine. Which one is your favorite?|I suggest the Alexander Bed and Breakfast.
Great that sounds like a plan.|Would you like me to book it for you?
No thanks. Is that a guesthouse?|yes that is a guesthouse
Okay, great. I'm also looking for attractions in the west.|There are 13 attractions in the west. Any particular type that you would like?
What attraction do you suggest?|How about Clare Hall, a college?
That sounds good.  Is there an entrance fee?|The entry fee is 2.50 pounds.
What's their phone number?|Their phone number is 01223332360. Can I help you with anything else today?
Yes, I'll need a taxi from the attraction to the guesthouse. I want to leave the attraction by 05:30. What is the car type and contact number please.|I have booked a blue Tesla, the number is 07770229036
that will be it for today and thanks for your help|i am glad i have been of help to you
You bet. This is the end.|Thanks for using our service today.
I was hoping to relax and visit a park while in cambridge.|I found 5 great parks to visit. There are two on the south side, one on the north, one on the east and one in the centre of town.
Great! Can you provide addresses and entrance fees?|The Cambridge University Botanic Gardens are in the centre of town, located on Bateman Street, with an entrance fee of 4 pounds. The other four parks have free entry.
Okay great i will go for the University Botanic gardens. Can you also assist me to look up the Carolina bed and Breakfast address and availability?|I sure can.  When were you hoping to stay there?
Please book it for 6 people and 5 nights starting from monday|Done.  Your reference number is DCLQRJ5I.  Would you like anything else?
No. Thank you. That is all.|Okay. Glad I could be of help.
Have a good day|You too thank you and bye.
im looking for a place that serves morden european food and with a cheap price range|There is one restaurant that serves modern european at a cheap price, it is the river bar steakhouse and grill in the centre of town.  Would you like more information?
Could you book me a table there for 1 on Friday at 11:45?|OK, you have a table for 1 at The River Bar, reference #G2XQJ7B5. Can I help you with anything else today?
I am also looking for a place to go for some entertainment in the east. Any Recommendations?|How about the Funky Fun House on Mercers Row?
Sure, can you give me the address, phone number and entrance fee. Thanks.|You can call them at 01223304705. The address is 8 mercers row, mercers row industrial estate. Their entrance fee is unlisted
Great, thanks for that. Are you able to also book me a taxi so I can commute between the two places?|Yes, what time are you wanting to leave?
Well before 11:45 to make sure I don't miss the reservation would be good.|I have reserved you a taxi. they will be in a blue audi with the phone number 07033607984 if there is any issues.
Thanks, that's all I needed today. Goodbye!|Okay, you are so welcome! Bye!
Please find a restaurant that serves Latin American food.|I'm sorry I couldn't find a Latin American restaurant is there another type of food you'd like?
Is there a British restaurant in the center of town?|There isn't, I'm sorry, could there be anything else?
Oh no, my friend told me there was a really great British place in the centre. Can you double check?|We have wonderful British restaurants in the center of town! My favorite is The Cambridge Chop House, but it's a little expensive.
Sounds great.  I want to book for 7 people on friday at 17:15.|Done! Your table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Your reference number is BMZ45SHV. Can I help you with anything else?
Thanks for the booking. Will you help me find an attraction in the centre near the restaurant? A swimmingpool would be ideal.|Parkside Pools is in that area. Their phone number is 01223446400.
Thanks, what is the address along with postcode? Also is there an entrance fee?|My computer is not showing anything regarding an entrance fee, I'm sorry about that. The address is Gonville Place, and the postcode is cb11ly. Anything else I can help you with?
That's alright. Can you book a taxi to take me from the pool to the restaurant in time for my reservation? And give me car type and contact number|I have booked a white tesla for you. Contact number: 07825756363. Does that take care of everything for you today, or did you want more help?
That is all I need, thank you for your help.|You're very welcome Let us know if you need anything else.
I'm looking for an expensive restaurant in the west.|I have about 9 different options for you. What type of food would you like to dine on?
I would prefer Caribbean food|I'm so sorry, but we don't have any Caribbean restaurants in that area.  Would you like a different type of food?  Or I could check a different area.
Do you show any Indian restaurants in that area?|Yes I have 5 in that area. I would like to suggest cocum. Would you like to make reservations?
That sounds great.  There will be 6 of us on Sunday for dinner.  Say, 19:15?|Great! Your table at cocum is booked. Your reference number is 1CQ2UX5F. Do you need help with anything else?
Yes, I'd also like to visit a museum.|There are 23 museums in Cambridge. Would you like to visit a museum near your restaurant in the west?
You can just choose the one you like best please and then tell me its postcode and area|Cafe jello gallery is in the west area. The post code is cb30af. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No that will be all thank you|You are most welcome, enjoy your visit!
Can you help me find a train to Cambridge?|I sure can!  What day and times are you looking for?
I'll be coming in from Norwich on Friday. I'll need to leave after 11:30, please.|How about TR9900 that leaves at 05:16?
That sounds just like what I needed.  Can you please make a booking for 5 people?|Yes, I'd be more than happy to book TR9900 for 5 people.  Would you like a reference number?
Yes please give me the reference number|Give me one moment to complete the booking.
Did you complete the booking?  I need the reference number.|I apologize for the extended wait.  Your seats have been reserved.  Your reference # is LR5KLQWT.  Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Great I'm also looking for a park to visit in the centre of town.|Okay. The only park in the centre is cambridge university botanic gardens. Their address is bateman street, postcode is cb21jf, phone number is 01223336265, and the entrance fee is 4 pounds.
That sounds great! Thanks for all your help; that's all I needed today. Goodbye!|You're welcome! Please contact us if you need additional assistance during your visit to Cambridge!
Can you help me find a train leaving on tuesday departing from cambridge?|and where would you like to go ?
I would like to go to Kings Lynn, please.|At what time will you be traveling?
I would like to arrive by 11:45.|Train# TR7548 leaves Cambridge at 10:11, arriving in Kings Lynn at 10:58. Would you like me to book your ticket?
Yes, please make a booking for 3 people.|Yes, the reservation is complete.  You can pay 29.4 GBP at the station.  The reference number is: GSD9FUA7.  Can I help you further?
I am looking for museum type attractions in the centre of town|I have found 11 museum attractions. Do you have a preference or would you like me to suggest one?
I would like one with free admission.|primavera has free admission. Their address is 10 king s parade
Thank you very much, that is all I'll need.|thanks you very much
you welcome and good bye|Good bye, enjoy your day.
i'm looking for a nightclub|I have a lot of nightclubs in the city center. Do you want me to recommend one to you?
Yes please. And can you tell me what area it's in and what the entrance fee is? And the address too, of course.|Sure! The Kambar is a nightclub located in the centre. The address is 1 Wheeler Street. The entrance fee is 5 pounds.
Thank you, I also need a train from london kings cross to cambridge.|Did you have a date or time in mind?
I need to travel saturday and get there by 14:45|TR5729 arrives by 14:08. Would you like a ticket?
I need 6 tickets and the reference number|Booking was successful, the total fee is 113.28 GBP payable at the station .
Reference number is : IHJSSXL2
Thanks for all the help!|I'm glad I was able to help. Thanks for using our service today.
I want a hotel that has free parking.|There are several, got a price range, or area of town you'd like to stay in?
I want to stay in the northern part of town.|Ashley hotel is in the north in the moderate price range with free parking and internet. Would you like to reserve a room?
Yes, please reserve a room.|I'd be happy to help with your request, but I'll need to know what day you're arriving, how many are staying and for how many nights?
Never mind. I want to know is this a guesthouse. If not I need one.|No its not but the Hamilton Lodge is one. would you like a room?
Sure.  Can I get the postcode, price range, and phone number?  I also need an attraction in the same area of town.|The postcode for Hamilton Lodge is cb41da and their phone is 01223365664. They're in the moderate price range.
I also need a place to go in the same area as the hotel.|We have a couple swimming pools, a park, and a riverboat in the area, do you have a preference?
A park sounds nice. What are my options?|MIlton County Park is a favorite amongst locals and tourist in the north part of town.
That sounds wonderful! I will need a taxi to commute please.|Absolutely, what time do you prefer?
I want to leave Milton County Park by 06:15 to return to Hamilton Lodge, please.|I booked you a white tesla. In case you need to reach them, their number is 07906803720. Will that be all for today?
yes,that will do for now thanks|i am glad to help. Enjoy !
Thank you I don't need anything else, goodbye.|Goodbye and enjoy
Hello, I am looking for a restaurant. The restaurant should be in the centre and should serve modern eclectic food.|There are no restaurants in that are would you like to try a different area?
Are there any other expensive restaurants in that area that may be nice to visit?|There are 33 entries for expensive restaurants in the centre. Would you like to hear some options?
Are any of them modern eclectic food?|No, there doesn't seem to be any modern eclectic places at all. Would you like a different type of cuisine?
Dang...How about some Thai food instead|As far as thai food goes, I happen to have one place. Good thing is they are very highly recommended. It is called Bangkok City. Would you like a reservation?
Yes, I'd like to book for 2 people at 16:45 on tuesday.|I'm sorry, but they seem to be all booked up at that time. Would you like to try a different day or time?
Can you try booking at 15:45?|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : 1NY7QJKY.
Fantastic, can you also find me a museum attraction?|There are several wonderful museums in town. Is there a specific area you prefer?
Any type would be fine I just need to know the area and entrance fee of one you would recommend.|Cambridge Contemporary Art is very nice. It's in the centre part of town, like the restaurant, and it's free to get in. Can I help you with anything else?
No, that is all. Goodbye.|Okay. Have a lovely day then.
I am planning a trip and need to book a train to Birmingham.|When would you like to leave?
I would like it to leave after 11:45.|What day will you be travelling on?
I need to leave on Sunday and depart from Cambridge. What will my arrival time be?|I have train TR0686 leaving sunday at 12:01 and arriving at 14:44. Would you like to book that?
That might work but I'll have to think about it. In the meantime, what details can you give me about Scudamores Punting Co?|Its a lovely boat in the center. Would you like me to get you the address and phone number?
That's okay. That's all I need today. Thank you for your help, goodbye!|Good bye, enjoy your stay at Cambridge.
I need to find places to go.  Can you aid me?|How about visiting one of our many architecturally important churches? May I offer you a list?
I should very much like to explore the East, what is located there?|There are 10 different entries for that area. Are you looking for something specific?
What attractions are in the East ?|There are a couple museums, some entertainment venues, and a boat.  Do any of these interest you?
How about a museum|There are 4 museums there. The cambridge artworks, gallery at twelve a high street, and saint barnabas press gallery are all free. The cambridge museum of technology is 5 pounds.
The Cambridge Artworks sounds good. Can I get the address and phone number please?|The cambridge artworks is at 5 greens road, cb13ef. The number there is 01223902168.
Thanks, i'm also looking for a place to stay with free parking.|What area of town would you like to stay in?
I had no preference going into this, but lets try east since the museum is there.|There are about 6 places you can choose. Are you wanting a specific price range?
No but quality matters, are any of them 4 stars?|Yes there are five hotels in the area that are 4 star hotels. Would you like me to list them for you?
I'd like a guesthouse, 4 stars.  Area doesn't really matter.  Can you recommend anything?|there are 16 available. the one that is a beautiful place and is really inexpensive is the limehouse guesthouse. do you need a room?
I need a hotel or guesthouse with 4 stars that has free wifi, can you make a recommendation based on that?|I recommend the allenbell. It's a cheap guesthouse that is located in the east like your attraction is. It has free parking and wifi. Shall I book for you?
No booking, just get me the phone number.|I'd like you to book the allenbell. Before I do can you tell me how far is it from the theater?
I wouldn't know this.|I can book that for you but need to know how many people, when and how many nights.
Sorry, actually, can you please just send me their phone number?|No problem at all. The phone number for Allenbell is 01223210353.
Thank you so much for your help.  That is all that I need today.|Thank you for contacting us and have a nice day.
Where are the good places to go?|There is so much to see here.  Is there a particular area you will be in?
Yes, the centre is where I will be staying.|There are 44 attractions to choose from. Which type would you like?
Something that you think is interesting, Can I have the address as well?|Would a museum or theatre be of interest to you?
A museum would be fine. Just pick a good one for me please.|The primavera is nice and it is free. Would you like to know more?
find me its phone number and address.|The address for Primavera is 10 king s parade, postal code cb21sj, they cbr at 01223357708, anything else that I can assist with?
Thanks. I also need a hotel, definitely not a guesthouse, with free parking, please.|There is university arms hotel located in the centre it is a 4star hotel with free parking and internet.  WOuld you like me to book it for you?
No thanks. I'll take care of that. I need the price range and their postcode please.|They are in the expensive price range, and postcode is cb21ad
Thank you. That is all that I need.|You are welcome. It was my pleasure serving you from the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Goodbye.
I am looking for information on some places I can go when I am visiting soon.|There are lots of nice places. What would you like to do ?
I would like to go to a museum that you recommend. I will need the phone number please.|The Byard Art Museum is wonderful. Their phone number is 01223464646.
I also need some where to stay, 4 star.|There are three that meet your criteria. The Huntingdon Marriott Hotel, The Cambridge Belfry, and the University Arms Hotel. Would you like me to book one of those for you?
Yes please. Book it for 3 people and 4 nights starting from Friday.|I'm sorry, which of the 3 would you like a reservation at?
I would like to book the cheapest one.|The cambridge belfry was cheapest so I reserved that one.
I probably need a reference number dont I?|Yes, your reference number is U4Z311TN. Can I help you with anything further today?
I need a taxi from the hotel to the attraction, leaving at 2:45.|I have booked you with a black volkswagen taxi. The phone number to contact is 07217220369 if there are any changes needing to be made later.
That was quickly handled. Thank you for your help. Goodbye now.|Have a lovely visit in Cambridge. Please use the TownInfo centre when you arrive. Goodbye.
Hi! Can you help me find an attraction to visit in the centre of town?|I have quite a few options. Did you have an idea what type of attraction you were looking to visit?
Surprise me. I just need the attraction type, address, and postcode.|Castle Galleries is one of my favorite museums.  It is at unit su43, grande arcade, saint andrews street, post code cb23bj.  Does that sound good?
That's great. Thanks.|Is there anything else I can help you with?
No thanks.  You've been a great help.  Have a nice day.  Bye.|Thank you. Have a great day, goodbye.
I am looking for a hotel called The Cambridge Belfry. Can you help me with this?|Certainly. The Cambridge Belfry is located on the westside, address is back lane, cambourne, postcode cb236bw. The phone number is 01954714600. do you need more information?
Can I get the price range for the restaurant?|Did you mean the hotel? The price range for The Cambridge Belfry hotel is cheap.
Yes, thank you. I'd also like to find a swimming pool in the town centre.|I have one swimming pool in the centre area of town. It is called Parkside Pools. Is there any additional information I can get you for them?
I need to know the fee for Parkside Pools please.|I am sorry, but the info for the entrance fee in not available. Could I help you with something else?
Yes, can you please help me book a taxi to leave the hotel by 03:15?|Alright, a black honda will pick you up from the hotel at 3:15. Your contact number is 07832092727.
Thanks, that's all I need today. Have a good day!|You're welcome. Enjoy your stay.
i want information about attractions in the centre|How about all saints church? It has free admission.
Sounds interesting. What is their phone number?|The phone number for All Saints Church is 01223452587. Can I help you with anything else?
Can you tell me their postcode as well?|Sure. The postcode is cb58bs. Can I help you with anything else?
Can you help me find a really nice and expensive chinese place in town?|Okay! What area of town would you like to dine in?
I would like to be in the centre.|How about tang chinese? They are located at Napier Street City Centre.
Can you tell me their phone number?|Sure thing, here you go 01223357187
I also want to book a taxi to commute between the two places.|I can help you with that. Where would you like the taxi to pick you up?
I'd like to go between All Saints Church and Tang Chinese by 2:30.|Let me find a taxi for you.
Any luck with the taxi yet?|Booking completed!
Booked car type	:	red skoda
Contact number	:	07139106461
thanks thatnis it for today|Okay, no problem! I hope you have a great visit!
Hello, I'm looking for a swimming pool in town.|There are four pool options, any preference for area?
No, but could you tell me if they have any entrance fees.|I found 4 swimming pools, but there are not information about the entrance fee.
Can you help me find a 4 star hotel that offers free parking?|I found 5 hotels with free parking. What area and stars do you prefer?
I don't care about the area, but it does need to be 4 stars, as I mentioned earlier.|I recommend Huntingdon Marriott, it's an expensive 4 star hotel in the west.  They have free parking as requested.  Would you like me to book it?
No thank you, may I please get the postcode for Huntingdon Marriott?|Absolutely! Their post code is pe296fl. Can I be any further help to you?
Can you also find me a taxi to get to the two places?|I'm sorry. Where will you be departing from, and at what time?
I would like to leave the hotel at 24:30.|I have  you booked.  Your taxi is a yellow bmw contact number is 	07777787318.
.
Great! Thank you for all your help!|You are welcome. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I'm sorry,  I actually am looking for the postcode of the cheaper hotel of the 5.  And a taxi from there instead.|Sure. The Cambridge Belfry is a cheap 4 star hotel. Postcode is cb236bw. Taxi is booked. Car is a black bmw and contact number is 07510940370.
Great, you've been a great help. Thank you.|I am very pleased to have helped you today.
Hey planning on coming out there. Please suggest a train that would arrive in cambridge at 12:30!|Where will you be leaving from?
I will be leaving from Broxbourne.|There is a 09:32 that would arrive by 10:32 for 17.90 pounds.  Does that sound good?  There are other options if you'd like to leave later.
That works,  can you book seats for 4 on that and give me the reference number?|Booking was successful, the total fee is 71.59 GBP payable at the station .
Reference number is : BIBTGCNA. is there anything else i can help you with?
Do you have any suggestions for entertainment that are in town center?|We have lots of museums, architecture, and colleges. What would you be most interested in?
I would like a museum.|There are 11 in the centre is there a type of museum you'd like to visit? There are many art galleries and some science museums.
My first choice, actually, is not a museum, but an entertainment attraction. What type of entertainment attractions are available?|We don't have any in centre.  Maybe  a different part of town?
You know, on second thought a museum may be fun. Could you search listings for a museum in the centre?|There are 11 museum in the city centre. Is there a particular type of museum you're interested in? Art? Science?
Art sounds good. Let's try that.|Cambridge contemporary art is very edgy. The address is 6 trinity street, postcode cb21su, and it is free. Do you need more information?
No thank you that is all I needed today.|Enjoy your visit! Let us know if we can be of any more assistance.
I am looking for yippee noodle bar.|Yippee Noodle Bar is at 40428 King Street City Centre. Would you like to make a reservation?
Yes please. I need a reservation for 6 people at 16:15 on Thursday.|Got it! your reservation is confirmed for Thursday at 16:15 for 6 people. your reference number is C73DB4I8.
I'm also looking for places to go in town.|There are 79 different attractions in town. Do you have a specific area or type of attraction that you are looking for?
Yes, I'm very interested in visiting  a history museum. Is there a museum closer to the Yippee noodle bar or possibly within 5 to 8 miles is okay also|Broughton house gallery	is one in the centre of town, would that work?
Yes. Can I please get a taxi to arrive at the restaurant by the booked time of 16:15?|And where would you like to be picked up?
At the Broughton House Gallery, please|I have a car-a black Honda booked to pick you up at the Broughton House Gallery at 15:30. This is the driver's contact number 07749918641.
Thank you for your help. That is all I need today!|Hace a great day!
Please dig up some information on the mutliple sports in the centre for me|I'm afraid there isn't one. Can I help you find something else?
Oh well. I guess maybe a theatre instead.|There are 4 theatres in the centre. They are adc theatre, cambridge arts theatre, mumford theatre, and the cambridge corn exchange.
Can you tell me the postcode, entrance fee, and phone number of adc theatre?|The entrance fee isn't listed, but you can reach them by phone at 01223300085. The postcode is cb58as.
Thanks I also need a train that's going to cambridge.|No problem, where will that be coming from?
I need to leave from Norwich sometime after 20:15 on Saturday.|TR0615 departs at 20:16 and arrives by 21:35. Would you like a ticket?
No.  That is all the info I need.|Ok, have a good day!
I'm looking for some type of entertainment venue in the centre of town.|There is a vue cinema for your entertainment in the centre of town. Would you like the address?
No, thank you. Is there a museum in the centre area?|The Broughton House Gallery is in the area and has no entrance fee, would you like the address?
Yes, I would like the address, please.|The address is 98 King Street.  Can I help you with anything else?
Yes, thanks, I'd like to find a restaurant in the same area. Do you have any listings that serve polynesian food?|I found no polynesian restaurants in the centre of town
How about something in the cheap price range?|there are 15 cheap priced restaurants in the centre. what type of food would you like?
Are any of them Italian?|Yes, as a matter of fact Pizza Hut, Ask, and Zizzi Cambridge all serve inexpensive Italian food. Do any of these interest you?
I would like to book Zizzi Cambridge for 6 people on Sunday at 16:15.|I'm terribly sorry but Zizzi is booked at that time. Can I try at another time or on another day?
Is there anything available for 15:15?|I've booked you at 15:15 on Sunday at Zizzi Cambridge.  Anything else?
Can I get the reference number, please?|Yes, the reference number is ZLMXP05F.
Thank you very much for your help today!|Is there anything else that I can help you with?
That was everything. Thanks!|You're welcome. Goodbye!
Can you find me an expensive restaurant in the north?|There are five expensive places to dine in the North. Would you like to try asian oriental cuisine?
Yes. That's exactly what I'm looking for.|Saigon City at 169 High Street Chesterton fits the description. Shall I make a reservation for you?
Yes, please. Can you make a reservation for 7 people at 12:30 on a Tuesday? Thanks|I made a reservation for you at Saigon City for a party of 7 on Tuesday at 12:30. Your reference is N2FHZ30Y. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Wonderful. I'm also looking for a cool place to check out in the same area.|There are 79 attractions, would you like to try cineworld cinema?
I actually want to find a museum and it should be in the same area as my restaurant|Sorry, I'm not seeing any results. Want to try a different type or area?
Let's try for a boat type instead then|There is one listing here. It is riverboat georgina. Its entrance fee is unlisted but the address is cambridge passenger cruisers, jubilee house, postcode cb43ax and phone 01223902091
Thanks, I don't need anything else today! bye!|Ok.  Have a great day.
I am looking for places to go. Can you tell me about some museums?|I show 79 of them, is there a certain area of town you prefer?
Surprise me! I'd like the address, fee and postcode.|the broughton house gallery is located on 98 king street, is free to enter, and the post code is cb11ln.
Sweet! Can I also get some information on hotels?|Sure. I have 33 hotels in my database. Can you please provide me with the area, price range, and features you are looking for?
How about a 2 star rating in the moderate price?|Of course, ashley hotel and lovell lodge both meet that criteria. Would you like to book with one of them?
Either one is fine, I need to book for 1 starting sunday, 4 nights.|You have a room at the Ashley, reference number 1IIKBZBL.
Thank you very much for your help.|Great. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
How about some restaurant suggestions within walking distance of the hotel.  Any indian cuisine or african cuisine that's expensive?|how about broughton house gallery?
Does it have free wife and parking?|No, it doesn't. Sorry about that.
Sorry about that, I can look for a restaurant later. That's actually all I need today, thank you!|Ok great!  Thank you for reaching out to Cambridge TownInfo centre, I hope you enjoy your stay!  Goodbye!
I need to take a train to Stansted airport, arriving no later than 13:30.|Okay great! Where are you departing from?
I'll be departing from Cambridge.|I have train TR0188 that leaves at 12:40 and arrives at 13:08, will that work for you?
Does TR0188 leave on Tuesday?  I need a booking for 2 people on Tuesday.|I can go ahead and book that for you.
Yes, please book it.|Will you be needing a reference number?
Yes I will need the reference number.|OK, I actually booked you on TR7621. That's the 12:40 on Tuesday to Stansted. Your reference number is R14O2PJF.
I also need help finding a place to go. Are there any cinemas I could visit?|the vue cinema is in the city center. would you like to purchase tickets or know more?
All I need is the postcode.|Their postcode is  cb11ps.  Could I help you with anything else today?
No thank you.|Have a great day!  Goodbye!
I'm hoping you can help me find a particular attraction.|Sure, what are you looking for?
I'm looking for a place called cambridge and county folk museum|Cambridge and country folk museum is located on the west area at 2-3 castle street postcode cb30aq.
Thank you. I'm also looking for a particular restaurant called the Meze Bar Restaurant please.|I have it here. What would you like to know?
Could you book a table for 1 at 16:30 on Monday?|Your booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Your reference number is : JGNMHYR5.  Is there anything I can do to assist you?
I will also need a taxi to get from the attraction to restaurant.|Your booking was successful.  Your taxi will be a blue Audi and the contact number is 07434215242.  Can I help you with anything else today?
Thank you that's all I needed today.|Have a nice day and enjoy your trip!
I need a place to stay in the centre of cambridge.|do you have any constraints regarding cost or quality?
I am looking fro something cheap with a 0 star rating.|How does El Shaddai sound? It is a cheap guesthouse with 0 stars located centrally. It includes both free wifi and free parking?
I would like to book a hotel.|There are no cheap hotels with 0 stars in the centre. Would you like to book cityroomz? It is a hotel that has 0 stars and it is moderately priced.
Cityroomz will be fine. I need a room for 2 nights starting Thursday. There will be a total of 8 guests.|I'm sorry, the book was unsuccessful.  Would you like to try for another date or a shorter stay?
How about for only a one night stay?|Sadly I couldn't book Cityroomz. But I was able to book Alexander Bed and Breakfast a 4 star guesthouse for an even cheaper rate for one night with 8 guests.
Thank you! What is the reference number?|Your reference number is 6MYWN42P.
I would also like to know about fun things to do in town. What types of entertainment is available near the hotel?|There is no entertainment in the centre would you like to look for another type of attraction?
In that case can you tell me the address of some of the colleges in the area?|We have Gonville and Caius College on Trinity Street, Emmanuel College on Saint Andrew's Street, and Downing College on Regent Street.
Can you give me the full address for Downing College please?|Downing College is on Regent Street with the postal code cb21dq. Would you like the phone number?
No thanks, but I'd like to book a taxi between the two locations, please.|Okay, when would you like to leave or arrive by?
I want to leave my hotel no later than 17:15.|Great! I have a yellow honda set to pick you up. The contact number is 07441052837
Thank you! That's all I need today. You've been very helpful.|Glad to be of service!
Can you tell me about architectural attractions on the west side?|Yes, we have so many interesting architectural attractions. Do you have any particular area in mind?
Yes, I'm looking for something in the west.|Unfortunately, I do not have anything architectural in the west. Would you like me to try a different area or attraction type?
Alright could you tell me about the museums in the West?|There are 7 museums in the west, do you have a preference of what you'd like to see?
Can you recommend one? I need the address, entrance fee, and phone number too.|The cambridge book and print gallery is at 49 newnham road. It is a nice, free museum. The phone number is 01223694264. Anything else?
Yes, I'm also interested in a hotel called Alpha-Milton guest house. I need to book it for 7 people for 3 nights starting on Friday.|I've got you booked at the Alpha-Milton Guest House, and your reference number is T1JSFDDI.
i also want to book a taxi to leave the hotel by 03:45. get contact number and car type|You are all set, look for a black Audi, they can be reached by phone at 07657880984.  Is there anything else that I can assist with?
No that is everything I need. Thank you.|Thank you, hope you have a fun trip!
I'm  looking for places to go in town. The attraction should be in the centre.|I have 44 results for attractions in the town centre, could you be more specific on what type of attraction you would like to visit?
Do you have any nightclubs?|Yes, there is a place called the Ballare nightclub. Does that interest you or do you want me to find something else?
Can I get their phone number and address please.|You can find the ballare at heidelberg gardens, lion yard. The phone number is 01223364222.
Great.  I also need train schedule information going from Cambridge to Birmingham New Street.|I would be happy to help with your request, but first I will need to know what day you will be travelling?
I want to leave on Thursday and arrive by 20:00.|Alright, when would you like to leave by?
It doesnt matter when I leave, as long as it arrives by 20:00. The booking should be for 8 people as well.|Great! I was able to get you 8 tickets for thursday. Your reference number is 8E1G3PPD. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, that was everything I needed.  Thank you for your help.|You are welcome. Have a nice day.
You, as well. We can end the conversation now!|I'll take care of that right now. Bye!
Hello, I'm looking for a restaurant by the name of Cote. Can you find this for me and book a reservation please?|I sure can. Can I get a date and time, along with the amount of people that will be there?
We will be dining on Thursday at 13:15, and there are 4 in my party.|I was able to book you a table for four at Cote on Thursday at 13:15, Reference: 8s4q3a4d. Can I assist you further today?
Wonderful. Can you also help me find a place to visit in the east?|Is there a specific type of attraction you are looking for?
I would love to visit a boat attraction|We have one boat attraction in the east. It is camboats.
Can I have the phone number, address, and postcode?|Phone number is 01223902112, address- the plough, green end, fen ditton and a postcode of cb58sx. Thank you is there anything else I can assist you with?
Thanks, you're so helpful! I'm all done now, bye!|You are very welcome, it's a pleasure to assist you! Goodbye!
I'm looking for a museum in town.|There are many great museums to choose from. Is there a specific area of town you are looking to visit?
No specific area. Can you recommend one for me?|The Byard Art museum located in the south area of town is very nice. Would you like information about it?
Yes, give me the phone number please.|Sure! The phone number is 01223464646.
Thanks! That's all the information I needed. Have a great day!|Thank you. Have a good day.
Can you give me information about the Yu Garden? It's a restaurant my sister recommended.|Sure! Yu Garden serves Chinese food on the Eastside. It's prices range toward the expensive side. Would you like more information?
I would like to book a table for saturday|What time would you like this reservation?
I would like a reservation for 14:30 for 5 people please. Can I have the reference number?|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.Reference number is : 9XFOBDBF.
Can I also get a phone number?|The phone number is 01223248882.
Great. I am also looking for places in the centre of town where i can do boating. Any suggestions?|Yes, there's the Scudamores punting co and the Cambridge punter.
Could I have the post code and address for both places?|Scadamores Punting Co is located at Granta Place, Mil Lane and the postcode is cb21rs. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
No, that's all I need.|Awesome. Have a great trip!
Can you help me find a restaurant i am looking for? Its name is the Rice Boat.|That's an excellent choice!  When will you be dining?
First, could you tell me what type of food is served?|The Rice Boat serves Indian cuisine.
Thankyou.  Can you help me find a attraction called the place?|The Place is a nightclub in the south part of town. The address is 22 sidney street and the phone number is 01223324600.
Can you tell me how much the entrance fee is please?|I'm sorry I do not have an entrance fee listed. Perhaps you could call them to check.
Okay and what was the postcode for The Place? I also need a taxi ride from the rice boat to the place.|The postcode for The Place is CB23HG.
Thanks. Can you arrange a taxi from The Rice Boat to The Place? I'll need to leave by 23:30. Please provide the contact number and car type for the taxi please.|Certainly. I've booked you a yellow toyota. The contact number is 07181629943.
That's all I need, thank you.|Thank you for choosing Cambridge TownInfo centre today. Please let us know if you need further assistance in the future.
Can you get me information on a restaurant called j restaurant?|It's an asian oriental restaurant in the centre of town. Want me to book it for you?
Yes, I need a table for 3 people.|Excellent, and what day and time?
sunday at 12 please|Reference number is : EZ8L6J51. Anything else?
are their any swimming pools in the east?|Yes, there is a swimming pool at Abbey Pool and Astroturf Pitch.  Would you like the address and phone number?
Actually, just give me the postal code and entrance fee.|Sure! the postcode is cb68nt and the entrance fee is not known.
I would also like to book a taxi from the pool to the restaurant|I can take care of that for you. Do you have a time you plan on leaving the pool?
I just need it to arrive to the restaurant before our reservation.|Your taxi is booked. The contact number is 07780999958 and it will be a white toyota picking you up. Is there anything else you need?
No thanks. I got everything I needed. Take care. Bye.|I hope you have everything you need.
I am looking for information in Cambridge.|You really should be including something to search for instead of a general statement, what do you want me to search for?
Wow, you are snippy for an Info centre! Perhaps a museum.|I apologize for my early snappiness.  I'd be happy to find a museum for you to visit while your here.  Is there a particular area of town you'd like?
No, I'd just like to visit a museum, could you recommend one to me?|I highly recommend the Lynne Strover Gallery in the west. They have free admission. They are located at 23 High Street, Fen Ditton.
Thanks! I also need a train to Peterborough on Saturday, please. I need to leave after 18:00.|can i book it for you?
Please, I'll need 3 tickets.|Where are you departing from?
I am leaving from Cambridge.|TR5194 arrives in peterborough at 17:56. Is that cutting it too close or would you like to book that one?
No, I need to leave Cambridge after 18:00.|I've booked 3 tickets on the TR2569 departing at 18:34.  The total is 39.59 GBP, payable at the station.  Reference# 6DX0OQTC.  Can I help with anything else?
No that is it. Thank you.|enjoy your stay in Cambridge have a lovely day
I need a train from cambridge to broxbourne.|When would you like to travel?
Well, I would like to leave on Monday.|What time do you need to depart and arrive?
I want to arrive in broxbourne by 15:45.|The first train departs Cambridge for Broxbourne on Monday at 05:01 and arrives at 06:01. Would you like to book this train for 17.90 pounds?
yes, please. book for 1 person|Your Booking was successful, the total fee is 17.89 GBP payable at the station.  Your reference number is Q8BDX7AS.  Is there anything else I can assist with?
I would also like a place to go that is a  cinema and should be in the centre of town.|i have the vue cinema located at the grafton centre, east road. their phone number is 08712240240. is there anything else i could help you with?
That is all, thanks!|You're welcome! Have a good day!
I'm looking for a swimming pool please.|What side of town would you like that to be on?
Could you make it the south side of town please.|i see no swimming pools in that area would you like me to search another area
What about an entertainment attraction?|Sure, the Tenpin is located in the south, at Cambridge Leisure Park on Clifton Way.  Would you like to know anything in particular about it?
Could I get the phone number and postcode?|The Tenpin phone number is 08715501010 and the postcode is cb17dy.  Can I help you with anything else today?
Yes please. I'd like to find a good Malaysian restaurant located in the same area as this Tenpin place. Something on the pricey side. What would you suggest?|Unfortunately, there are no malaysian restaurants in that area. Would you like to try a different area or different cuisine?
In that case, can you recommend me a restaurant serving Mexican cuisine in the area?|Chiquito restaurant bar is located in the South. It is an expensive Mexican restaurant. Would you like me to book a table for you?
Yes, can you book one for 4 on Thursday at 19:15? And I need the reference as well please.|your booking was successful and your reference number is U6O638TB.
Great I also need a taxi between the two places please that will get to the restaurant by the reservation time.|I was able to book that taxi for you. Be looking for a red Toyota. If you need to reach them, their phone number is 07984383543. Is there anything else?
No, that is all. Thank you, goodbye.|you are welcome.
Can you help me find a train from kings lynn?|the next train from king lynn is Friday 5:11 to Cambridge
Do you have any that would arrive at 17:45, leaving tuesday instead?|Yes, there are 12 trains that fit that criteria. Do you have a desired departure time?
Whatever gets me there as close to 17:45 as possible. Can you book it for 7 people please? Reference number and train ID would also be lovely.|All booked! Your train ID is TR8177 and the reference number is ZDTM4B8N. You will be arriving at 16:58.
Thank you. I'm also looking for places to go in town. can you help me with that?|Sure, what are you interested in seeing?
I am looking for some type of entertainment.|There's the Funky Fun House on the east side of town, does that sound ok?
That sounds great, may I have the postcode, phone number and area of town it is in?|Funky fun house is located in the east side of town, address is 8 mercers row, mercers row industrial estate postcode cb58hy, phone 01223304705.  Is there anything else needed?
Thank you so much. That is all.|You're quite welcome. Have a good day!
I want to visit a concert hall. Are there any in the center of town?|I'm sorry there are none in the center of town. Would you like to try a different area?
I really wanted a concerthall in the centre area, are you certain there isn't one?|Actually, it looks like there is one named The Man on the Moon.  Would you like more information about it?
Yes, please. May I have the phone number, entrance fee, and post code?|They can be reached at 01223474144, postal code cb12lf and I do not have any information abotu the entrance fee. Can I help you with anything else today?
Yes. I also need to find a train to birmingham new street please.|Where will you be leaving from?
I want to leave from Cambridge after 21:15 on Monday.|The TR7001 train leaves cambridge at 22:01. Would you like me to book that one for you?
Yes, please book for me.|How many seats will you be requiring?
Two people. Could I get a reference number too please?|Your tickets have been booked. Your reference number is EJN85NL3.
Thank you very much. That should be everything.|You are welcome. Enjoy your visit!  Let us know if we can help you in any way.
Hi, I'm planning a trip to Cambridge and I'm looking for places to visit in the centre.|There are churches, colleges, and museums.
I'm not sure which I'd like to visit, do you have any recommendations? Also, please let me know the entrance fee.|I recommend adc theatre. I am unsure of the entrance fee.
Is there anyway to find out the entrance fee? I will also need to book a train leaving stevenage leaving after 11:45.|You can call ADC Theatre at 01223300085 to find out the entrance fee. For the train, can you tell me the day you would like to travel?
I would like to travel on Sunday going to cambridge.|There are many trains that go to Cambridge on Sunday, where are you departing from?
I'll be leaving from stevenage|There is a train leaving Stevenage at 11:54 and arriving in Cambridge at 12:43 this Sunday. Would you like me to book this train?
Yes please, for 4 people.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 40.96 GBP payable at the station. Reference number is : KY3BCCE0. Can I help you with anything else today?
No. That will be all for today. Thank you.|Have a great day.
Hello! I'm looking for a cheap restaurant that serves modern global food.|I have not located any restaurants that serve modern global food, would you like me to locate a restaurant that serves a different food type?
Well, that is disappointing but maybe we could try italian.|i got five. any specific area you prefer?
Centre of town please. I need to book a table for 7 people at 17:45 on Thuesday.|Okay, that narrows your choices to three: Pizza Hut City Center, Ask, and Zizzi Cambridge. Any preference?
Zizzi Cambridge sounds good, can you book that please?|Sure thing, I will work on this and be back with you shortly.
When you're done working on it please give me a reference number for my records|Unfortunately, I can't book anything without some more information from you. I would need to know the day and time you'd like to dine, as well as the number of people.
I need a table for 7 people at 17:45 on Thursday.|I have booked your reservation. The reference number is UJEGRKNM. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I need a place to go in the south.|The south is lively with cinema, entertainments, a museum, nightclub, parks and theatre. What appeals to you?
Are there any multiple sports arenas?|Not in the south. I have them in other areas of the city. Would you be interested in another area or another type of attraction in the south?
Are there any interesting places to go in the centre of town?|Yes, there are many. Do you have any preferences in terms of attraction types?
Not really.  Can you give me a favorite?  And the entrance fee as well?|There are many free attractions, types include architecture, college, and museum. Do any of these interest you? Or I can look for attractions that have a fee.
Can you give me the address, phone number, and entrance fee for the museums?|Broughton House Gallery is a free museum located at 98 king street. Their phone number is 01223314960.
Is there an entrance fee?|There's no entrance fee. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, i need a train leaving london kings on Thursday.|Okay, where is your destination?
I will be going to Cambridge.|Do you have a particular time you would like to travel?
i just want to arrive by 14:15|Do you need me to book that for you?
can you give me the total travel time on that?|The duration for all rides are the same at 51 minutes. TR2512 arrives by 14:08. Does that work for you?
thanks that is what bi wanted. good day|Thank you very much for using this automated system.  Good bye!
I want to find a cheap guesthouse to stay in.|Alexander bed and breakfast is available, would you like to try that?
Does it have free parking?|And free Wifi, interested?
Yes can you book me a room and send me a reference number?|Sure, what nights were you wanting to stay?
I was hoping to stay for 4 nights starting tuesday.|How many rooms do you need?
Two rooms, and the reference number after booking. Also wanting an entertainment attraction in the centre. If nothing is available, then a park would be fine.|Where would you like the hotel to be located in town?
I've already picked the Alexander bed and breakfast. I need a reservation for 4 people, 4 nights, starting on Tuesday.|I have made that reservation and your reference number is 28D4Y8J7.
Thank you I also am looking for a place to go in the centre of town that is entertainment.|I'm sorry, but we don't have any entertainment style attractions in the center. Would you like to check a different area?
Do you have any parks instead?|cambridge university botanic gardens located at bateman street and entrance fee is 4 pounds. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Can you arrange a taxi to get me from the Alexander B&B to the Botanic Gardens? I want to leave the Alexander by 05:00.|I have booked you a taxi. The contact number is 07054308445 and it will be a blue Lexus. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Thank you that is all I needed.|You're welcome. Have a great day!
Hi, Im looking for a train that leaves on Sunday and arrives by 14:45.|Where are you traveling to and from?
I am leaving from Cambridge and headed to Bishops Strotford.|I have an available train to leave at 05:29.  How many people will be riding with you?
There will be 5 of us traveling, I would like to make a booking and will need a reference number please.|Your booking was successful. Reference number is Z7EQWZDC. The total fee is 40.4 GBP at the station.
I am also looking for a museum to visit on the west side!  Is there any?|We have 7 in the west actually. Do you want to narrow it down further?
I'll take the one on top of your list and may I have the phone number please?|Certainly, broughton house gallery, their phone number is 01223314960. May I help you with anything else?
That will be all for now, thank you.|Okay great. Thank you for calling!
Yes I am looking for a hotel in the centre of town.|We have 3 hotels in the centre of town. Did you want a moderately priced one or an expensive hotel?
Price doesn't matter and I don't need internet. I do however need free parking.|In that case, I recommend the University Arms Hotel, a 4-star place on regent street.
That sounds good, let's go with that one.|I can book that for you. How many people will be staying? How many nights do you want to stay?
I would like it to be for 6 people and 2 nights starting from Wednesday, please.|Your room is booked, ref# KHHJBQSZ. Can I help you with anything else today?
Thank you. I also would like to find some places to go in the area of the hotel.|We're fortunate to have a wide variety of attractions in the centre of town. Do you have any specific interests today?
I think I would like it to be of the multiple sports type.|Unfortunately there are no multiple sports attractions in the center. Please consider changing the attraction type or area.
Are there any theatres near the University Arms Hotel?|There are four theatres in tat area, I recommend the mumford theatre.
Okay, can I please have the postcode?|Of course, it's cb11pt.
Thanks! I'll also need a taxi from the theatre to the hotel, and I'll need to leave the theatre by 07:30, please.|I've booked it and the car you're looking for is a yellow ford and the contact number is 07609359169. Is there anything else?
That's all I need.  Thank you and goodbye!|Thank you for contacting Cambridge TownInfo centre. Goodbye!
I'm looking for information on a restaurant called La Margherita.|Sure, it's a cheap Italian place in the west at 15 Magdalene Street City Centre cb30af. Their phone is 01223315232. How else may I assist you?
I need to take a train going to cambridge on Thursday.|sure, where are you departing from?
I will be leaving from Kings Lynn.|Do you have a time you would like to travel?
I need to arrive by 12:15|I have a train that arrives by 11:58. May I book it for you?
Yes please for 6 people.|Okay.  I have booked your train for 6 people with a total fee of 58.8 GBP payable at the station.  Your reference number is RTP2BQMF.
Great! Thanks! I'm also looking for something to do in the centre of town, can you tell me what's in that area?|I have many options including architecture, cinemas, theaters and museums.
Whatever you recommend, I just need the name and entrance fee, if you will.|Let me see what I can find.
I am looking for a place to go in the centre. An attraction. Please tell me about some places.|Sorry, caught me napping. Old school is a great place for architecture, would you like more info?
Yes thanks.  That sounds great.  I am just interested in the entrance fee.|It is free! Can I help you with anything else?
No, that is all for now.|No thank you that will be all
Hello, I'd like some information on a train departing from Cambridge on saturday.|I am sure I can help you with that.  Where will you be traveling to, and is there a special time you would like to depart?
I am going to stevenage on saturday.|At what time do you wish to depart or arrive?
The train should leave after 09:15.  I'm not particular on arrival time.|I have train TR7542 leaving at 9:21 and arriving at 10:10. Would you like to make reservations for that?
Yes please.  I will have a party of 7.  May I please get the reference number as well?|Yes, I will provide a reference number.
Can I have the reference number?|Your reference number is 3TX311FG.
Great. Can you find me a place to go in the west?|Is there a certain type of attraction you'd like?
I have no preference.  Can you just make a recommendation and provide the address, postcode, and phone number?|Clare Hall is a great college to visit. Their address is on Herschel Road. Postcode is cb39al. Their phone number is 01223332360.
Thank you for the information.|You're welcome. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
That will be all for today! Thank you for the help!|Thank you for contacting us and have a nice day.
i am looking for places to go in town. The attraction should be in the type of entertainment and should be in the centre.|I'm sorry, I couldn't find anything like that in the centre.
How about a theatre type?|How about the ADC Theatre? It's located in centre. Would you like more information?
Can you tell me the address?|The adc theatre address is park street post code is cb58as
I would also like to find and expensive, 4 star place to stay.|Would you like the hotel to also be in the centre area? We have one in centre and one in the west area.
In the same area as the attraction please. So I guess centre|I have the University Arms Hotel. Would you like to make a booking?
Yes please, 6 people for three nights starting on tuesday.|your all set! reference number is YE34VAVO. Anything else?
Yes I would like a taxi from the theatre to the hotel.|What time would you like to leave and or arrive?
i want to drive by 05:00. Contact number and car type, please.|Your booking is completed, a blue bmw will be picking you up. Their contact number is: 07241940832.  Do you need any further assistance today?
That was all I needed.  Thanks so much!|Thank you for using the Cambridge Town Info Centre Services! We hope you enjoy your time in Cambridge
Hi, can you help me find a 2 star hotel that has free wifi?|There are 2 moderately priced hotels in the north and one expensive hotel in the east. Do you have a preference?
What about a cheap one?|I have 2 hotels in the cheap range, one in the north and one in the centre. The star rating on both is 0 however. Would either of these work?
No, I really need 2 stars.  Could you check for a moderate price range?|I have the ashley hotel and the lovell lodge. Would you like me to book a room at one of these?
Yes, I need it for 2 people and 4 nights starting on friday.|Neither is available for four nights.
Can you check again? I need any place to stay that has free wi-fi, 2 stars, and a cheap or moderate price range.|Can we possibly try for a different amount of days? Otherwise I'll a new search to check availability.
I'm really looking for only moderately priced hotels that have free wifi and 2-stars. Can you look and see if there is one that meets those options?|The ashley hotel is a two-star hotel with a moderate price and internet. Do you want to make a booking?
Yes I need to book it for 2 people and 4 nights starting on Friday.|Booking was successful at Ashley Hotel. Your reference number is 2YWNK0ZZ.  Can I assist you with anything else?
Yes I would like to visit some architecture in the center of town.|We have some great architecture in the center of town. Great Saint Mary's over on Market Street is popular, but charges visitors 2 pounds to visit.
Could you give me the phone number of Great Saint Mary's please?|Their phone number is 01223350914
Thank you, you've been very helpful.  I don't need anything else.  Have a great day.|Thank you very much, goodbye.
Hello! I need a guesthouse to stay in, and I really need it to include free parking for my van. Can you help?|I sure can! There are 21 guesthouses in the city that include free parking. Is there a certain part of town you'd like to stay in?
Yes, in the south, please, and someplace with 4 stars.|aylesbray lodge guest house is available and is 4 stars, would you like me to book this for you?
Perfect! I'll need a room for 5 people on thursday. We'll be staying for 3 nights.|You are booked into aylesbray lodge guest house. Your reference number is 744K1A1E. Do you need help with anything else?
I'm looking for a place to go. Are there any museums in town?|The Byard Art is a museum in the south located at 14 King's Parade, postcode cb21sj. Phone number 01223464646 and best yet, it is free!
Thanks, you've been extremely helpful. That's all I needed!|Great! Let us know if we can assist you in the future. Have a great day!
I'm looking for information about Sidney Sussex college.|Sure, it is located on Sidney Street, postcode cb23hu.  Admission is free and I would definitely recommend it to you.  Do you need to know anything else?
What area of the city is this in?|It is in the center. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Thanks. I'm also looking for a train. It should depart from leicester and leave after 20:15.|Was that heading into Cambridge? And what day do you need that train?
Yes, heading for Cambridge on Thursday.|The earliest train after 20:15 is the TR2621 leaving at 21:09. Would you like me to reserve a seat for you?
That would be great, but I'll need to reserve 4 seats, actually.|I managed to book you for four on that train.  Your confirmation number is 0W0NYOLZ.  The total fee 151.19.
Great! We're all set. Thanks so much!|You're welcome!  I hope you enjoy your time here.  Goodbye!
Hey, any entertainment type places in this town?|Yes, the Cherry Hinton Hall and Grounds and Funky Fun House are in the east, the south has Tenpin as well as Nusha, and Whale of a Time in the west.
Could I get the Cherry Hinton Hall's phone number, entrance fee, and postcode?|You might have to call, I do not have an entrance fee listed. The number is 01223446104 and postcode cb18dw.
I am also looking for information on the ashley hotel.|What information can I provide for you?
I would like to book it for 3 nights starting Sunday. For 5 people, please.|I was able to book it, reference number 6BIQ6UWS
Great!  That was all I needed.|Hope you have a great trip!
I need a train departing from Stansted Airport on Friday.|Sure. Where are you traveling too and what time would you like to leave?
I need to arrive in Cambridge by 9:15.|I have 4 trains that will arrive by 9:15 in Cambridge. What time would you like to depart Stansted Airport?
No preference on departure time, but I will need to book for 5 people.|Reference number is : 1LD6SOW1. Anything else?
Yes, I'm looking for a college to visit in the centre of town.|There are several colleges in the centre.  May I suggest christ's college or downing college, both have free entrance fees.
what's the entrance fee for christ's college?|The admission is free.
Ok, thanks. Can I get the phone number and postcode as well?|Post code is cb23bu and phone number is 01223334900. Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
That is everything thank you.|It was my pleasure to help. Have a good day.
I'm looking for trains that will be leaving on Sunday.|Please tell me your destination so I can give you options and cost.
I would like to depart from london kings cross and i'm going to cambridge.|There are 10 results, all costing 18.88 pounds. Would you like to depart or arrive at a certain time?
I need to arrive by 12:00.|I will book it for you,is there anything else I can do for you ?
I don't need it booked, just forward me the train ID, travel time and departure time please.|Yes, of course. The train Id is TR3478, it will depart at 9:17, and take 51 minutes to reach its destination at Cambridge. Can I assist you with anything else?
Yes please. I am looking for a museum to visit while I am in town. May I have the address and post code for your favorite?|The Broughton House Gallery is in the centre. The postcode is cb11ln and the address is 98 King Street.
Thank you. That was all I needed.|Okay, you're oh so welcome! Have a wonderful visit!
I would like to see some attractions in the North, what do you have up there?|What kind would you like to see?
Can you recommend an attraction type?|There are three types available: boat, park, swimmingpool.
Let's go with the park. I'll need the postcode and phone number, please?|Okay the Milton Country Park post code is cb46az and phone number is 01223420060.
I am also looking for a train form cambridge to peterborough on wednesday that arrives by 19:15.|The TR8760 will arrive in peterborough at 18:56. Does that give you enough time?
Yes that would be great. Can you book that for me for 7 people please.|I can go ahead and book that for you.
Thank you. Can you tell me the reference number for the train booking please?|Booked! The fee is 115.5 GBP payable at the station.
Reference number: QG3869DQ.
Great! Thanks very much for your help!|You're very welcome!
Hello, I'm looking for places to go in town when I visit Cambridge. What kind of entertainment attractions are there available in the centre?|There aren't any entertainment attractions in the center area.
How about a swimming pool in centre?|Yes, Parkside Pools is in the centre of town, on Gonville Place.
How much is admissoin?|Unfortunately my system is not showing an entrance fee but I can give you their phone number so you can call and inquire.
Yes, please - the phone number and postcode.|Okay. The phone number is 01223446100 and the post code is cb11ly. Is there anything else I can help you with?
i also want to book a stay at alpha-milton guest house. i want to book for 3 people and 2 nights starting from wednesday.|it has been booked. reference number is OPFPJHUK.
Thank you so much you have been a big help.|No problem. Enjoy you stay.
Thank I will.|Great! Bye now!
Hi, I am looking for a hotel called the Acorn Guest House.  Could I get the address?|Acorn Guest House is located at 154 Chesterton Road, cb41da. It's a 4-star guesthouse in the north.
Great. I need to make a reservation starting on Saturday.|And how many nights would you like to stay?
5 nights starting from saturday.|And how many people will be staying?
6 people and 5 nights starting from saturday.|Your reservation for 5 people at the acorn guest house this saturday for 6 days 5 nights was successful. Your Reference number is : ME1D0S58.
Thanks so much. Can you tell me the address for a place called Castle Galleries?|The address for Castle galleries is Unit SU43, Grande Arcade, Saint Andrews Street.
Great.  I would like a taxi to pick me up there at 21:00.|Will you be heading to the hotel?
Yes, I would like to head to and from the attraction.|Alright, I have a red skoda scheduled to pick you up.  The contact number is 07634294072.  Can I help you with anything else?
Nope that should do it. Thanks much, goodbye!|Let us know if you need further help. Good bye.
Are there any theaters that I can go to while I'm visiting Cambridge?|Yes!!  Several, like the cambridge corn exchange.  Is there a particular area you are interested in?
Yes a theatre in the east is what I am looking for.|Unfortunately there aren't any theatres in that area. Would a different area work for you?
I would consider a museum.  Are there any in the east?|Yes I have 4, does a entrance fee matter to you?
I need the get postcode and phone number.|A museum wasnt picked, but i would recommend the cambridge museum of technology, the postal code is cb58ld and the number is 01223368650, may I help with anything else.
i don't want that museum, i hate technology. i want to destroy this computer i'm using.|Lol. Okay how about the gallery at twelve a high street then?
is it an art gallery? i also hate art. i'm a curmudgeon.|it's just listed as a museum but i would assume they have art there. anything else today?
I need a train to Peterborough on Saturday.|There are a few trains to that place. Where will you be departing from?
The train should leave on saturday and should depart from cambridge.|The train nnumber is TR7310 and leaves at 5:06
Can you help me find a train leaving on Wednesday?|Sure, which stations will you be using?
I want to leave from Cambridge and arrive at London Liverpool Street.|TR5285 leaves at 13:59 amd costs 16.60 pounds. how many seats do i book?
I just need the travel time on that one|The travel time is 88 minutes. Can I help with anything else?
Yes, I'm looking for colleges in the centre.|I'd suggest christ's college. Would you like more information?
Yes. Is there an entrance fee?|No.  It is free.
Can I have the address and postcode?  Thanks for your help!|Yes the postcode is cb23bu and the address is saint andrew's street.
You have been very helpful.  That is all I need, thanks.  Bye.|Your welcome. I am glad I could help.
I need a train that leaves on friday and leaves after 10am|The TR1502 will leave Friday at 11:00, will this do?
Possibly.  Does it arrive in Cambridge from Kings Lynn?|I do have a train leaving at 10:11 from Kings Lynn and arriving in Cambridge at 10:58.  Will that work for you?
Yes, I need to book it for 8 people and I need the reference number.|OK. Your reference number is 5BB27IBR and the fee will be 78.40 GBP, payable at the station. Can I help you with anything else?
Yes, I'm looking for somewhere to go in the center of town. Something that involves multiple sports. Do you know of anything?|Unfortunately there is no place in the centre that is that attraction type. Would you like me to search another type or another area perhaps?
Yes, how about a swimming pool?|Yes there is a swimming pool, Parkside pools at Gonville Place. The phone number is 01223446100, is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, I need the postcode and address, please.|The address is gonville place, and cb11ly is the postcode.
That is all, thank you. Bye|It's been my pleasure. Have a wonderful day. Goodbye.
I am wanting to go to the theatre. Are there any in the centre of town?|The adc theatre is located on Park Street.  There are a few others as well.
The adc theatre sounds perfect. Could I get the postcode and phone number please?|Absolutely - the ADC's postcode is cb58as and their phone number is 01223300085. Can I help with anything else today?
I'm also looking for a place to stay. I hate star ratings, so this place needs to have a star rating of 0. It doesn't need to include free internet.|There are 3 places to stay in Cambridge that have star ratings of 0, but they all include internet. Would you prefer a cheap or moderately priced hotel/guesthouse?
I don't care about the price, but I would like a place in the centre of town with free parking.|I have the perfect place for you. It's called the El Shaddai guesthouse. It is on the cheap side and includes free parking and wifi. Can I interest you in it?
Is El Shaddai in the centre of town?|It sure is.  Would you like me to reserve it for you?
Yes can you reserve for two nights beginning May 18th?|Absolutely. How many people do you need a booking for?
I need to book for three people.|With the greeting  customer wanted to get information about theatre and hotel in the center of the city with free parking and free wii fii and not bothered about price.
I am looking for a restaurant in the south part of town that is moderately priced.|There is the Pizza Hut Cherry Hinton which serves Italian food and the Restaurant Alimentum which serves Modern European food. Which would you like?
Is there any Korean food?|Yes, Little Seoul is an expensive Korean restaurant in the centre of town.
No, I need something moderate priced in the south. Is there one that serves modern european food?|Restaurant Alimentum in modern European moderately priced in the south.  Would you like for me to book it?
No but I would like their phone number, address and postcode.|Alimentum is located at 152-154 Hills Road, postcode cb28pb, and their phone number is 01223413000. Is there any other way I could be of assistance?
I am also looking for a place to go. Can you recommend a theatre?|What area?
Area doesn't really matter. Are there a lot of theatre options in town?|Cambridge Arts Theater located at 6 saint edwards passage
That sounds great! Could you please give me the phone number?|The number is 01223503333.
I think that's it. Thank you!|im glad to have satisfied you in every way possible for me to given the context of this interaction
Great, thank you for the help.|You are welcome.  Have a great day.
Im looking for some nightclubs in the centre of town.|I have 5 in that area of town can I recommend the soul tree nightclub it only has a 4 pound entrance fee.
Are there any that are free entry?|No, our nightclubs are top notch and that takes a bit of punch, so they all have an entrance fee. The Soul Tree is the most budget sensitive.
Ok I need the address of the the soul tree.|The Soul Tree is located at 1-6 corn exchange street.
Thank you! I'm also looking for a cheap hotel with a two star rating.|There are none available would you like to try a different star rating?
How about one that is in the moderate price range?|The moderately priced Ashley Hotel in the north area might suit you.  It has 2 stars and provides internet and parking. Would you like to make a reservation?
Yes I need to make it for 6 people start Saturday for 5 nights.|Your booking was successful and your reference number is 3ZAWRMEC.
Thank you, that is everything for today.|enjoy your stay!
I am looking for something fun to do while in town. A nightclub would be nice.|Most of our nightclubs are right in the center of town. Kambar is my favorite.
Awesome! Can you provide me with the address, entrance fee, and postcode, please?|The address is 1 wheeler street cb23qb and admission is 5 pounds, would you like their phone number?
No, thanks. Can you find a gastropub restaurant in the centre, please?|backstreet bistro is an expensive gastropub in the centre area. Would you like more information?
is it in moderate price range?|it is an expensive gastropub
Do you have anything in the moderate price range?|Yes, there's the the cow pizza kitchen and bar.
What is their address?|They're located on Corn Exchange Street. Would you like me to make a reservation for you?
No, I just need information for today.  You have answered all of my questions.  Thanks so much.  Bye.|Thank you for using the Cambridge Town Info Centre Services. I hope you enjoy your time in Cambridge!
Are there any places that serve Christmas food? I heard there might be something like that around here.|I am sorry I do not see any place that serves Christmas food.  Would you like me to look for a different type of food?
How about some Chinese food?|I have a lot of choices for Chinese food. What price range were you looking for? Or area?
No preference, just pick a nice one and provide me with the name and phone number please.|Yu Garden is excellent. Their phone number is 01223244149. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Ok, so their number is 01223244149? Is there any Chinese attractions around the same area as the Yu Garden?|There are no Chinese attractions in town. Is there a different type of attraction that you are looking for?
How about a boat attraction?|There is one boat attraction in the east near Yu Garden called Camboats, located at The Plough, Green End, Fen Ditton. Their number is 01223902112. Anything else?
Can you book my a taxi between the two? I want to leave Camboats for Yu Garden by 8:30.|Your taxi is booked and it will be a yellow tesla. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Nope, that's all I needed. Thanks so much!|Also, just in case you need it the contact number for the taxi is Contact number 07633485095. Is there anything else I can do for you today?
No that is all thank you!|We are happy to help. Thank you for using our service.
I would like some information about interesting places to go in the center of town.|Does architecture interest you?
I would really like it to be entertainment.|I'm sorry, we do not have any entertainment attractions in the city center.  Would you like me to check in another part of the city?
I really wanted to stay in the centre.  How about a museum?|There are 11 museums in the centre is there a type of museum you prefer?
Please pick one and send me their address and postcode|Whipple museum of the history of science is located at free school lane, postcode cb23rh.  Is there anything else you need today?
Yes, can you help me find a place to eat?|Yes do you want it near the attraction ?
Hello, I'm looking for a restaurant that is expensive and located in the centre.|Sure, there are plenty of restaurants like that. Did you have a certain type of food in mind?
I am actually looking for a lively gastropub.|I would recommend either Backstreet Bistro or The Slug and Lettuce.
The Slug and Lettuce sounds interesting. Can I have the postcode, address, and phone number please?|I don't have a phone number for them, but the address is 34 - 35 Green Street, postal code cb23ju. Is there anything else I can do today?
I am also looking for an entertainment attraction in the same area of town that the restaurant is in, can you help with that?|I can definitely help you.  Do you want a boat, cinema, college, or maybe a museum?
Is there anything listed as simply "entertainment" in the center?|There are no entertainment venues in Centre unfortunately. I can either look for a different venue type or another part of town if you like.
Please try a college, instead. Could I get the postcode and phone number?|How about downing college on regent street, cb21dq? Their phone number is 01223334860.
Thank you so very much that is exactly what I was looking for! Thank you and have a  great day.|You're welcome. Have a great time!
Hello, i'm looking for a cheap hotel in the cambridge area close to local attractions.  I don't need internet or parking.  Can you help?|All the lodging I have found offers internet and parking. Would that be ok?
That is perfect, I was looking for free parking as it was.|Is there a particular part of Cambridge you are hoping to stay in?
I'm looking for a place in the cheap price range with free parking.|I think the Allenbell would be a good fit. Would you like a reservation?
Does it also have free wifi?|Yes it does have Wifi. Would you like me to book you a room?
Yes, book one night please.  What is the star rating by the way?  Also what parks are in the west area?|its a 4-star.  from which day should i book?
Actually, I'm not quite ready to book yet. But I am looking for parks in the west part of town. What are my options there?|I don't show any parks in the west.  Would you like to try another attraction?
Can you look for a nice museum instead?|There's 7 museums in the west and I highly recommend the cafe jello gallery. Would you like more information?
I'd like the postcode and phone number of that gallery please.|The cafe jello gallery is at  13 magdalene street, postcode cb30af. Phone number 01223312112
Can you book me a taxi as well?|Sure, what time would you like to leave and where from?
I want to leave the museum by 23:00.|Can you specify your destination?
I want to go from the Allenbell to the Cafe Jello Gallery. I want to leave the museum by 23:00.|Booking completed! The booked car type is a yellow skoda and your contact number	is 07590574334. Can I help you with anything else?
Nope, that should be all for today, thanks!|no problem. I have changed your booking. Your new taxi would be a black volkswagen and its contact number is 07276925880. Is that everything?
Thank you that's all i need!|You're welcome. Have a good time!
I am looking for some attractions in downtown Cambridge/|There are 44 attractions listed, do you have a specific interest?
What types of attractions are there?|Architecture, boats, cinema, colleges, concert halls, entertainment, museums, sports, nightclubs, parks, pools, and theatres. What part of town would you like to be in?
What about a museum in the centre of town?|Yes there are 11 museums in the centre.  There are art museums, science museums, archaeology.  All of them have free admission!
I'd also like a guesthouse with 0 stars.  I don't need wifi or parking but should be in same area as attraction.  Can you help with that?|El Shaddai is the perfect match for you. It is located at 41 warkworth street. Would you like to book a room?
Yes, that sounds great. Thank you.|Do you need anything else?
I need the hotel to be booked for 4 people for 5 nights starting on Wednesday.  Is this possible?|I have made those reservations and your reference number is IE05GDQS.
Great, thanks so much for all your help. Have a good day!|You, too. Thank you for calling and have a great day! Goodbye.
Can you help me find a train going to Cambridge?|I have many trains available.  What is your departure site?
I will be leaving from Birmingham New Street on Saturday.|Did you have a time in mind?
I'm looking to travel after 12:45|I have TR8390 leaving at 13 40shall i book it ?
Sure, that will work. No need to book, but can I please get the price of the ticket?|Yes the price is 60.08 pounds per ticket.
Thank you. Could you also let me know what whale of a time is and its entrance fee?|Whale of a time is an entertainment venue in the west. I don't have any information on the entrance fee, but their phone number is 01954781018.
Great that's all I needed today, thank you.|Alright, have a great day.
What is there to do in the centre of town?|There are 44 attractions. What type of attraction do you want to visit?
Possibly a theatre?|I have a listing for 4 in that area,can I recommend adc theatre?
Ok, what's the phone number for that place?|You can reach ADC at 01223300085.  Is there any other information I can get for you today?
What's the postcode?|The postcode is cb58as and the address is park street.  Enjoy your visit!
Thanks! I also need some help finding a hotel on the east side.|How about the express by holiday inn cambridge? It is on the east side & has parking and wifi.
What star is it ?|It is a 2 star. Would you like me to book it?
No, I'm not ready to book yet.  Thanks for all the help today, that's all I needed.  Good bye.|Let us know if we can help more.
I am looking for a place to dine in the south it needs to be cheap as well.|I have 2 different options that are cheap and in the south. The Lucky Star has great chinese food. Or, there is Nando's that offers wonderful portuguese food.
I'll go with Nando's. Thanks.|What day and time would you like a reservation and for how many people?
Please book for 6 people on Sunday at 13:15.|You are all booked. Your reference number is KADPMUCR. Is there anything else i can help you with?
yes, i am also looking for a cinema near the restaurant.|Cineworld Cinema is also in the South, close to the restaurant.
Great!  Can I get the adress?|The address is cambridge leisure park, clifton way. Can I do anything else today?
Yes, could you please book a taxi from the cinema to the restaurant, arriving by my reservation time. And give me the car type and contact number please|I have that booked for you in a grey honda and the contact number is 07797257618.
Thank you. My visit is all set. Thanks for the bookings. Goodbye.|You're welcome and enjoy your stay.
I'm looking for swimmingpool located in the east,any suggestions?|Yes, the Abbey Pool and Astroturf Pitch is a swimming pool on the east side. They're located on Pool Way and Whitehill Road off of NewMarket. Would you like more information?
Can you tell me the postcode and entrance fee?|The postcode is cb58nt. I am not sure of the entrance fee.
Is the fee not listed? I also will need to find a hotel, and I will need free parking please.|The entrance fee is not listed I am afraid for the pool.  For hotels, I have Autumn House and Leverton House for hotels, 4 stars and free parking.
Is one of them located in the east. I would really like to be closer to swimming pool.|The Autumn House appears to be closer, the address is 710 Newmarket Road. Does that work?
yeah, can i get the price range and the postcode|For a price range I have 'cheap'!
I think that will be all, bye.|Let me know if you need anything else.
I am looking for information on attractions in the west side of town.|Do you have any attraction type in mind?
Not really, but I do need a postcode.|You can visit the Cambridge and County Folk Museum, it is located at 2-3 castle street and the admission price is 3.50 pounds.
thanks! can you help me find a restaurant in that area? I want to spend a lot of money|What type of food are you interested in?
I'm open to suggestions.|I would suggest graffiti
Okay. Why type of food do they serve and I need the postcode then too please|Graffiti serves British food, and they're located in postcode cb30lx.
Great.  Thanks for your assistance!|You are welcome.  I forgot to get you the postcode for Cambridge County you asked for.  It is cb30aq.  Will that be all for today?
that is all the information I need today thank you.|You're welcome. Have a great day.
I would like info about the Cityroomz hotel please|It is a hotel in the centre of town in the moderate price range located at sleeperz hotel, station road.
Thanks, how many stars is it rated?|It had a star rating of 0.
I'm also interested in places to go. What kind of entertainment is there in the south?|There are a couple of parks, a cinema, museum, nightclub, and a theatre. Are you interested in any info about any of these?
Any of them would be fine, how about a cinema? Can you let me know the entrance fee, postcode and phone number for one?|Cineworld Cinema is located at Cambridge Leisure Park, Clifton Way cb17dy.  The phone number is 00872208000.  There is no admission fee currently, so you may want to call.
Great, thank you for your help.|Can I help you with anything else?
No, I'm fine now. Thanks again.|Thank you for using this service today.
I'm looking for an attraction in the centre.|There are so many to choose from. Any idea what kind of attraction you would like to visit?
Yes, I would like to go to a college with free admission.|There are 10 colleges in the centre with free admission. Would you like me to suggest one?
What is that college's postcode? I'm also hungry and want somewhere to eat.|Christ's college have a free entrance
Can you give me the postcode for Christ's College?|sure thing it is cb23bu, anything else today?
Yes, I'd like to find a cheap Chinese restaurant.|There are four options, charlie chan is in the centre near the college that you are visiting, shall I book you?
Yes please book it for monday at 11:15|How many will be at your table?
It will just be a table for one. Go ahead and book it|The reference # is 4ZBQs5GE. Need anything else?
I also need a taxi that will arrive by the booking time.|Booked car type	:	white ford
Contact number	:	07018249902
Great, that's all I need...thanks so much! Have a great day!|You are welcome.  Glad to be of assistance. Enjoy your stay in Cambridge.  Bye.
We are visiting cambridge for the first time and looking for a moderately priced place to stay for 5 nights that includes free parking. Any suggestions?|Most definitely! We have a wide-range of hotels that offer free wifi and parking. Do you prefer a particular a particular area in Cambridge?
I think I want somewhere in the east|We have two places to pick from, I recommend the warkworth house, shall I book you?
Sure I need rooms for 7 people|What day will you be coming in and how long will you be staying?
I want to start my stay on Sunday for 7 people, 4 nights.|Booking was successful.
Reference number is : 42Z3RMYG.
Can you recommend a tour of the college near the hotel?|There are no colleges in that area. Should I look in another area?
Why don't you search for a boat attraction instead please|Camboats is the one choice for boat attractions in the east. Can I do anything else today?
Could you give me the address and entrance fee?|Of course. My computer doesn't tell me what the entrance fee is. The address is The Plugh, Green End, Fen Ditton. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
That is it. Thank you so much for your help.|You are very welcome! Enjoy your visit!
I am looking for a restaurant called Saint Johns Chop House, can you help me find it?|Saint johns chop house is located on 21 - 24 Northampton Street. Would you like to book a table?
Yes. Would you be able to book Monday at 18:15 for a party of 3?|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Reference number is : 5CWN8I1X.
I'm also looking for places to go while I'm there, preferable something in the west.|There are 13 entries that match your criteria. What entrance fee are you looking to meet?
Any is fine, I'm not picky|Do you have a preference on whether  it is a college, museum, or entertainment?
How about a museum? And could you provide me with a postcode and phone number please?|Kettle's Yard is great. Their phone number is 01223748100. The postcode is cb30aq.
Thank you so much. That is all I need.|You're welcome, enjoy your stay!
Hi I am looking to go to a museum in town please.|We offer 23 museums. Any location preferences?
Not really. Can you just tell me your favorite and let me know how it will be for me to get in? Oh, and the postcode, for my GPS.|Sure. Cafe Jello Gallery is my personal favorite. The postcode is cb30af. It is free to get in.
Great, thank you!|You're welcome!  Glad to help.
I want a museum, please? Please include address, postcode, and area.|I suggest Byard art. The address, postcode, and area are 14 king's parade, cb21sj, and it is located in the south.
Great. Thanks for all your help. That's all I needed. Goodbye.|Happy to be of help, and I hope you enjoy the museum. Goodbye!
I'd like to know of interesting places to go situated in the centre of cambridge.|There's a ton of options in the centre.  What type of attraction are you interested in?
I would like to find an Indian food restaurant|Are you sure you're interested in a restaurant? I know you mentioned earlier you're looking for an attraction. Could you give me more specifics about what attraction you're searching for?
You're right, we should an attraction first.  I'm pretty open to anything as long as its located in the centre.|Well, I have 44 great thoughts at hand, from beautiful architecture to museums and boating. Let's narrow down your interests- what's your attraction budget?
I don't have one. how about you pick your favorite attraction and give me the entrance fee, type and phone number.|I really like old schools. It is in the centre and has a phone number of 01223332320
looking for a place to stay. The hotel should be in the type of hotel and should include free wifi.
The hotel should be in the cheap price range and should have a star of 4.|I would suggest the acorn guest house.
I really need a hotel and not a guest house are there any in the area?|How does the cambridge belfry sound? It's in the west part of town and you'd have access to free parking, too.
Sure, can I just get their phone number?|Sure, the number is 01954714600.
Thank you. I don't need anything else from you today. Bye, have a good one!|Thank you! Have a great day.
I am looking for a place to stay on my upcoming visit.  I can't wait to see some of your local tourist attractions.|Can you tell what area you will be staying in?
I am looking for a moderate priced 3 star hotel with free parking and free WiFi.|I have found one in the south, the north and the west.  Do you have a preference?  They are all very comparable.
Get me one in the West place|The Hobsons House meets your criteria. Is there anything else I can do for you?
Yes, can you reserve a room for me.  There are 7 of us and we want to stay for 4 nights arriving on Sunday.|Your reservation has been confirmed for 7 people staying 4 nights at the Hobsons House. Your reference number is KPO3GJ93. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, i am also looking for museums to visit in the centre of town.|There are lots to choose from in the centre.  Are you interested in art, archaelogy, antiques or history?
How about an art museum?|The Cambridge Art Museum is very popular and has no entrance fee.  Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Do you have their phone number and how much is the entrance fee?|cambridge contemporary art has free entrance. Their phone number is 01223324222. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Nope, that'll be all for today. Thanks so much for your assistance, you've been very helpful.|Great, have a terrific stay!
I am looking for information about the museum of archaeology and anthropology.|That museum is located over at University of Cambridge, downing street. It's free to visit.
Could you please provide me with the postcode.  Thank you!|The post code is cb23dz.
I also need a train, to cambridge, I want to arrive by 17:45.|There's a train that leaves at 13:17, want that one?
As long as it arrives in Cambridge by 17:45 and departs from Broxbourne that will work.|What day do you need the train?
I will travel Tuesday.|Is there a time you need to leave or arrive by?
I need to arrive at 17:45.|I have one arriving at 7:32 will this work for you?
Thats perfect. What is the price and travel time on this train?|It is 17.90 pounds and takes 60 minutes. Would you like me to book this for you?
No thanks, just gathering information, that is all I need.|Can I help you with anything else?
That is all I needed today.|Glad I could help come backk if you need anything else
I want to visit a restaurant that would be popular with college students and located near the center of town; can you make a recommendation?|What type of food would you be interested in?
Actually, I want to visit a college. Somewhere in the centre.|I would suggest downing college, would you like the address?
Yes, that would be great. Can you also give me the entrance fee and postcode for that college?|The address is regent street and there is no entry fee.
Thank you. Do you have the postcode, please?|The postcode for Downing College is cb21dq. Anything else I have help you with?
Yes, I need a place to eat in that area. I want Italian food.|I would suggest pizza express.
Can you check if they would have a table for 7 at 17:45 on Sunday?|Yes, they had a table available and I went ahead and booked it for you. Your reference number is HXSPEY9N. What else can I do for you?
I'll need a taxi to get me from downing college to pizza express by 17:45. can you set that up for me?|I can do that for you!  I have your taxi booked.  Anything else?
Would you know what type of car will pick me up? May I please have a contact number for the taxi?|Booked car type red volkswagen
 Contact number 07633256482
Thank you! That is all that I need.|Thank you for letting us assist you today! Enjoy your visit!
I am looking to visit a museum in Cambridge.|There are 23 museums in Cambridge, can you tell me an area you are wanting to visit the museum in?
How about in the centre of town? Whats available there?|I have many options. Are you perchance able to narrow it own by museum type
No, anything that you would recommend would be great.  I just need a phone number that I can call.|Broughton house gallery	looks good their number is 01223314960
Thank you. I'm also looking for a train from london kings cross to cambridge on wednesday to arrive by 8:15. Is there anything available then?|TR5725 departs at 05:17 and arrives at 06:08 so you will have plenty of time. Would you like me to book that for you?
That sounds great. Please book for 5 people.|I got you booked for 5 people then on TR5725. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No. thank you for making the train reservations|You're welcome have a great day!
Thank you, have a nice day as well.|You're quite welcome. Enjoy Cambridge!
I'm looking for a good place for entertainment in the centre. Any recommendations?|Unfortunately there are no places in the centre. Would you like to try another area?
Lets drop entertainment and look up one for the type of college.|There are 13 colleges in the centre. Do you have one in mind?
Any one would be fine, can I just get the address, phone number and postcode?|Christ's college, in the centre of town. Number is 01223334900. Address is post code, cb23bu, Saint Andrew's street. No fee to enter. Do you need anything else?
Find a train that departs from cambridge, leaving on thursday, please.|Sure, where are you going to?
I'm going to leicester and need to leave after 21:00.|There are three trains that leave Cambridge after 21:00, would you like me to book one for you?
Yes please book the train for me, and I will need the travel time as well.  Thank you for your help.|TR3470 leaves at 21:21 and arrives by 23:06, duration is 105 minutes. I will book it for you if you will tell me how many tickets you need.
No, that is ok. I appreciate all your help.|I hope you got all the information you need. Have a nice day. Good-Bye.
I was wondering if you can tell me more about the attraction called sheep's green and lammas land park fen causeway?|That's a nice free park in the south, the address is fen causeway, newnham road. Is there anything else you need help with?
What's their phone number?|Their phone number is: 01223302580.  Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, I'm also looking for a train to Cambridge that will leave sometime after 17:45.|And where will you be departing from?
I am leaving from Norwich on Wednesday evening.|The TR3342 leaves at 18:16. Would you like a booking?
How much are the tickets for one person?|17.60 pounds. Would you like me to book a ticket?
Can you book it for me and get a reference number ?|The booking was successful. Your total fee is 17.6 GBP and you can pay it at the station. Your reference number is VPMQDFKF.
Thanks for everything, you were helpful.|Is there anything else that I can help you with?
That was all thank you.|Okay great, have a good day!
I'd love to get some information on the holy trinity church|The Holy Trinity Church is architecture, in the Centre of town, on Market Street. Entrance is free. Do you want any more information?
Can you provide me with the hours of operation and the entrance fee?|I'm not sure on their hours, but it is free admission. Would you like their number?
Yes that will be fine.  I am also looking for a train leaving Cambridge on Friday.|Phone 01223355397. What is your destination on friday? Is there a specific departure and arrival time?
I'm looking for an attraction in the east.|There are several attractions available in the east. Is there a type of attraction you are looking for?
Hook me up with the spot you like best, just be sure to tell me what it is, where it is, and what it will cost me, yo.|I like the Cambridge artworks- it's a museum at 5 greens road and it has free admission.
That sounds, good, what is the postcode?|The postal code is cb13ef.  Would you like for me to get you tickets?
No that's all I needed with that. i also need a train leaving after 12:15 heading to kings lynn.|There are 77 trains, where will you be departing from and what time?
I need to depart from Cambridge and I need to leave after 12:15 to go to King's Lynn|Do you have a day in mind?
I would like to travel on Sunday. Can you tell me how much that will cost?|The first train after 12:15 on Sunday leaves at 13:11, and then there are trains every hour. Does the first one work or would you like a later one?
I'll take the first train at 13:11. Can I pay you over the phone with my debit card?|First I will need to know how many passengers will be traveling?
Just myself. What is the cost?|The cost is 7.84 pounds.
Thank you, that's all.|Ok, get back in touch if you need a booking.
I'm looking for something to do.|Found a place you might be interested in visiting The Cambridge University Botanic Garden
that is great. please get for me the entrance fee, address, and phone number.|The entrance fee is 4 pounds, the address is on Bateman street, and the phone number is 01223336265.
I need a place to stay too. Could you give me information on the alpha-milton guest house?|It is in the moderate price range with no internet or parking. Phone is 01223311625. Would you like a room booked?
Yes could you please book me there for 4 nights for 8 people starting Saturday? I will need a booking reference number as ell.|Ok your booking was successful. The reference number is T8E1KFUW. Can I assist you with anything else?
No, thank you. I think I have everything I need today. Goodbye.|It was a pleasure helping you today. Please reach out to us again, if we can be of further assistance. Good-bye.
Hello!  I need helping finding a train departing from cambridge.  Can you help me with this?|I sure can. Can you tell me what day you want to travel and where you are headed?
Yes, I need to get to Ely on Sunday for a 15:15 appointment.|I have a Tr5412 departing at 13:50 and arriving at 14:07. Would you like me to book it for you?
Yes book it and I need a reference number please|How many tickets would you like?
Book for one person only|I have you booked on the TR5412 departing Cambridge for Ely on Sunday at 13:50. Your reference is RYXMCEFX. Can I help you more today?
I also need to find an attraction in the east area.|There are 10 attractions in the area of east. cambridge artworks is a museum and the entrance fee is free.
Thank you for all your help. Good bye!|You are welcome.  Have a great day.  Bye.
cambridge has a college that is in the centre. I would like to know more|There are 13 colleges in the centre area of Cambridge. Did you have a particular one in mind?
No, but can you tell me the address for the best one to visit?|Sure, Christ's College is on saint andrew's street and the postcode is cb23bu.
Thanks. Could you also help me find a place to eat?|Sure! What kind of food do you want?
I would like gastropub food.|what about royal standard? it's lovely
Is that in the moderate price range?|It is in the expensive range. However, the cow pizza kitchen and bar is in the moderate range.
Sure, that works.  What is the area, postcode and phone number for the Cow Pizza Kitchen and Bar?|01223308871 is the number and the postcoade and address is cb23qf Corn Exchange Street
Thanks so much!|Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No that was all I needed. Thank you so much.|You're welcome, have a great day!
I am looking for concert halls.|The Man on the Moon is a fantastic concerthall located in the centre at 2 norfolk street, postcode cb12lf. I don't have an entrance fee available, but you could call 01223474144.
Great thank you for that information about it.|Excellent, can I help you with anything else today?
I also need information on arbury lodge guesthouse|It is a guesthouse in the moderate price range. Would you like me to book it for you?
Can I get the postcode of it?|Certainly. The post code is cb42je and their phone number is 01223364319. What else can I help you with?
That will be it, and thank you for helping me.|It was my pleasure. Have a wonderful afternoon. Goodbye.
can you find me a guest house that has free wifi in this town?|There are 23 guesthouses in town with free wifi. Do you have a price range?
How about one that has a 4 star rating and is expensive?|Unfortunately, there are no guesthouses that meet you needs. There are 2 hotels if you are interested.
What about something in the moderate price range, instead?|Yes I have many choices in that category. Would you like me to suggest something?
book a hotel for 8 people and 3 nights starting from saturday.|Please clarify if you want a guesthouse or a hotel. There are no hotels that match your needs but there are 11 guesthouses that do.
I want a guesthouse.|Would you like me to book you for avalon?
Yes, please book for 8 people for 3 nights, starting from Saturday.|You're all set to arrive on Saturday. Your Reference number is : 5D3TISUX.
great, thanks. i'm also looking for places to go in town.|Ok.  There are many great things to do in town.  Did you have something particular in mind?
I would like a place that is fun and serves drinks.|Sure! Would you rather a nightclub type of environment or more of a park or entertainment venue?
Actually, is there a swimming pool around?|which part of town should it be?
it should be in the south|I'm sorry, but there are no swimming pools in the south. Would you like to try a different area or attraction type?
what options are available|There are swimming pools in the east, north and centre of town. The south has cinema, entertainment, museum, nightclub, theatre and parks. Have a preference?
I would prefer the south please.|What type of attraction in the south? There are 8 results ranging from cinema, museums, nightclubs, parks.  Which would interest you?
If there are no swimming pools in the south, then I would consider a cinema in the south of town.|Cineworld Cinema is in the south. Would you like additional information?
Yes, may I please have their address and phone number.|Yes, their address is cambridge leisure park, clifton way and their phone number is 00872208000.
I also need a taxi to leave the hotel by 22:45. Please provide the contact number and car type.|What is your destination, and when do you want to arrive by?
I'll be going from the hotel to the cinema. I need to leave by 22:45.|I booked a grey skoda for you, contact number is 07059639997!
Thank you so much. That is all that I need at this time. Goodbye!|Thank you. Have a nice day.
Hello, can you recommend a cheap hotel with free parking, please?|Yes, I have found the Cambridge Belfry that is in the west part of town.  Can I book this hotel for you?
Do they have free wifi as well as parking?|Yes, it has free internet and parking.
Is this a guesthouse?|No, it's a hotel. Would you like to book your stay?
You know, the part of town doesn't so much matter, I'd really like to find a guesthouse with free wifi and parking.|the cambridge belfry is in the cheap prise range would you like a booking?
Yes please.|Great. How many people in your party, and what day will you be arriving?
There will be 8 of us for 2 nights starting saturday|I am having an issue booking your hotel room for you.
How about switching it to 8 people for 1 night?|I'm sorry that doesn't seem to be available. Would you like me to double check for a guesthouse?
Yes please try again.|Okay I was able to book you. Your booking was successful. Your Reference number is : 91SNR681.
Are there any fun places to go ?|Lots of exciting things include 13 in the west area, and type of place in mind?
I'm thinking a museum.|Can I recommend the cafe jello gallery.
That sounds fun! Could you tell me the phone number, area, and entrance fee for cafe jello gallery?|Entrance is free. The phone number is 01223312112, and the area is the west.
I think that's all I need for today. Thanks. Goodbye.|Have a great trip. Goodbye.
I'm wondering if there is a train leaving at 21:15 that will take me to the Stansted Airport.|thank you, though there are many choices there isn't a 21:15 so I guess I will take the 21:40 on Friday.
Is there a train leaving before that?|Unfortunately no. The earliest that day departs at 21:40.
Okay. Can you book that for me please?|Sure. how many will be traveling?
It's just me. Can I have the price, travel time, and train ID? Also, do you have any places I can go when I get there?|Price is 10.10 pounds, the travel time is 28 minutes, and the train ID is TR4067. I'm sorry, but I don't see any attractions at the Stansted Airport.
Okay, can you find attractions near the centre?|There are 44 attractions near the center of town. Is there a certain type you're looking for?
Could you suggest me one? Also let me know of what type of attraction it is and the place's postcode.|The Cambridge corn exchange is a theatre and the post code is cb23qe. Would you like any more information?
Thanks, I have all I need. Have a nice day.|No problem! Have a great day.
Wonderful help, thanks|Thank you, Enjoy the Cambridge Exchange!
Hello, can you recommend a 4-star hotel with free parking, please?|There are 19 four-star hotels with free parking in Cambridge. Do you have a price range or area of town in mind?
I would like a hotel in the north, please.|Kirkwood is a wonderful hotel in the north, would you like a reservation.
Not at this time. Thank you.|Okay thank you for calling.
I am though looking for places to go in the north as well.|Milton Country Park is beautiful this time of year. Or perhaps Riverboat Georgina? They are both in the north.
Milton Country Park sounds nice, can I get their phone number and entrance fee?|Their phone number is 01223420060 and the admission is free.
Thanks for the recommendations. The last thing is I need a taxi between the hotel and Milton Country Park. Can you help?|Sure thing. When would you like to arrive by?
I want to leave the hotel by 14:15|I booked you a grey volvo. Call them at 07307595781 if anything comes up. What else do you need today?
I actually am all set now! Thanks for being so helpful! Bye now!|I'm glad I could help, have a great time.
Hi can you suggest a good Indian restaurant in cambridge? Also I'd like some information on trinity college. Can you help me with that?|There are several Indian restaurants in Cambridge. What part of town would you like to eat in?
I don't want a restaurant, sorry. I am trying to get the phone number to trinity college, can you give it to me?|The phone number for Trinity College is 01223338400. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I'm also looking for a restaurant that serves Chinese food and is in the east part of town.|I do have one restaurant. It is called Yu Garden. They are expensive and located in the east. Would you like me to reserve a table?
What is the restaurant's phone number?|Yu Garden's phone number is 01223248882.  Is there anything else I can help you with?
I also need a taxi to take me between the two places.|I need to know when you would like to leave
I would like to leave by 17:15.|Booking completed!
Booked car type	:	white toyota
Contact number	:	07530268013
Can I help with anything else?
That is all I need. Thank you, good bye.|You are welcome, glad to be of assistance.  Have a nice stay in Cambridge.  Bye.
I will be traveling to Cambridge and I'm excited about seeing local tourist attractions.|Great!  There are many wonderful tourist attractions in Cambridge.  Is there a particular type of attraction you are looking for?
I would like to visit a museum.  What do you suggest?|There are 23 museums. Is there a part of town you are interested in?
Not in particular. Please recommend one and provide the area and entrance free.|The Byard Art museum is free and is in the South.
Thanks! I would also like to find an expensive hotel.|I have 5 hotels that meet those specifications. Do you have a area in town in mind?
The area is flexible. But I am looking for something with a 3-star rating that offers free wifi.|Gonville Hotel is a 3-star hotel that offers free wifi. It is located in the centre area. Would you like me to book that for you?
Sure. I need rooms for 7 people for three nights starting Thursday.|Your booking was successful. Your reference number is S56D4VON. Can I assist you further today?
I'd like a taxi please. It should pick me up at 15:30 from The Byard Art and drop me off at the hotel.|A blue Lexus will come to pick you up. Their number is 07670314554. What else do you need?
Thats it, thanks so much!|Glad to be of service.
I would like to know the location and types of museums that are in Cambridge, can you give me more information?|There are 23 museums in Cambridge. Is there a particular part of town you're looking for?
I do not have a preference on area.|Would you like a free entrance fee or paid?
It doesn't matter just pick a great one for me, and I'll need the postcode for the museum that you recommend for me.|Cambridge artworks is found in the East. Their postcode is cb13ef.
i also need a train on monday leaving from cambridge and arriving by 17:00.|There is a train leaving cambridge and going to kings lynn at 16:58 Monday will that train work for you?
No. I need to go catch a plane.|Would the train that arrives at 15:58 work better for you?
Yes, that would work.  Can I get a price and a departure time please?|It departs at 15:11, price is 9.80 per pound, the train ID is TR9468.
Thank you for your help!|you're very welcome. enjoy your visit.
I'd really like to visit Great Saint Mary's Church. Could you give me some information about it?|Sure, is there anything specific you'd like to know?
Can I get some information about visiting Great Saint Mary's Church?|This is found in the center of town. Their phone number is 01223350914 and their postcode is cb23pq.
What is the entrance fee for that attraction?|Admission to Great Saint Mary's Church is 2 pounds.
Thanks.  I am also looking for an expensive place to eat in the centre.|Sure, there are plenty of places in the area.  Did you have a particular type of cuisine in mind?
No, just expensive in the centre. Recommend one for me.|You should try dining at kymmoy, an asian oriental restaurant located at 52 Mill Road City Centre. Would you be interested in booking a table?
Definitely, Please book me for 7 people at 14:45 on wednesday.  I also would like the reference number.|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : XWZ8N8GF. Anything else I can do?
Thanks! That's all I needed.|You're welcome!  Have a wonderful day.
Can you help me find a place to go in the centre?|There are a lot of attractions in the centre is there a particular type you'd like to visit?
Any place would be great. If you could pick one and send me the phone number and postcode please.|Little Saint Mary's Church is in postcode cb21qy and their phone number is 01223366202. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I'm also looking for an expensive restaurant in the centre of town|We have a lot to choose from. Is there a certain type of food you are looking to try?
Yes, i would like to find a south african restaurant please.|I'm sorry. I'm not finding any results that meet your criteria. Would you like to try a different type of food or area?
Yes let's look for Chinese food instead.|Tang Chinese is a great place in the centre with an expensive price range. Would you like to make a reservation?
nah, i just need to phone number|Sure their phone number is 01223357187.
And their postcode as well.  Can you help me book a taxi between the Church and the restaurant?|Sure.  What time would you like the taxi for?
I would like to leave St Mary's Church by 12:30.|I have booked a taxi leaving the church at 12:30. The car is a grey Audi and the contact number is 07823100765.
I can't wait to ride in that car!|Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
No, that's all, thanks!|Have a good day.
Can you find me a train from Stansted Airport?|There are plenty of options.  Where will you be arriving and do you have a time preference?
I don't care when I arrive, but I need to leave after 10:00.|Not a problem. Any day in particular?
Yes. Wednesday please.|TR0467 leaves the airport at 10:24. Would you like tickets for that train?
Yes, for five please.|I have successfully make a booking for 5 on that train.
Can I have the reference number please?  I'm also looking for some places to go, maybe a college in the west.|Queen's college is an excellent choice.
Sounds great. Can I get their postcode please?|The postcode for Queen's College is cb39et. And the reference number for your train (booked earlier) is WMUC700A.
Perfect, thanks so much for your help.|Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
No that is everything. Have a good day.|Alright, thanks for contacting Cambridge TownInfo centre! Have a good day.
i'm looking for adc theatre|You will want to go to the centre part of Cambridge, it is on park street, postal code cb58as.  Can I help with anything else?
I'm looking for information on the adc theatre.  Can you get some information for me, including the attraction type?|ADC Theatre is a theatre in the center part of town. Their phone number is 01223300085. Can I help you with anything else?
Yes, I need information about the Gonville Hotel, please.|it is an expensive hotel in the centre with free wifi and parking. do you need their contact?
Well, I'd like to book a room for 5 people, beginning on Friday for 5 days. Can you help me with that?|Of course! I just booked the room for you for 5 days beginning on Friday. The reference number is 7WB751AK.  Is there anything else I can help you with?
Thank you very much, I think that that will be all!|Thank you for using Cambridge TownInfo centre!  Have a great rest of your day!
I'm hoping to find a french restaurant in Cambridge.|There are two. Both are expensive. One is in the north and one is in the centre. Do you have a preference?
How about the North?  Can I get a table there Thursday at 16:30 for 7?|I'm sorry, Restaurant Two Two doesn't have availability then. Would you like to try a different day or time?
Yes, would I be able to get a table there Thursday at 18:00 for 7?|I'm sorry 18:00 on Thursday is also unavailable.  Would you like to try a different day?
Well how about 15:30 then?|The booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Reference number is : OAEJMYOI.
I am also looking for an attraction to go to. Is there any in town?|We have nearly 80 different attractions in town. First off, is there a type of attraction you would prefer? Or an area of town to search in?
Please recommend something in the South.|How about a cinema or museum?  There's also The Place, which is a nightclub.  Or, The Junction, which is a theatre.  How about one of those?
Surprise me and pick one for me! Just make sure to let me know what kind of attraction it is.|How about a theater? Cineworld Cinema is showing all our the newest London films!
I'm not much of a movie man, but I'm sure the others wouldn't mind. That sounds fine.|Great, is there anything else you needed help with today?
No, that's all I need.  Thank you for your help!|Thank you for contacting Cambridge TownInfo centre. Goodbye!
I'm looking for a museum in the centre of town.|I will recommend Primavera museum. Their entrance fee  is free and you can reach them on 01223357708
What is their address?|The address is 10 King S Parade. do you need directions?
Just the postcode would help and I also will need a place to stay.|The postcode is cb21s.  Where in town were you looking to stay?
I would like to stay in the centre are there any expensive hotels?|University Arms Hotel, 4 star rating located on Regent Street. Phone number is 01223351241. Would you like a reservation?
No thank you I just wanted to get that information.|Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Does that hotel have free parking?|Yes it does. Do you need anything else?
Do they have free wifi?|Yes they do!
Thanks for the help. That's all I need for now.|Excellent. Enjoy your trip!
I would like to find a restaurant called Pipasha.|Pipasha is an expensive indian restaurant.  It is located in the east area of town.  Can I help you with more information or a reservation?
Yes please.  I need a table for 3 on Tuesday at 14:00.|Okay I have done that and your reference number is  WR87HHPJ.
I would also like to check out a concerthall.|Great!  The Man on the Moon is a concerthall in the centre at 2 Norfolk street.
Thanks. Can you also tell me their postcode?|The postcode is cb12lf. What else would you like assistance with today?
Do you happen to have their phone number also?|Yes, the phone number is 01223474144
I also need a taxi between them to get to the restaurant in time.|Ok, I have booked you a black skoda to get you to the restaurant in time.  You can contact them at 07461245991.  Can I help with anything else?
No thank you, that's it.|You are welcome, enjoy your stay in cambridge
Im looking for places to go in town that shows architecture in the centre part of town|How about little saint mary's church at little saint mary's lane?
Okay, that sounds neat! Is there an entrance fee?|The entrance fee is free. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, I am looking for a Chinese restaurant close by.|Wow, I have 10 different chinese restaurants in the centre of town. Let's try to narrow it down. Do you have a price range you would like to stay in?
To be honest, I don't care about the price range. Can you make a suggestion?|I would recommend Rice House in Centre. It is cheap but oh man their food is fantastic! They are at 88 Mill Road City Centre.  Can I help more?
Yes, I'll need a taxi between the two places as well.|Sure, what time and where would you like to be picked up?
I would like the taxi to leave the restaurant by 14:45.|Okay, no problem. I've booked you a white toyota to pick you up there, and the contact number is 07058618818. Anything else today?
Great that was all I needed for today, thank you!|You're welcome, and have a great day.
What theaters are in the Cambridge centre?|We have the cambridge arts theatre, the adc theatre, mumford theatre, the cambridge corn exhange, and the junction.
Ok, can I get the address and entrance fee for the Mumford Theatre?|The entrance fee is not listed would you like the phone number or address?
Yes please. I would like that very much and I also would like information on the Ugly Duckling restaurant.|Ugly duckling is an expensive chinese restaurant and very good too.  Address 12 St. Johns Street in city centre.  Would you like me to make reservations for you?
Hello, can you recommend any local restaurants?|There are many, many restaurants in town.  Is there a certain area of town in which you would be visiting?
Something in the north.|Do you have a price range preference?
No. I don't but I've heard Loch Fyne is good. Do you have information about this restaurant?|The Loch Fyne is an expensive seafood restaurant located in the centre. The address is, The Little Rose 37 Trumpington Street, phone number: 01223362433 and post code cb21qy.
Let's book it for 8 at 15:00 on thursday|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Reference number is : 6LB7GNEB.
Thank you so much!|Is there anything else I can help you with todoay?
I also need to book a taxi|Can you tell me where you would be departing from and where you are going so I can find a taxi service to serve you.
I am going to the Loch Fyne restaurant at The Little Rose 37 Trumpington Street|And where are you departing from?
I will be departing from christ's college|Where will you be heading to.
I will be heading to the restaurant.|Whoops, my mistake, I meant to ask when you'd be heading to the restaurant, not where. Do you know when you'd like the taxi?
it should be there at booked time|I have booked a taxi to pick you up at Christ's College and take you to the Loch Fyne by 15:00. Is there anything I can help you with.
Yes, I'll need the car type and contact number for the taxi, please?|I will look that up for your now.
yeah ok do that please|It's a red ford. The contact number is 07540853232. Sorry that I did not provide that when I booked your reservation.
Thank you that is all I need today.|Thank you for using our services. Have we met all of your needs?
Yes. Thank you. Goodbye|Have a great day.
I'm looking for info about riveboat georgina|It is in the North area, the address is Cambridge Passenger Cruisers, Jubilee House. Phone number is 01223902091
That's all I needed thanks.|Thank you and have a great day!
Actually, can you help me find a restaurant? An expensive one in the West.|Certainly.  I recommend Tandoori Palace.  They serve expensive Indian food in the west.  Were you looking for reservations?
No that doesn't sound good, I need one that serves north african food.|There are none that serve north african food
Can you search for one that has british food then?|There are two british places, graffiti and travellers rest, do you have a preference?
I will take Graffiti. Can you make a reservation for Tuesday for 8 people at 14:30 please?|That time is unavailable.  Please choose another time?
I'm looking for a Mediterranean restaurant near the centre of town.|I've got three that fit that bill... the gardenia, la mimosa, and shiraz.  Do you have a preference?
Is one of them in the cheap price range?|Yes, The Gardenia.
Great, could I book a table of 5 for 11:30 on wednesday? If so, please provide me with a reference number.|Yeah. The reference number is CVWAKCN2
Thank you!  Is there any entertainment in the same area as the restaurant?|I am sorry. There does not seem to be any matching your choices. Would you like to try another area or attraction?
Yes. Can you please search for an attraction in the type of college?|Is an entrance fee okay? If so, the corpus christi college located at king's parade. Fee is 2 pounds. Would you like the phone number?
I don't mind an entrance fee. Could you actually give me the postcode for that college?|Corpus christi is located at king's parade, postcode cb21rh.  Would you like any further information?
Yes, I'd like to book a taxi to go from the attraction to the restaurant.|I'd be happy to find you a taxi, but first I will need to know what time you'd like to leave corpus christi.
I would like to leave Corpus Christi College in enough time to arrive at the restaurant at the booked time of 11:30.|I have booked you a taxi that will get you to the restaurant by 11:30. Their phone number is 07469156027. Is there anything else I can help you with?
What is the car's contact number and type?|Your taxi is a Black Audi and their contact number is 07469156027. Is there anything else I can help you with?
That's everything, thank you!|Great! I'm glad I could be of assistance to you. Thank you for using our service.
I'm looking for the Huntingdon Marriott Hotel.|The Huntingdon Marriott Hotel is on Kingfisher Way near the Hinchinbrook Business Park. Would you like me to make a reservation?
Yes for one guest, for  nights starting with Tuesday.|I'm sorry, but I'm not sure how many nights you want to stay. Did you mean to say four nights?
No sorry I meant 2 nights.|Ok I've booked that for you with reference number SDMC5SZK.  Is there anything else I can help with?
Yes, I'm looking for a museum near the centre.|There are several, may I suggest Castle Galleries. And there is no entrance fee. Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
Can you give me the phone number please?|Their phone number is 01223307402. Can I help you with anything else?
I'd like a taxi from the hotel to the museum. I want to leave the hotel by  19:00. Book it please and give me the contact number and car type|A grey skoda will pick you up at the hotel by 19:00 to take you to the Castle Galleries. Your contact number is 07375156908. Will there be anything else today?
:
07375156908
No, that will be all. Thank you very much for your help.|Enjoy your visit! Let us know if we can be of any further assistance.
I'm looking for a Polish restaurant in the centre of town.|Regretfully, there isn't one. Would another cuisine do?
Hmmm, I do need something cheap.  Are you sure there are no Polish places?  My friend told me there was a good one.|I'm sorry, I'm still not finding anything. Do you want to try a different area?
Well, let's try the asian oriental food instead.|I show two in the centre, dojo noodle bar and j restaurant in the cheap price range. Would you like a reservation for one of them?
I need a table for 6 people at 11:30 on Saturday, please.|Did you have a preference between the two restaurants?
Let's do the Dojo Noodle Bar.|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : IGF0ULSP.
Great. I also need to find some places to go to around the same area. Can you help me with that?|I can. What sort of place are you looking for?
I was hoping you could make some suggestions.|My suggestions are Little saint mary's church which is known for its architecture; cambridge contemporary art museum, and the soul tree nightclub.
can i get the address for Little saint mary's church?|Yes the address is little saint mary's lane.
Ok.  Thanks.  All set.|It was a pleasure to assist you. Have a good day. Goodbye.
I would like to find a place to stay with free parking in the expensive price range.|You have a preference for the location? I have two expensive hotels in the center of town.
I do not have a preference in location.|I have five places. What more may I help you with about them?
Are any of them three stars and including wifi?|Yes there are two options would you like the info?
Can you make a suggestion and make reservations for 1 person for 3 nights starting from saturday?|I recommend the gonville hotel in the centre and will be more than happy to make you a reservation there
Can you please make the reservation?|I  have booked your reservation, the reference number is XYGXD4I0. Is there anything else?
I am also looking to visit a museum in the centre of town. Any recommendations?|Sure. The Cambridge Contemporary Art museum is a really good one and it is located in the center of town.
That sounds perfect! Could you give me the phone number and postcode?|Of course the number is 01223324222 and the post code is cb21su.
Thank you, I also need a taxi. I want to leave gonville hotel by 19:45 and go to the cambridge contemporary art museum.|A Black Volkswagen has been successfully booked and scheduled to pick you up at the gonville hotel by 19:45 and take you to the cambridge contemporary art museum
Can I get a contact number for the taxi?|The contact number is 07161683700.  Is there anything else I can help you with?
That is all I need thank you for your time.|It was my pleasure. Have a good evening.
I'd like some places to go.  Some sort of entertainment.|There are 5 places all in the east, south, and west. Which of those areas would you prefer?
I prefer the centre area.  What do you have for places to go?  Type of college maybe?|There are 13 colleges in the centre area. Many of them are free - I would suggest King's College or Trinity College.
On second thought, I'd rather go to a entertainment spot. Got any of those?|I apologize but in that area, there are no entertainment spots.  That is mainly the church area. Perhaps I can look in a different section of the city for you.
Ok, I'd like to stay in the city centre.  I guess a college will do.  Can you give me the postcode for one that you would recommend?|The postcode of corpus christi is cb21rh.
I also need to find a train leaving Cambridge on Friday and arriving in Peterborough.|There are quite a few trips available. What time do you want to arrive in Peterborough?
I'm not picky on when I want to arrive I just want to leave after 12:45.|There are many options leaving after 12:45. The earliest departure after `12:45 is 13:06, arriving by 13:56. Would you like to book that option?
Yes, book it for seven people. I'll need a reference number.|The tickets are booked and the price is 115.5 GBP which you will pay at the station. Reference number is 9YGZEA87. Can I help you with anything else?
No thanks. You have been very helpful. Goodbye.|You are quite welcome! Have a good day!
I so excited to see some of your great attractions! Can you suggest a college in the centre? Also I need a train schedule from airport to Cambridge on Saturday.|Let's start with your college request. We have 13 in the centre of town. Wht features are you interested? Maybe, we can narrow your search.
If you could recommend one that would be great! Can you send me the address, entrance fee, and phone number?|Sure, were you looking for a free one or one with an entrance fee?
Thank you, I'm looking for one with an entrance fee.|Corpus Cristi charges 2 pounds,do you want their phone number ?
Yes and their address please.|The address is King's Parade and the phone number is 01223338000.
Thanks. Can you also help me find a moderately priced guesthouse in the west with free parking?|Sure, I have one possible option here. It is hobsons house. Would you like a reservation?
Yes. Please book for 4 people, from sunday, for 2 nights. And tell me the refernce number|Booking was successful, the reference number is RBKY459T., any further questions today?
Yes, I need a taxi to take me to the Hobson's House.|Where will you be departing from?
I will need to depart from Corpus Cristi by 04:45 to go to Hobson's house.  I will need to know the contact number and car type please.|Your contact number is 07902709327 and the car type is a black Toyota. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I'm looking for a place to stay.|What price range and in what area would you like to stay?
I would like a cheap 3 star hotel with free parking.|I don't have anything matching that criteria. Anything else I could help you with?
How about in the expensive price range?|Yes, I have a couple options for you. One in the centre and one in the south.
Do they have internet?|Gonville Hotel is a nice place and has internet, would you like m e to book it for you?
Can I please get a train ticket from Norwich to Cambridge?|We have many trains available but to help find the right one could you provide me with what day you will be departing and your departure time and arrival?
I will be leaving after 15:15 on Tuesday.|TR4180 leaves at 15:16. Does that work for you?
Perfect, can I get 8 tickets?|Booking was successful, the total fee is 140.8 GBP payable at the station .
Reference number is : CO0GWJCJ. Can I help you with anything else today?
i am also looking for places to go in town. The attraction should be in the type of park.|We have a lot of excellent options. Is there a particular area you'd like to visit?
Yes, I would like to visit a park.|There are parks in the centre, east, north and south.  Could you please let me know which area you prefer?
The area doesn't matter, can you recommend one?|There is the Cherry Hinton Water Play park in the east. It's free to get into.
Can I get the phone number and the postcode?|Sure, the phone number is 01223446011 and the postcode is cb18dw. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, I would like to find a park to go to.  I will need the phone number and postcode.  Also, what is the entrance fee for this?  Thanks!|It is free admission.
Okay, that's all I need, thank you so much!|Have a nice day, goodbye.
I am looking for a place to stay. The hotel should be in the type of guesthouse and should be in the cheap price range|There are 9 cheap guesthouses in Cambridge.  To help narrow it down, is there a part of town you prefer?
Not really. I'd like a 4 star guesthouse, though, is that possible?|There are seven that fit. Might I suggest the alexander bed and breakfast?
I think I have heard of that.  Can you just get me an address?|Absolutely! The Alexander Bed and Breakfast is located at 56 Saint Barnabas Road. Would you like me to book your stay?
No. I do need some options for Entertainment sort of attractions. In the centre of town.|I have many ideas such as architecture, museums, theaters etc. Do you have a preference?
Museums or theaters, thank you.|I recommend the Broughton House Gallery. Would you like more information?
Actually, what colleges do you recommend?|Downing College looks nice, do you need to know anything else?
Could you give me the phone number and address for Downing College please?|The phone number is 01223334860. The address is regent street, post code cb21dq. May I help with anything else?
No, that will be all, thanks.|Thank you for contacting us and have a nice day.
i am looking for a place to stay. The hotel should be in the expensive price range and should have a star of 4.|how about huntingdon marriott hotel? i hear it's lovely.
Is that a guesthouse?|No it is a hotel, would you like a reservation?
No, I really need a guesthouse. How about if we search for a cheap one instead?|Nothing is available, should I try a search for less than 4 stars?
look for a cheap one.|There are 7 in that price range is there an area you prefer?
No can you recommend one and book for wednesday?|I've booked Rosa's bed and breakfast for 1 night, it's cheap located at 53 roseford road, 4 stars with internet and parking. Reference number HJP6P9IK. Will you need anything else today?
Yes please, I need the address and phone number for sidney sussex college please.|Yes their address is Saint Johns Street and their telephone number is 01223338800.
That is all I need to know. Thank you so much.|Is there anything else I can help you with ?
As mentioned before I am all set, have a great day and goodbye.|Thank you good bye.
I am looking for colleges in town.  Any suggestions?|What area of town would you like to be in?
I have no preference.|I have several. Are there any other criteria you are needing it to fit into?
None, what you recommend, I will go with.|christs college is a nice attraction,do you want the phone number ?
Yes, may I also know the area it is located in and the postcode?|Christ's College is in the centre of town.  The postcode is cb23bu. Can I help you any further?
I also want to find an expensive 3 star lodging, with free wifi and in the type of hotel.|Ok.  There are two hotel that meet that criteria.  One is in the centre and one is in the south.  Do you have a preference?
It doesn't matter, I'd just for sure like free wifi and a 3 star rating. I'll just need the phone number.|The Gonville Hotel is in the centre and meets your criteria.  The phone number is 01223366611.  Is there anything else I can help you with?
Great, thanks! That's all I needed.|I'm happy to be of service, and I hope you enjoy your time in Cambridge!
i am looking for places to go in town. The attraction should be in the west and should be in the type of swimming pool.|I'm sorry, there isn't a swimmingpool on the westside. Would you like to try a different part of town?
How about somewhere else I can swim in town?|There are four options available. Two in the north, one in the east, and one in centre. Which would you like more information about?
No thanks. How about entertainment in the west?|whale of a time is an entertainent spot in the west. Their address is unit 8, viking way, bar hill
The title sells itself, can I get the entrance fee please?|Unfortunately, the venue hasn't provided information on their entrance fee. Would you like me to check another venue?
Yes, and please provide an entrance fee.|There is no entrance fees listed for this type of entertainment.  Whale of a Time has a phone number you could call for the fee?  01954781018
Well, I'm also looking for info on a hotel I heard about. It's called limehouse.|Yes Limehouse is located in the north. The address is 78-80 milton road.
What type of hotel is it and do they have free parking and internet? I also need a taxi to leave the hotel by 10:15. Contact and car type please.|It is a guesthouse with free parking and internet. Where is your destination?
I would like to go from the Lime house to the swimming pool.|Would you like me to make the reservation?
Yes, please also give me its contact number and the car type.|Booking completed!
Booked car type	:	grey honda
Contact number	:	07844769694
thanks that's all i need|You're welcome, have a great day!
I need a restaurant in the south that is moderately priced.|I see both an Italian and a Modern European restaurant in that area in your price range. Which would you prefer?
any will be fine with me. book a table for 8 at 15:15 on monday|You have a reservation at Restaurant Alimentum. Your reference number is JBVUMN45.
I would like to find some entertainment in the same area as well.|Is there a specific type of attraction you are looking for?
I am looking for something entertaining please.|There are two entertainments: nusha and tenpin. Do you want more information about either one?
Can you please recommend one and give me their address and entrance fee?|Tenpin is located at cambridge leisure park, clifton way. The entrance fee is unlisted.
Is there another one that tells you how much it is?|I'm sorry I can't find any price listings. Can I help you find something else?
I need an address for the cambridge leisure park.|The address for Tenpin is cambridge leisure park, clifton way in postcode cb17dy. Is there anything else I can do for you today?
That will be all. Thank you so much.|Your welcome. Have a lovely stay!
Hi I'm looking for a train departing from Cambridge that leaves after 17:15.|What is your destination?
I will be going to bishops stortford.|I would recommend TR1567 which leaves Cambridge at 17:29 and arrives at Bishops Stortford at 18:07.
No, can you find another one please?|The next one after that departs two hours later. Would you like to reserve a seat on either train?
Yes, either train would be fine.|I have booked your seat on the TR1567. Total fee is 10.1 GBP payable at the station. Reference number isCWX49ENL
Thank you. Could you also recommend a college in the Centre to visit and provide the post code?|Christ's College would be great, their postcode is cb23bu. Is that all you need?
thank you that will be all good bye|Have a nice day!
Please find a place that serves Indian food.|Sure, is there a price range you would like to stay in?
In the moderate range, please|Is there a specific area you would like to dine in?
No, I don't have a preference. Any you pick will be fine. I need to book on Sunday at 14:00 for 4 people, please?|Your reservation at rajmahal was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Reference number is : XYIQ88JZ.
Thank you! Can you also tell me about Whipple Museum of the History of Science, please?|The Whipple Museum of the History of Science is in the centre of town on free school lane. Admission is free.
cool, could you also give me the postcode?|The postcode for whipple museum of the history of science is cb23rh. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I also need a taxi.|Where would you like to go with the taxi?
From the museum to the restaurant.|A black Honda will pick you up and get to you to the Rajmahal in time for that reservation. The contact number is 07608033696.
That will be all. Thank you.|You're very welcome! Bye!
Hi, I am traveling to Cambridge and am excited to see some local tourist attractions.  I really need help with a restaurant though.|We have more than 100 restaurants all over town. May I ask if you have a certain price range you prefer to stay within?
Yes, I in am interested in an expensive restaurant. Thanks!|Is there a certain area you would like?
Are there any restaurants serving South African cuisine?|I have no south african restaurants i the expensive range. Would you like to try another type or price range?
How about something serving British food?|I have 6 different places that serve British food. They are spread out throughout town. Did you have an area you prefer?
In the west area.|Graffiti is a great restaurant in the west area.  Would you like me to make reservations for you?
Can you book it for me and get a reference number ?|What day do you wish to dine, at what time and how many people will there be?
Just one person, no specific day and time. I'm also looking for a place to go in town in the same area of the restaurant.|Unfortunately I cannot book the restaurant for you without a day and time. Can you provide that for me please?
How about Tuesday at 7:30?|Your reference number is 73H253CP. They will hold the table for 15-minutes. How else may I help you?
Yes I need an attraction in the same area.|There are over a dozen different attractions in the west; do you have a particular type of activity in mind?
Can you please recommend one and provide me their phone number?|There are many colleges and museums but I think you will really enjoy the entertainment called whale of a time. Would you like more information?
Yes, can I please get the phone number?|Yes, the phone number is 01954781018.  Can I help with any other information today?
Thank you. I am looking for a taxi to commute between the two places.|Where would you like to be picked up?
I would like to commute between Graffiti and Whale of a time.  I will be heading to the attraction after eating.|What time would you like to leave?
I want to leave the attraction by 7:15.|Can you book it for me and get a reference number ?
I'm looking for an attraction in the category of college in the center of town|Ok, there are 13 to choose from. Some have entrance fees.
I would prefer a college in town centre. I'll need the phone and address also.|Sure thing, Downing college is located at regent street and phone is 01223334860 anything else I can assist with?
I am also looking for a place to stay in the centre.|What price range you would like?
Moderate range please.|I have the cityroomz hotel in the center. Would you like me to make a booking for you?
yes book for 4 people and 5 nights from sunday|Booking was successful.
Reference number is : 7RA903FR. Can I help with anything else today?
No that will be it thank you for your help.|I hope you have a great stay.  Goodbye.
I'm looking for an attraction in the centre of town.|We have many...architecture, colleges, museums, theaters. Any type in particular you would like to find?
There is no particular one that I have in mind. Can you give me the information for one? I would like postcode and to know what kind of attraction it is.|Yes, there are several, but I particularly enjoy the Castle Galleries Museum.  The postcode is cb23bj.  Can I help you with anything else?
I need a place to stay that is a guesthouse in the moderate price range|There are 15 moderately priced guesthouses in Cambridge. Is there an area of town that you prefer?
I would like for it to be in the centre area as well. It doesn't have to have free parking.|I'm sorry there are no guesthouses that match your request. Would you like to change your price range to expensive or cheap instead?
How about a moderately priced hotel in the area?|The cityroomz hotel is moderately priced and in centre. Would you like to book a room here?
Yes, let's book it for 8 people 2 nights starting Sunday. May I have a reference number?|Sure, you're booked at Cityroomz with reference number 58U5UC51. May I help with anything else?
Yes, could i get a contact number and vehicle type?|If you need to book a taxi, please let me know your departure and arrival sites and the time you need the taxi.
I do need a taxi between the two places. I'd like to leave Castle Galleries Museum by 9:30.|the car type is a blue tesla and 07103379311 is the contact number
Perfect, that is all that I needed.  Thank you for all of your help!|Thank you for allowing me to assist you with your Cambridge adventures.  Please let us know if there's anything we can assist you with in the future.
Thank you, bye bye now.|Thank you for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Goodbye!
I am looking for places to on the south side of town.|Alright. What type of places? Cambridge has a wide array of things to do and places to go such as, museum's, nightclubs, parks and restaurants.
I would like to visit a park. Could you find one and give me the address and postcode?|Sheep's Green and Lammas Land Park Fen Causeway is located at Fen Causeway, Newnham road, postal code cb322ad.
Thanks! I'm also looking for a train from Cambridge to Kings Lynn.|Do you have a day you would like to travel?
I would like to leave on Saturday after 18:45.|The earliest train is TR7604. It arrives at 19:58. Would you like me to book a ticket?
Yes, please book 1 ticket. May I have the reference number?|I have booked your train. The reference number is JI5O0VTT. The fee is 7.84 GBP payable at the station.
That's all I need. Thank your for your help.|I'm happy I was able to help you today. Call the Cambridge TownInfo centre whenever you like!
I'll be sure to so that, bye.|Thank you for using our system.
Hi there. I'm on a really tight budget but need to find me a cheap room to stay.|We have several cheap htels and guesthouses available. Do you have a particular location in mind?
Not really. It does need to be a hotel and parking isn't really an issue with us.|I have one in the cheap range, shall I book it?
Does it have a star of 0. That is very important to me?|Unfortunately, it's 4 stars.  Would you like to try a different hotel type?
What about one that is in the moderate price range?|I found 3 hotels, do you have a preference for the area of centre or north?
No area preference. Any of them are fine. Can you book one for me starting Thursday?|Yes, of course. For how many nights and how many people?
There will be three people and we need it for 3 nights. Can I get the reference number for that once it is booked?|I've booked you at the Ashley Hotel, and your reference number is 9ZKDNRMV.
i also want to book a taxi leaving the hotel by 20.15.get contact number and car type|Where will you be taking the taxi to?
I'm sorry I did not mention I am looking for an entertainment attraction in the South of town.|I can help you find something!  How about Nusha or Tenpin?  They are in the south and are entertainment facilities.
What type of entertainment are they?  Can you give me phone numbers, please?|They are parks. Phone number for Nusha is 01223902158 and for Tenpin is 08715501010.
I'd also like a taxi to go between the two, and I'd like to leave the hotel by 20:15 if possible.|I'm sorry, which park would you like to go to?
I think Tenpin should work nicely, thanks.|I was able to book that taxi for you. Be looking for a red Lexus. If you need to reach them, please contact 07275581182. Anything else I can help with?
Wonderful! Nope, that's it. Thanks so much for all of your help!|You're welcome! Have a great day in Cambridge!
Where can I go that is located in the west in town?|What type of attraction or places are of interest for you?
Churches could be interesting|I do not see any churches in our system in that area. Do you have another attraction type that you would like to see?
Anything in the west will do. What's your favorite?|I'm so sorry, there must have been an error in our system. Clare Hall is a church in the west and is free to visit.
Thanks for the correction. Can you please get me their phone number?|their phone number is 01223332360
Thank you! I'm also looking for an African restaurant, near Clare Hall. Can you help out with that?|I'm sorry, we don't have an African restaurants near Clare Hall.
Okay, how about one that serves Indian food?|We have 6 options. Do you prefer expensive or moderate pricerange?
I want expensive please.|I have 5 options. I'd recommend cocum or india house. Does one of those sound good?
My sister loves India House. That sounds great. Can you book a table for 8 at 12:30 on Saturday, please?|I am not able to make that booking. Is there something else I can help you with?
Do they have anything available at 11:30?|I was able to book a table for 8 at 11:30 Saturday at India House. Your reference number is 157YLNUA. Is there anything else I can help you with?
That's all for now. Thank you|Thank you and enjoy your stay in Cambridge!
I would like to find something to do in the west part of the city.|If you like museums, you can check out the Cambridge and County Folk Museum on 2-3 Castle Street or Kettle's Yard also on castle street
That sounds great.  Can you find the address and phone number for me?|The Cambridge and County Folk Museum's number is 01223355159, and the address is 2-3 Castle Street.
Thank you. Are there any trains leaving Stevenage on Friday?|Yes, the train runs every two hours from morning until late night. Would you like me to book a seat?
Yes, on any one that leaves anytime after 19:15|The earliest train after your specified time is TR4969 that departs at 19:54. If this is acceptable, shall I book just 1 seat?
Yes please just 1 seat.|Your reference number is 688IIT9D. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No, thank you. Goodbye|Alright have a great evening!
I am looking for something to do later in the centre of town.|Was there anything you were specifically interested in? For example there are museums and nightclubs.
I would like to go to a college in the centre of town.|Do you have a specific one in mind?
No, any one will be find.  Will you pick one for me and send me the address information and phone number?|Emmanuel Colleges number is 01223334200, and it is located on Saint Andrew's Street. Do you have any other questions?
Thank you, that is all.|Great.  Thanks for letting us assist you today!
Sorry, actually I need an expensive restaurant as well.|Okay what type of food would you like to eat and in what area please?
I want to try european food wherever it may be.|There are five expensive european restaurants in Cambridge. I suggest eraina, which is also in the centre.
thanks that is all i needed for today|You're welcome! Have a great time!
I need to take a train here on Friday, I will be coming from Leicester.|Train TR3190 Leicester to Cambridge leaves Friday at 6:09. Would you like me to book it for you?
Is there one that leaves after 10:00?|Yes, the TR8659 leaves at 10:09.
THanks, please book it for 8 people. I'll need to reference number|Booking was successful, the total fee is 302.39 GBP payable at the station .
Reference number is : IOJTYL4C. Can I help you with anything else?
i am also looking for places to go in town. The attraction should be in the centre.|What are you interested in? There's architecture, colleges, cinemas, etc.
It doesn't really matter, as long as it is in the centre. I will just need the address, postcode, and phone number.|May I recommend the primavera museum in the centre of town located at 10 king s parade in post code cb21sj. Their phone number is 01223357708
That's perfect! Thank you for your help!|Of course.  No problem.  Can we help you with anything else?
No, that is all for today. Thank you for your help. Goodbye|Thank you for using our service today.
I need a train to cambridge that will get me there by 20:30.|Alright, where will you be departing from?
The train should depart from bishops stortford and leave on Thursday.|Ok perfect!  I have TR0060 which will arrive by 20:07.  Would you like me to book this for you?
No, that won't be necessary. I do need the departure time, and travel time though.|TR0060 will depart Bishops Stortford at 19:29, and it will take 38 minutes for your trip. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Actually, yes. Can you help me locate a college to visit?|Churchill college is in the west part of town.
Can you give me their phone number please?|Yes, their number is 01223336233. Is that all for you today?
That's everything thanks.|You are very welcome! I hope you have a fantastic time and enjoy your day!
Greetings, are there are any trains leaving bishops stortford.|there are many. Where would you like to travel to?
I would like to leave on thursday to cambridge.|I have 10 trains leaving Bishops Stortford for Cambridge on Thursday. What time would you like to depart?
I need to leave after 16:30.|Train 0277 leaves at 17:29 and arrives at 18:07.  Would you like me to book you a ticket?
Yes make a booking for 8 people and give reference number.  Can you suggest places to go like museums in Cambridge?|Booking was successful, the total fee is 80.8 GBP payable at the station .
Reference number is : 3AWBI59X.
Great. Thanks.  I'm also looking for a museum to check out.  Can you help me with that?|Cambridge has 23 museums. What area of town would you like to go to one in?
Can you find one in the south please?|Certainly, the Byard Art is a museum in the south part of town. Their address is 14 king's parade. Would that work for you?
Can you tell em the postcode as well please?|It's cb21sj. Anything else you need assistance with?
That is all for today, you were very helpful.|Thank you so much! You have a wonderful day! Bye!
I'm looking for a place to go in Cambridge.  Are there any good museums nearby?|I'm not showing any museums in that area.  Can I lookup another area for you?
what other places are there to go|Actually there are several museums available.  What part of town would you like- North, South, East, West, or Centre?
I will take the North part of town please. And can you give me the phone number for the museum there?|Sorry, I did not find a musuem in the north part of town. Want me to try another part?
Yes, I don't really need any specific area. Can you go ahead and find a museum in another part of town?|I think you may like Cambridge Artworks in the east.  It is located on 5 greens road.
Perfect. Can I get a phone number to Cambridge Artworks?|Yes, their phone number is 01223902168.
Thank you. Can you also help me find a place to stay. I would like a 3 star guesthouse with wifi and don't really care about parking.|There are several 3 star hotels. what area would you like it
I'm looking for da vinci pizzeria.|Sure thing! They are a great italian restaurant that is located in the north. Their prices are rather cheap. Would you like more information on them?
Could you just book a table for me? I would like it to be on Monday at 17:30 for 3 people please.|It's reserved for you and your reference number is LNK5JA4Y. Anything else I can do for you?
I am also looking for a place to go in the centre I would like to see architecture.|There are 4 churches and 1 old schools known for their architecture. All are free except for great saint mary's church which charges 2 pounds. Would you like more information?
Thank you, you have answered all my questions, have a nice day.|It has been a pleasure. Thanks for using our service. Good day sir.
You're welcome. You have a great day as well.|be free to use our services anytime
I will need to take a train here from london kings cross, I will need ot get here by 19:45.|And what day do you want to travel?
I would like to leave Wednesday please.|Train TR5725 would work for you, would you like me to book you passage?
Please, I'll need 6 tickets.|OK, you have 6 seats reserved on TR5725, ref# J7XP2Z15. Get to bed early - that's a 05:16 departure! Can I help with anything else today?
Yes you can! I'm also looking for information about a place called Cineworld Cinema. Do you have any details about it?|It is a great cinema in the south part of town. They are located at Cambridge Leisure Park, Clifton Way. Their postcode is cb17dy. Their phone number is 00872208000.
Thank you that was all I needed.|Do you need me to book or look up info about anything else?
That was all for today, thank you.|Have a great day!
I'm looking for a place to stay, can you help me out?|There are a total of 33 guesthouses and hotels in Cambridge. What is your price range?
Price doesn't matter to me, but I'm looking for something in the east part of town.|There are seven hotels that are in the east part of town.  Do you need parking?
I don't need parking.|I would recommend the A and B Guest House.
Please book that for 6 people staying 3 nights from Monday.|Booking was successful.Reference number is : GQ8MEF1L
Thank you. I am also looking for museums to visit on the west side of town.|I have 7 museums in that area. Some have entrance fees and others are free. Do you have a preference?
No, not really, thanks. Anything is fine.|The Cafe Jello Gallery meets your criteria. Would you like their information?
Sure, please tell me the address, phone number, and postcode.|The address is cafe jello gallery, 13 magdalene street, postcode cb30af and the phone number is 01223312112.
Great! Thank you so much for your help.|Is there anything else I can help you with today?
That's all I needed thank you!|You're welcome and enjoy your visit.
I'm looking for an attraction called Christ's college.|Christ's College is located on Saint Andrew's Street in the centre area of the city.  Would you like the phone number?
What is the attraction type?|It is a college attraction.  Is there anything else you need to know?
I need a restaurant that serves scandinavian food please.|I'm sorry, there are not Scandinavian places in Cambridge.
how about turkish food?|There are 3 turkish restaurants in the centre. Do you have a price range in mind?
I'd like to impress my colleagues, so something expensive please.|I'd recommend Meze Bar Restaurant at 196 Mill Road City Center. Would you like a reservation?
Yes, please. For Sunday at 18:00.|How many will be in your group?
There will be five people in my group, so I need to make sure I get a reference number for the reservation, please.|A table for 5 has been booked for you at Meze for 18:00 on Sunday. Your Reference number is : 9BC3YJXN.
Thank you that is all I needed.|You're very welcome! Have a great day!
Thank you you can disconnect now.|Thank you goodbye.
I need to find a asian restaurant in Cambridge|Are you looking for one in a certain area?
I don't have any in mind as long as they serve Asian food.|What price range would you prefer?
Actually, I do not need a restaurant for now, I am look for a boat type place to go to in town.|There are several to choose from. There are Camboats in the east, the Riverboat Georgina in the north, and two places for punting in the centre. Do any of those appeal?
I suppose the Riverboat Georgina.|The Riverboat Georgina is found in the North Area. , their phone number is 01223902091. Anything else you need to know?
Thank you.  I am also looking to book a hotel called Hobsons House for 1 person starting Thursday, please.|Sure no problem. How many nights from Thursday would you like to book?
2 nights please and could I get a reference number?|Your stay at hobsons house is booked. Your reference number is BZLBF1DZ.
Thank you so much. That's all for now.|Glad I could help. Let us know if you need anything else.
Hi, I am looking for an attraction in Cambridge called nusha.|Absolutely! Nusha is an entertainment venue in the south of town, located in Unit G6, Cambridge Leisure Park, Clifton Road, postcode cb17dy. Would you like their phone number as well?
Great, that's good to know it's int he south part of town.|May I help you with anything else?
A hotel would be nice.|Would you like a hotel or a guesthouse? What part of town do you want to stay in?
I would like an expensive guesthouse with free wifi please.|I'm sorry, but we don't have any expensive guesthouses with free wifi. Would you like to try a different search?
Can you just find me a moderately priced hotel?|Certainly! The A and B Guest House is a moderately-priced hotel. Would you like to stay there?
Yes, for 7 people and 4 nights.|Okay, and what day do you wish to check in?
We'll check in on Tuesday, please.|Great! Your booking was successful I have you checked in and your booking reference number is YRRJG3QC.
Could I now book a taxi to leave the Nusha's at 24:45 and take me back to the A and B guest House?|Certainly, I have booked your taxi. A black bmw will be picking you up, their contact number is 07151716312.  Can I help with anything else?
Perfect, thank you!|Have a great day.
I hope you have a great day as well!|Please feel free to contact us again for further assistance. Good-bye.
Can you please help me find a museum?|Sure! There are plenty of great museums to choose from. Is there a specific area of town you are looking for?
The centre area. looking for Modern Art and the museums phone number please.|I recommend Byard Art. Their phone number is 01223464646.
Great! That is all I need. Thank you.|You are welcome! Have a nice day.
i'm  looking for places to go in town|There are many fun attractions to go to around town and most are free. Is there a particular type of attraction you are interested in?
What's the best place to go on the east side of town?|I'm a big fan of the Funky Fun House, which is an entertainment venue.
Okay what is the entrance fee?|I don't have that information available. Their phone number is 01223304705 if you'd like to call. Can I help with anything else?
I need a really cheap hotel with a 4 star rating|The Cambridge Belfry will fit your needs. Would you like for me to book a room for you?
yes, please. 5 people for 5 nights starting from friday.|Booking was successful. Reference number is I5ZE4AQV.
That's great, thanks!  That's all I needed!|You're welcome.  Have a good day.
All the help I needed. Bye, thanks.|Great.  Thanks for letting us assist you today!
Hi there. I would like to find a train to Ely for Thursday.|No problem, what time would you like to arrive in Ely?
I need to leave from cambridge and leave after 08:30|I have a train TR1923 leaving cambridge at 9:50 and arriving in ely at 10:07 on thursday. Would you like to reserve this?
What is the price?|The price is 4.40 pounds. Is there anything else you want?
No thank you.  That's all I need.|You're welcome, have a great day!
Wait! Before you go, can you tell me about your favorite college to visit in town?|There is Queens' College on the west side of town.
What is the address and phone number of Queens' College?|The address is silver street and the phone number is 01223335511. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, one more thing. May I have the postcode for Queens' College, please.|Absolutely. Their postcode is cb39et. Is there anything else I can do for you?
That is all I need, bye.|Goodbye and enjoy the rest of your day!
Can you help me find a place to go in the centre?|There are many great attractions in the center of town. I recommend the Cambridge University Botanic Gardens - it's beautiful there!
entrance fee  and adress and phone number please|They are located at bateman street and the phone number is 01223336265
And what attraction type would that be considered?|It's listed as a park.
Ok, I didn't catch if it has an entrance fee?|Yes as a matter of fact it does and this is 4 pounds.
Is there an Indian restaurant in the same area as the attraction? If so what is the address and phone number?|I recommend Saffron Brasserie. They are located on Hills Road City Centre and their phone number is 01223354679. Is there anything else you need?
No.  I think I am all set.|Thank you goodbye
Is it true Cambridge has the best attractions?  We are looking for something unusual to do in the centre.|There is teh museum of archeology and anthropology in the centre that is free of charge
That's perfect. Thanks so much for your help.|You're welcome. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Yes can you help me find a place to eat too?|I'd be happy to help with your request, what area and what type of cuisine are you looking for?
I would like chinese.|I'm afraid our restaurant system is currently down.  Can I help you with something else at this time?
i would like to go site seeing|Other than the museum previously mentioned, I also suggest checking out the Cambridge University Botanic Gardens on Bateman Street.
Ok, I think we've already established the attraction in the town centre. The next thing I need is a HOTEL in the centre that includes free parking.|The bold letters tells me no interest in a guesthouse huh?  I ran a search there are two hotels, gonville and university arms.  Any preference?
i'd like the gonville please. make a reservation if you can for thursday for 1 person, 3 nights.|Booking was successful.  Reference number is W0P1SD78.  Anything else I can help you with today?
No. That is all for now.|Thank you for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Goodbye.
I am visiting the centre area and need to find an attraction to visit.|There are 44 in the centre of town.  Could we narrow it down to architecture, college, museum, or theater?
What is one of your favorites? I would need the phone number and type of attraction.|I actually prefer the cambridge university botanic gardens. They're classed as a park, and their number is 01223336265.
Thanks! I'm also looking for somewhere to stay while I'm in town.|Sure. Do you have any other criteria?
Yes, it needs to be in the same area as the attraction, cheap price range, free wifi but doesnt need to have free parking. Do you have anything like that?|We have alexander bed and breakfast and el shaddai, both are guesthouses any preference?
Alexander Bed and Breakfast sounds nice. Can you make a reservation for two for Saturday?|Definitely.  Did you just want that for one day?
I actually need it for 3 nights|Your reservation for 2 people at the alexander bed and breakfast this saturday for 4 nights was successful. Your  Reference number is : Q0IABNP7.
Thank you so much that was all I needed.|Great!  Thank you for calling the Cambridge TownInfo center.  Have a great trip!
Hello, I am looking for information on kambar. What do you know about that attraction?|Kambar is a nightclub located in the centre of town. Its address is 1 wheeler street and postcode is cb23qb with an entrance fee of 5 pounds.
Alright, that's all I really needed to know. Thanks again!|You're welcome. Have a great day!
Thanks, you too!|Have a great time, and thanks for letting us help!
Do you have a train leaving on Sunday?|Thre are many. Where and when would you like to travel?
I want to go to Bishops Stratford and arrive by 8:15 in the evening, could you tell me the train options?|Do you want to arrive by 08:15 (morning) or 20:15 (evening)?
Arrival by 20:15 in the evening.|I have a train leaving cambridge and arriving at bishops stortford by 20:07 will that train work?
Yes. I'm a big museum fan so now please find me a museum to visit in the Centre|Certainly! But first, did you want to secure passage on the TR6072, departing at 19:29 and arriving at 20:07?
Yes that would be great. I am also looking for a museum to visit. Could you provide the entrance fee and phone number?|how many tickets do you need for the train?
Just one ticket is fine. Now can you tell me about the museum?|Okay I've booked your train. Reference : OVNR0IHT. And, I have lots of museums in the centre. Do you need free admissoin?
Pick any and it does not matter. Please give me the fee cost and phone number once booked.|I suggest Castle Galleries. It has a free entrance fee and the contact number is 01223307402.
Thank you so much!|Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No that is it. Thank you.|Well thank you for contacting the cambridge towninfo centre and have a wonderful day!
I need place to stay in Cambridge.  Want it cheap with 4 stars.|I found 2 different 4 star hotels in that are cheaper than the others. Would you like to reserve that room for you?
What are the names of the 2 hotels?|Allenbell and the Alexander bed and breakfast are the cheapest.
I need one in the east area. Is one of them in the east.|Allenbell is in the East area. can I get you a booking there?
What type of hotel is it, and do they have free parking?|Allenbell is a guesthouse with free parking. Would you like me to check availability for a certain day of the week?
No, if you could get me the postcode for Allenbell that would be great.|The post code is cb13js
Cool. Do you happen to know anything about the Soul Tree nightclub?|Sure, it's a nightclub in the centre area. Would you like the phone number or address?
I need the postcode and address.|The address is 1-6 corn exchange street and the postcode is cb23qf. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Thanks, that's all I need today. You've been a great help. Goodbye!|Thank you for your interest in Cambridge, we look forward to seeing you here!
I'm looking for some places to go in town. Can  you help me find a swimmingpool in the west.|Sorry, I didn't pull up any results. Would you like me to check surrounding areas?
No. Instead of swimming I think I will go to college. Any of those around here?|i have found five. would you like info for the 3 free or the 2 that cost 2.50 pounds?
It doesn't matter. Can you just recommend one for me?|The magdalene college is nice. It is free to enter. Would you like more information on it?
Yes, may I please get Magdalene College's phone number?|Yes, their phone number is 01223332138. Can I help you with anything else today?
I also need a train going to peterborough.|From what location?
Cambridge will be the departure place.  I'd like to leave after 10:45 on Sunday.  I'll need the travel time, arrival time, and Train ID please.|Ok   I will book it for you
I am looking for an expensive guesthouse to stay in during my trip to Cambridge.|Unfortunately there is nothing that matches your criteria. Would you like to try a hotel or different price range instead?
Are you sure there are no expensive guesthouses in the whole town?|Yes I am certain.  Would you like to try another price range?
How about the moderate price range?|Certainly, there are 15 moderately priced guesthouses. Do you require internet or parking?
Free parking would be great please.|12 of those places offer free parking, any other preferences?
Is there a guesthouse that Is close to the South ?|There are 2. One is 4 stars and the other is 3.  Do you have a preference?
Could I have the 4 star please|I would recommend alyesbray lodge guest house. Would you like me to book that for you?
I would rather stay at a hotel if that's okay.|The Huntingdon Marriott Hotel is an expensive 4 star hotel in the west with free parking.  Does that fit your needs?
Actually, can you give me the postcode for the alysebray lodge guest house?|Sure. Their postcode is cb17sr. Anything else I can assist you with?
Yes I am looking for someplace to tour in town in the south involving architecture.|Unfortunately, we don't have any architecture attractions in southern Cambridge. Would you like me to search other areas of Cambridge for architectural attractions?
Okay, I'd like to find an entertainment place in the south.|I have Nusha and Tenpin that are entertainment venues in the south. Which one interests you?
I will pick option two! Thank you very much for the help and have a great day!|Was that all you needed today?
Actually, can you give me the address, postcode, and phone number of Tenpin?|Sure, the address is cambridge leisure park, clifton way, number is 08715501010, and their postcode is cb17dy. Is there anthing else you need?
No that's everything, thanks. Goodnight!|Okay fantastic, have a good one.
Hi, I am hoping you can give me some information on places to dine.|I am sure we can find you a great place to dine. First, do you have a type of food in mind and what is your preferred price range?
Yes, I would like a restaurant that serves corsica food.|There are no corsica restaurants in Cambridge. Would you like to try searching for something else?
How about gastropub restaurants please?|There are four restaurants that serve Gastropub, What pricerange would you like?
any is fine. book a table for 7 people at 15:45 on friday.|Okay I've got you at The Cow Pizza Kitchen and Bar. Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Reference number is : XOKT79OB.
Also, I'm looking for places to go in town that are in the same area as the restaurant.|There are 44 results. Can I narrow down the results with a certain type of attraction?
It really doesn't matter.  Can you just recommend one and give me the entrance fee, attraction type, and phone number?|Sure! How about Holy Trinity Church? It's a free architecture attraction, and their phone number is 01223355397. Can I help you with anything else?
Nope! That'll be all, thanks so much for your help!|Thanks for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Goodbye!
i will be in Cambridge  and i am looking for a boat|Great! I can help you with that. We have boats located in the east, north, and centre area. Which area you prefer?
How about in the north?|Okay, the Riverboat Georgina is located in the north on cambridge passenger cruisers, jubilee house. Post code is cb43ax and phone number is 01223902091.
Thanks for the info! I also need a place to stay in the centre of town. I'm looking for something in the expensive price range.|We have a three star and a four-star hotel. Did you have a preference?
I do not care it should be in the centre and should be in the expensive price range.|I found a hotel that fits your need. Would you like for me to book a room?
No, would you be able to look into another hotel for me? Do you have any hotels that have 0 stars and are in the moderate cost range?|I have found 1 hotel that meets your needs. It is Cityroomz. Would you like me to book it for you?
No thank you. I would just like the number and postcode for Cityroomz.|Okay, the phone is 01223304050 and postcode is cb12tz
Okay, that's all I need. Thanks, bye|Have a wonderful time.
Hey, I'm headed to birmingham new street on Friday. Please find me a train|Sure, what is your departure station?
I am departing from cambridge and need to leave after 17:45.|Okay, the TR7420 leaves at 18:01 and arrives by 20:44. Would you like me to book tickets?
Yes, please. I need 3 tickets.|You are all set, the total fee is 225.3 GBP payable at the station, the reference number is D058JMG9, do you need anything else today?
I'm also looking for colleges in the south. Can you help me with that?|I'm afraid there are no colleges on the south side. Would you like me to look for something else or in a different area?
Are there any nightclubs in the south?|There is one, and it's called The Place. They're located at 22 Sidney Street.
Hmm.. Sounds fun. What is their post code?|The postcode is cb23hg.
Is there anything else I can help with?|Is there anything else you need me to help you with?
No.  You have covered everything.  Thank you so much.|Thank you for using Cambridge TownInfo Centre.
I am looking for theatres to visit in town. Any suggestions?|Yes, there are 5 theatres in town. 4 in the centre and 1 in the south. Do you have a preference?
Can I have the phone number and postcode for the one in the south?|The phone number for the Junction is 01223511511 and the postcode is cb17gx. Can I help you with anything else?
Yes I am looking for a place to stay that includes free parking and has 2 stars.|Would the Ashley Hotel be okay? They are a moderately priced hotel that is located in the north.
Actually, can you find me one that offers free wifi and parking that has a 2-star rating? I prefer the north area still.|Yes, Ashley hotel will work for all those specifications.
Awesome! Can I have the address and postcode for that hotel? Thanks!|Certainly, ashley hotel is located at 74 chesterton road, postcode cb41er. Do you need any other information?
Nope, that's all I needed. Thanks so much!|You're welcome. Have a great time!
My friends told me to look into a restaurant called The Gandhi, could you please give me some information on it?|the gandhi is located at 72 Regent Street City Centre. Phone number is 01223353942
Thank you. And about how much is dinner there?|The Ghandi is considered an inexpensive restaurant. Would to see about booking a table?
Not at the moment, but I need some info on cherry hinton water play.|Cherry hinton water play is a park located at cherry hinton hall, cherry hinton road, postcode cb18dw.  Would you also like the phone number?
No, that is all the information I need at this time.  Thank you.|Have a nice day!
I wold like to book a room near downtown that has wi-fi and a free parking.|There are 4 options. Do you have a price you would like to stick with?
Actually, I think that what I really want is a hotel that is in the same area as a swimming pool.  Are there any public swimming pools in town?|Parkside Pools are in the centre of town, if that would be okay.
get me the address, phone number, and area. i am also looking for a 4 start place to stay in the north|Parkside pools is gonville place. The area is the centre and phone number is 01223446100.
I also need a place to stay, it should be 4 stars, in the north and include free wifi.|We have six 4-star guesthouses in the north that might suit you. I can recommend Archway House. Would you like to book a room?
Yes, I'll need it for 5 nights starting from sunday. Oh, and book it for 7 people!|I'm sorry I was unable to book it for 7 people, would you like to try for another day or a shorter stay?
Can you see if they have anything for 2 nights?|Yes, I was able to book your 7 person, 2-night stay beginning on Sunday.  The reference number is G2ZC5BAH.  Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No, that should be all.  Thank you for your help!  Goodbye.|Thank you for contacting us today.  Goodbye.
I am looking for train leaving on Friday.|Sure! What is your destination and departure preference?
I will be going to the lovely village of Kings Lynn, it be be after I get out of work, so I need to leave after 21:30.|There is a 12:11 is that is not too soon for you to leave.
I said 21:30. Try again.|I'm sorry I misunderstood you. There are 2 trains leaving after 21:30. TR0394 leaves at 22:11 and TR2311 at 23:11 both depart from cambridge.
Hi, I am planning a trip and looking for a place to stay.  Can you help me with one?|Sure can, we have 33 locations available, do you have anything to help narrow it down?
I need it to be in the north. I'd also like free parking and free wifi.|Is there a price point?
Not really. I'm hoping you give me the price range along with my options.|There are 11 hotels with the price range of moderate to cheap. Which would you like to know more about?
Can you pick a good one in the moderate price range?|The Archway House has both free internet and parking, four stars, and is moderately priced. Would you like me to book it?
Not yet but I would like to find a place to go near the same area as the hotel.|There are four places to go in the north area.  Two are swimming pools and there is a park and boating area. Which would you like info on?
A swimming pool would be great. Can i get the address please?|Sure. I recommend kings hedges learner pool. Their address is jedburgh court, kings hedges
Great! I'm also going to need a taxi, for between the two places.|Okay, please tell me your departure time and location as well as your destination
I want to leave the hotel at 5:30.|I have you booked, grey Audi. 
Contact number is 07341216795
Thanks so much. That's all for today, goodbye|You're welcome! Enjoy your stay!
Good morning! I'm trying to buy a train ticket that goes from Peterborough to Cambridge. Can you help me do this?|I can absolutely help! Do you have a specific day and arrival/departure time?
The train should leave on Sunday  and should arrive by 16:45|I have a train arriving at 08:09 that leaves at 07:19?
No, I'm sorry, that's much too early. Could you find one closer to 16:00 or 16:20?|The latest train departs at 15:48. Does that work for you?
For the one that departs at 15:48, what time would I arrive?|16:38, fifty minute travel time. Shall I book it?
Yes please.  I need 5 seats.|Booked! At the station you will pay 66 pounds. Reference number: JQ91RH6X.
Great I also need to find a concerthall to visit in the south.|I don't see anything in that area. Can I search a different area or venue for you?
Sure, how about one that is in the type of entertainment?|There is the Man on the Moon in the Centre located at 2 Nofolk St. Their phone number is 01223474144
Can you give me the postcode and entrance fee? Thanks.|I don't have the entrance fee, but the postcode is cb12lf.
Thank you for all your help today. Have a great day.|Okay, have a good day as well.
I am looking for a guesthouse with free parking|There are 21 Guest Houses with free parking. What other preference do you have that can narrow the search down?
I would prefer if the guesthouse was in the cheap price range.|There are 9 cheap guesthouses that offer free parking. I would recommend the Alexander Bed and Breakfast due to being a 4 star place and offering guests free wifi.
That will work. I want to make a reservation for 1 person. It will need to be for 3 nights starting from Wednesday.|Unfortunately, the Alexander can't handle that that booking at this time. Perhaps another day or a shorter stay?
no thank you!|Is there anything else I can help you with?
Can you check if a 2 night reservation fits in anywhere?|That worked! I have you booked for two nights at the Alexander. Your reference number is 12L7NSPK.
Are there any attractions in the centre part of town?|Certainly. I have architecture, cinema, theater, colleges, museums. What interests you most?
Which is your favorite? Give me their address, phone number, and entrance fee, and I'll check it out.|Well All saints Church is quite historic and relaxing and their address is jesus lane, it is free to enter and you can contact them on 01223452587.
That sounds wonderful.  Can you book me a taxi from Alexander to All Saints Church?  I need to leave the hotel by 1:45.|I have confirmed your booking, a white toyota will pick you up. Their contact number is 07056950129.  Do you need further assistance?
.
No.  That all looks great.  Thanks!|Have a great day!
Okay. Thanks again. You, too. Goodbye!|Safe travels and enjoy your stay in Cambridge!
Okay...thanks!  That's all I need.|Thank you!
Hello, could you tell me about the swimming attractions around Cambridge. Something pool based please.|The jesus green outdoor pool in north is really nice.  Need a phone number?
Actually, I would like the address, please.|Sure their address is between victoria road and the river. Is there anything else I may help you with today?
I am also in need of a train that arrives by 10:15 and goes to norwich.  Can you please look that up for me.|Sure are you departing from Cambridge?
Yes and I will be travelling on Saturday|Is there a time you need to leave by?
No, not really.  But I will need the train ID and departure time.|TR1062 arrives at 9:55. Their departure time is 8:36.  There are trains before that one every hour until 5:35.
Thank you so much for your help.|Can I help with anything else today?
no. that is all i needed. thanks. goodbye.|Have a good trip.  Goodbye.
Hi I am looking for an expensive restaurant in the south part of town?|I can offer your Chinese, Indian, Italian, or Mexican food at expensive restaurants in the south. Which of these sounds good to you?
Which Mexican restaurant would you suggest? I need a table for 4 people at 14:00 on Friday|How about the Chiquito Restaurant and Bar? I will book it for you. Your reference number is 5I9ZH0LZ.
Also, are there any concerthalls in the same area of town as the restaurant?|I'm sorry, there are no concerthalls located in the south part of town. Would you like to search for something different?
That is too bad.  Would there be any theatres?|The Junction theater is the only theater in the area. It's located on Clifton way, cb17gx. If you would like to call their number is 01223511511.
What is the entrance fee?|Unfortunately that information is not available in my database.  I suggest calling ahead for entrance fee pricing.  Is there anything else I may assist you with?
That should be it today, thank you!|Thank you for using our system!
I'd like to visit an attraction called the Cambridge Corn Exchange. What can you tell me about it?|It is a theatre located in the centre on wheeler street.
Can you provide their full address please?|I'm sorry the full address isn't listed would you like there postcode and phone number?
No but I also need a hotel called university arms hotel.|I was able to find university arms hotel located at regent street.  Would you like me to book a room for you?
Before we do that, what type of attraction is the Cambridge Corn Exchange? I don't know too much about it.|They are on Wheeler street and phone is 01223357851
I am looking for a 4 star hotel with free parking.|There are many options. Is there a price range or area of town that you prefer?
No preference of area but would like it to be moderately priced and 4 stars.|There is the Acorn Guest House that offers free internet as well as parking. WOuld this be OK?
What area is Acorn Guest House in?|The acorn guest house is located in the north. Would you like a reservation?
No I don't need a reservation but I would like to get the area they are in, postcode and address please.  I am also looking for the attraction Camboats?|It is in the North, and the post code is cb41da. Is there anything else you would like to know?
I just need the entrance fee, please.|I do not have any information on the entrance fee
Oh, that's too bad. I guess that's all I need then.|Okay, have a great day!
I am trying to find information about ADC Theatre, can you help me?|adc theatre is in the centre of town on park street, would you like their phone number?
Yes, please give me the phone number.|Sure, the phone number is 01223300085.  Can I help you with anything else?
No, actually that takes care of everything I need. Have a great day now!|You're quite welcome! Thanks for contacting the Cambridge TownInfo Centre and have a great day!
i need places to go in town|What kind of place do you want to go and on what side of town? An attraction or restaurant? Or something else? I need more information to help you.
I'm looking for an attraction in the north. What's the fee and postcode for your favorite?|the milton park is free. The postcode is cb46az.
Thanks. I am also looking for a place to stay. I'll need free parking, but wifi is not necessary.|Are you looking for a specific hotel?
No. I actually would like to find a guesthouse instead. I would like one that offers free parking.|There are 21 places to choose from, anything i can do to narrow it down?
Actually, I really don't know this area. I could use a recommendation. I just need a guesthouse that has free wifi.|The city centre north b and b is a cheap	guesthouse located at 328a histon road. would you like me to book a room.
I would like the post code for the hotel please.|City Centre North B and B is in postcode cb43ht. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Could you tell me the star rating?|It is rated 0 stars.
Thanks, I won't need anything else from you today. Take care!|Have a wonderful time.
Thank you! Goodbye|Enjoy your stay In Cambridge!
Hi, I am planning my Cambridge trip and could use some help with a particular attraction.|Sure, is there a particular area of town you're interested in?
No, I need help with a particular attraction. Can you help?|I sure can, what is the name of the attraction you are seeking information about?
I'm looking for tenpin I want the address and entrance fee.|Tenpin address is Cambridge Leisure Park, Clifton Way. I am sorry I have no information about their entrance fee. Can I assist you with anything else today?
Yes, I also wanted to find an expensive guesthouse to stay at.|I have expensive hotels, or moderately priced guesthouses. But no expensive guesthouses.
What about a 4 star guest with free parking. If there is no such guesthouse how about one that is in the cheap range.|I found 7 cheap ones. What part of town would you like to stay in?
I don't have a preference. Please make a suggestion and book it for 6 people for 2 nights starting on friday.|Okay, you are all booked at the leverton house. Your reference number is UDJH8B4E. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No that will be it for today, thank you.|You are welcome. Have a good afternoon.
I want a college to visit|There are 18 colleges in Cambridge. Did you want one in a particular part of town?
No, no particular area. Which one do you recommend?|I recommend Christ's College in the centre, admission is free.
Can you find me a hotel in the north with free parking included?|what about hamilton lodge? it's a lovely place.
Sure. That would be fine. Can I have more information please?|What other information do you need?
Actually, I think I'm ok for now. Thank you for your time.|Okay thank you for calling.
I am looking for a gueshouse to stay in during my visit. I would like for it to be in the east section of town.|There are six entries, do you have any other preferences in hotel choice?
I'd like a 4 star place that's on the pricier side.|There are no 4 star expensive guesthouses on the East side of town. Would you be interested in a cheap or moderately priced one instead?
I would like one that is cheap then.|Autumn house is cheap and has free internet and parking. Would you like me to book a reservation for you?
Yes please. Can you book the reservation for Saturday for 5 guests for a 2 night stay. Thanks.|Sorry, there are no rooms available for your specifications. Do you want to try a different day or a shorter stay?
Try for 1 night instead. If that works, can I have the reference number?|How about the Autumn House for 1 night starting Saturday and your reference number is SVCIWLWA.
I also need to find something called gonville and caius college, can you help?|Gonville and Caius College is located in the center of town on Trinity Street. Anything else I can do for you?
Can I get the postcode?|No problem, the postal code is cb21ta.  Did you need the phone number as well?
No thanks - I'm all set. Thank you for your help today.|You are welcome. Have a pleasant stay.
Hey there. I am hoping you might be able to tell me what kind of entertainment is happening tonight in town near where I am staying.|Not a problem. Where are you staying?
I am in the northern part of town.|Sorry, I don't see any attractions in the north. Perhaps another area?
Would you happen to know if there is a swimming pool in the north?|There's actually two.  Would you like more information on them?
Yes, please!|The Jesus Green Outdoor Pool is between Victoria Road and the river. The Kings Hedges Learner pool is on Jedburgh Court, Kings Hedges. Would you like their phone numbers?
Yes, please give me the phone number for Jesus Green Outdoor Pool.|The phone number is 01223302579. Can I help you with anything else?
Can you also give me the address and entrance fee for the Jesus Green pool?|The pool is located between Victoria Rd and the river. I don't have the information for the entrance fee, but you can give them a call at 01223302579.
Thank you that is all I need, bye.|Great. Have a great day!
I am seeking an expensive restaurant in Cambridge.|There are 57 expensive restaurants in Cambridge. Do you have a food type preference?
How about one in the east area?|That narrowed the search down to 5.  Do you have a food type preference?
Tell me your favorite. I'd like their phone number and address, please?|Sure. The sitar tandoori's phone number is 01223249955 and their address is 	43 High Street Cherry Hinton Cherry Hinton
Great, also, are there any museums in that same area?|We have four museums in that area. Most are free to visit, though the Cambridge Museum of Technology does have an entrance fee.
What is the postcode for the Cambridge Museum of Technology?|The postcode is cb58ld. Is there anything else you would like to know?
That's all I needed today, thank you.|You're very welcome. Goodbye!
I would like to find a pool that I can visit.|Of course, there are 4 public pools in Cambridge. Are you looking to visit any particular part of town?
I am not. Can you please give the phone number and entrance fee for one of them?|I can provide you four names but not an entrance fee. I am sorry.
Just give me the phone number for the first one on your list, and can you confirm if that one has an entrance fee please.|The phone number for the abbey pool and astroturf pitch phone number is 01223902088.  I am sorry, but they do not note if an entrance fee is required.
Ok, I also need a place to stay and I don't care about free parking, but can it be moderately priced?|I have many options available. Is there a particular area of town you would like to stay or a number of stars you want?
I want to stay on the east side of town and I'm looking for a guesthouse type hotel.|The Carolina Bed and Breakfast is a moderately priced 4 star guesthouse with free parking. Would you like to try that one?
What is this hotel's phone number?|The phone number for The Carolina Bed and Breakfast is 01223247015. Can I help with anything else?
Yes, can you book me at the guesthouse for 8 people?|Sure thing, what day would you like to check in and how many days do you want to stay?
Yes, I'm looking for the hotel Limehouse.|limehouse is a moderate priced guesthouse in the north at 78-80 milton road. Would you like to make a reservation?
Please. I'll be checking in by myself on sunday, and staying for five nights.|It was successful. The booking number is WCRBSYUL. Is there anything else?
Yes. What can you tell me about cherry hinton hall and grounds? I am interested in visiting it. Do I need to book a tour?|It is in the east area of town, and it does not tell me if there is an entrance fee. Can I help you with anything else?
Yes, could you provide me with their phone number as well?|The telephone number is 01223446104.  Can I help you with anything else?
That should be all, thank you.|You're welcome, have a great day!
i need to find a place to go in the west|There are several colleges and museums in the west and one entertainment venue.  What are you interested in?
Can you tell me about a couple museums, any type, and let me know the cost.|cafe jello gallery is a nice place to visit. cambridge and county folk museum is nice too.
What is the entrance fee for cafe jello gallery?|Entrance into cafe jello gallery is free. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
I also need a place to eat near the attraction.|I found a nice restaurant for you called Saint Johns Chop House. It's not too pricey and tastes great!
Thank you! Is it a European restaurant?|It is a british restaurant. Does that meet your needs?
No I would like to find  European restaurant.|There is the cambridge lodge restaurant, which is in the expensive price range. Address Cambridge Lodge Hotel 139 Huntingdon Road City Centre. Would you like me to book a table for you?
Is that located in the west? I forgot to mention I wanted to stay close to where the museum is.|Yes it is in the west. Do you need anything else?
Just the postcode. Thanks for all of your help!|the postcode is cb30af
Let's see...restaurant, museum...nope. That's everything I need!|Happy to be of service, and enjoy your time in Cambridge!
I need information on the town centre.|Okay I can help with that. What information are you looking for?
I want to know what attractions are in the centre, please.|There are 44 wonderful attractions in the centre area.  Do you have a specific interest in mind or would you like me to make some suggestions?
Pick one and I would need the entrance fee and attraction type.|I recommend the All Saints Church. It's an architecture attraction, and it's free to get in.
I'll have to check that out. Thank you, that's all the info I needed.|Okay, thank you for calling the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Have a great day.
I would like to book a train to Cambridge.|We have plenty of options. Would you like to narrow it down by travel time?
Yes. I would like to depart from Cambridge and arrive in Norwich no later than 17:00 on Monday.|I have 11 trains that arrive in norwich on monday. TR9460 arrives in norwich at 16:55 and costs 17:60 pounds. Does that work for you?
Yes, please book that train for 4 people and give me the reference number.|Your reference number is EHHSIN9X, and the total is 70.4 GBP.  Can I help you with something else?
I would also like some recommendations for places to go in town.|There are many places to go in town. Is there anything more specific you would like?
I'd like something on the south side, please.|There are a couple parks, a cinema, a museum, a nightclub, and 2 entertainment venues, any of those sound ok?
The museum on the south side sounds good. Could I get an address for that?|You'll find the museum at 14 king's parade.
Okay thank you so much that is all I need.|You're welcome. Is there anything else I can help you with?
That will be all, thank you.|You're welcome, enjoy your time in Cambridge.
Hello! Can you help me find a restaurant somewhere in the center of Cambridge please?|Sure thing!. There are 69 restaurants in the centre. Is there a specific cuisine or price range you're looking for?
Yes, I'm looking for an indian restaurant.|I have found 9 Indian restaurants. Do you have a price range in mind?
Not really. But I am also interested in finding some architecture to look at.|I recommend the All Saints Church, located in the centre. Would you like more information?
May I get the area of the church, phone number, and entrance fee?|The church is in the centre area, its phone number is 01223452587, and the entrance fee is free.
Excellent. That's all I need.|Great! Is there anything else I can assist you with?
No, that will be all today.|Thank you and have nice visit.
I am looking for a place to go that includes boats. Can you please help me plan my trip?|There are four boat attractions in Cambridge. Is there an area of town you'd like to visit while there?
No, I don't have a preference. Which one do you suggest?|Camboats in the East area, would you like more information about Camboats?
That is great is there a hotel near by that has free wifi and is on the cheaper side?|there are 3 hotels available that meet your criteria, do you have any other preferences?
I would like one with free parking.|Allenbell is a guesthouse on the East side of town that is cheap. It has both free wifi and parking. Would you like more information or to book a room?
I would prefer a hotel over a guesthouse. Are there any that would meet the criteria I've listed?|I'm sorry, I'm not finding anything that matches that criteria. Can I search for something else?
I really need a hotel in the east.|Express by Holiday Inn is in the East and has parking, but it's expensive. Is that OK?
No I really need the price range to be cheap.  Are there any that come up close to that price range?|Unfortunately, no. In that part of town, there are no cheap hotels.
I'm sorry, I misspoke earlier. The Allenbell will be fine. Could you see if they have any rooms starting on Tuesday for 3 nights? There will be 8 people.|The booking was successful with a reference number of SXQ58UY1. Do you need anything else today?
Yes, I would also like a taxi that will leave from Camboats by 07:45. Could you also provide me with its contact number and car type?|I was able to secure a blue Toyota for you. The contact number is 07214859468.
Thanks, that's all I need. Have a nice day.|You're very welcome. Goodbye!
Hi, I was wondering if there was a swimming pool that an out of town person could use while visiting.|I have four, what area were you looking to swim in?
Any of them will be ok I also need the postcode and area it's in.|I recommend kings hedges learner pool in the north the postcode is cb42xh. Is there anything else I can  help you with today?
Perfect, thanks. Can you also help me find a good Turkish restaurant that's moderately priced?|There are 2 and they are both in the centre.  Anatolia & efes restaurant.  Which do you prefer?  Would you like a reservation?
Can I get more information about Anatolia?|Moderate Range Turkish food. Phone, 01223362372. Anything else?
Can you give me the postcode?|The postcode is cb21uj. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, I also want to book a taxi.  Can you help me with that?|Where will the taxi be leaving from and going to?
the restaurant and the swimming pool of course. I want to leave the restaurant by 5:15 sharp|You'll be in a white Skoda and the contact number is 07935 536 503. Can I confirm, though, that you wish to leave the restaurant at 5:15 in the morning?
Yes, I want to leave the restaurant by 05:15.|Great - you are all set with your white Skoda.  Anything else I can help with?
No thank you that will be all|Great! Have a nice day!
I am looking for an italian restaurant, cheap preferably.|There are 5 cheap Italian restaurants is there an area you prefer?
Yes, I'd like to be in the center of town, please.|There are 3 restaurants which match that criteria which are the Pizza Hut City Centre, Ask, and Zizzi Cambridge. Would you like information for one of those restaurants?
Please book a table for 4 people at Zizzi Cambridge for 19:15 on Monday and provide me the reference number.|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Reference number is : TCYAVOO1.  Can I assist you with anything else today?
i'm also looking for emmanuel college|Emmanuel College is located on Saint Andrew's Street in the centre.
Can I get the phone number?|01223334200 is the phone number. Can I help you with anything else?
I would like a taxi.|Where would you like to depart from, and at what time?
I need to go from the college to the restaurant by 19:15 on Monday.|Booking completed!
Booked car type	:	yellow ford
Contact number	:	07431638056
Thank you for the information. I appreciate it. Good bye.|I'm glad I could help.
I need to find an Italian restaurant please.|There are several Italian Restaurants. What area are you interested in?
I am so sorry, I would rather have gastropub food, moderately priced please.|Sure depending on whether you'd like to be in the center or not I do have one moderately priced gastropub called the Cow Pizza Kitchen and Bar.
Location is not a problem. Please book me a table for 2 at 1645, Wednesday. I'll probably need the reference number, too.|I was able to successfully book your table! Your reference number is V3PUMO0W. Can I help you with anything else?
I would also like to visit a college in the centre.|How about Corpus Christi, on King's Parade?
That sounds great, may I have the address?|The address is on King's Parade in the centre.  Do you know where that is?  I can give you directions or call you a taxi.
I do know where that is located.  Thanks for your help, goodbye!|You are welcome.  Good bye.
I am looking for a place to eat that serves gastropub food in the centre.|We have 3 great gastropubs in the center. I recommend the Backstreet Bistro.
Is it expensive?|Yes it is. Would you like to book it?
No, thank you. I just need the address, please.|The address is 2 Sturton Street City Centre.
I also am looking for places to go in the same area as the restaurant. I would like to visit a college.|We have many fine colleges in the center, such as Christ's College, Corpus Christi, Jesus College, and Trinity College. Would you like more information about one of them, or perhaps others?
Trinity college please.|Trinity college is located on trinity street, and the phone number is 01223338400. The entrance fee is 1 pound. Do you need any additional information?
No that is all I need, thank you.|Okay. Please let us know if you need anything else during your trip to Cambridge.
I would like to find some place to go in town where I can look at architecture. Can you help?|There are five architecture attractions, all located in the center of town. There are four churches and one school.
Awesome, tell me more about the church closest to me right now and get me their phone number please|All saints church is located at jesus lane and has free entrance. Their phone number is 01223452587. Can I be of any further assistance?
Ya I am also looking for a hotel to stay.  Would prefer one that doesn't have wifi if possible.|Unfortunately, all the hotels in town have internet available.  Is there a particular price range your looking at?
Wifi will be fine then.  Just something cheap and basic will be good. Do you know of such a place?|How about the cambridge belfry located at back lane cambourne?
I appreciate you finding wifi for me!|Did you need me to book a room at the Cambridge Belfry for you?
Yes, please. I need a reservation for Saturday, 4 nights and 2 people.|Booking was successful.
Reference number is : 3U32C59A. Can I help with anything else?
No that's great, thanks for your help.|Thank you for using our services. Have we met all of your needs today?
Yes, thank you!|Great. Thank you for calling and have a great day. Goodbye!
I love antiques and heard about a place called williams art and antiques. Could you give me more information?|williams art and antiques is a museum in the town centre. Entrance is free. Do you need more info?
Yes, can i get the address and postcode?|Okay, the address is gwydir street, no. 5 dale's brewery and post code is cb12lj.
Thanks a lot. Can you also help me find a place to stay that has free wifi?|I will be happy to help. First, can you tell me if there is a certain area of town you wish to stay in?
I'd like something in the South, preferably a hotel with three stars.|there is one with moderate and one with expensive price range. which one could you prefer?
Thank you! It doesn't matter to me.|I would recommend the Bridge Guest House, the moderate.  It is just as nice as the expensive place.  Need more information?
Can you book it for 8 people for five nights starting on Sunday and I need a reference number|Your booking was successful and your reference number is 97LW76MP. Bridge Guest House is located at 151 Hills Road and their phone number is 01223247942. Would you like any additional information?
That is all I need, thank you.|Thank you goodbye
My brother told me about this attraction place called Abbey Pool and Astroturf Pitch. Would you be able to tell me where it is?|Yes, abbey pool and astroturf pitch is a swimming pool on the east side of town. What other information would you like?
Could you tell me the entrance fee for that?|I'm sorry, I don't have that information.  You could call them at 01223902088 and ask though.  Can I help you with anything else?
No, thanks. I think that will take care of it. Have a good night!|You're quite welcome! Thanks for contacting the Cambridge TownInfo Centre and have a great day!
I'm looking for a theatre in the center of town, please.|There are 4 theatres located in the centre of Cambridge. They are ADC Theatre, Cambridge Arts Theatre, Mumford Theatre and The Cambridge Corn Exchange
What is the entrance fee and address of the ADC Theatre?|ADC Theatre is located on park street. I am unsure of the entrance fee.
Alright that's fine. Can I get a train that departs from London Liverpool Street and arrives there by 19:30?|Is this for today?
I would like to leave on Sunday please.|There are 7 trains to cambridge that will arrive before 19:30. TR82260 arrives at 19:07 and departs at 17:39.Would you like to book this train?
I don't need to book right now. I just need the trainID and the ticket price, please.|Sure, the price for TR8260 is 13.28 GBP per ticket. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No thank you, that will be all.|Okay, have a good day. Goodbye.
Can you help me find a train? I am looking for to take me to Birmingham New Street and it should leave on Saturday.|Train TR4975 leaves at 05:01 Saturday. Who you like me to book it or shall I list more train options?
I need a train that departs from Cambridge after 15:30.|I found that TR3245 is likely suited for your needs. It departs at 16:01 on saturday evening. May I book that for you?
Yes please, book it for two people and provide me with the reference number if you don't mind.|Ok, I have booked travel for two people on TR 3245 leaving Cambridge at 1601. Reference number XI0220XD for your records.
I also want to find a place to go. I'm looking for a museum in the east.|We have four to choose from. Any particular preference?
Doesn't matter. Can I get the entrance fee, address, and phone number please?|The Cambridge Artworks museum is located at 5 greens road. Their phone number is 01223902168, and it's free to get in. Can I help with anything else today?
Nothing else, thank you lots.|You are welcome.  If you need anything else, please contact us.
I'm travelling from Ely to Cambridge on Tuesday and need help finding a train.|We have trains running that route every two hours beginning at 5:35. Do you have a preferred departure or arrival time?
I want to arrive by 18:30.|I have several options available is there a time you would like to depart?
I don't have a departure preference.|Train ID	TR6971 is 4.40 pounds Should I book it
Yes, and please give me the ref. number.|Great!  How many seats will you need?
Just me please|Your booking was successful, the total fee is 4.4 GBP payable at the station. Reference number is : FCO2L8AN. May I assist with anything else?
Can you help me find a park in the south?|There are two parks in the south. They are both free. I recommend wandlebury country park. Can I help with anything more today?
Please tell me their phone number and address|Wandlebury Country Park is located at Wandlebury Ring, Gog Magog Hills, Babraham and their phone number is 01223243830. Can I assist you further?
That is all I need today. Thank you for your help.|thank you and enjoy your stay in Cambridge!
Thanks again for all of your help|Glad I could help.
Hi, I'm looking for entertainment attractions that are available in the centre.|There are no entertainment attraction located in the centre. Would you like me to check different areas?
Yes, how about a museum in the centre?|The castle galleries is a free museum in that area.
What is their address?|unit su43, grande arcade, saint andrews street	anything else i can help you with?
I am also looking for a restaurant in the same area as the attraction.|great, i have 69 options for you in that area!
I want a cheap restaurant that serves polynesian food.|I am afraid I have none matching your request. Would you like to try another type of food or area?
Can you try spanish food instead?|How about italian?
There's nothing that serves spanish food in the cheap price range in the centre of town?|The la raza serves spanish food. Its cheap and in the centre. Would you like me to book you a table there?
Yes!  Please do.|Looking now La Raza has a few openings, how many people?  Do you have a date and time in mind?
I'd like it for Saturday at 17:45, just one person.|You are booked and your reservation number is Q7YR4YLN
Can you help me get a taxi?|Of course. I need the time of travel, departure location and the destination.
I need it to arrive at the restaurant by the booked time.|Your taxi is a blue skoda under the contact number 07244814493. Is there anything else?
That is all thanks.|You're welcome, glad I could help.
I'm looking for a british restaurant in the centre of town.|We have 7, in fact. Do you have a price range in mind? If not, the Copper Kettle is a moderately priced, popular choice.
That one sounds great!  Thanks for the info.|Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
Yes, can you book me a table at the Copper Kettle on Tuesday at 19:15 for 2 people?|Sure, the Booking was successful. Reference number is : BUPKJYTW. May I help with anything else?
Yes, I am also looking for places to go in town.  A attraction in the same area as the restaurant.|There are 44 attractions in the centre. Do you have a preference of the type of attraction?
Yes, are there any architecture attractions?|Of course, there are five great architecture attractions in the center. All but one are free admission as well. Any preferences?
Which one is closest to the Copper Kettle?|That would be the All Saints Church on Jesus Lane. They offer free admission. Would you like any other information for them?
Could I get the phone number, please?|sure, their phone number is 01223452587. is that all?
I'm looking for a hotel called hamilton lodge.|Hamilton lodge is a guesthouse, on the north side of town, in the moderate price range and awarded 3 stars. Do you need more information?
What's the hotel type, postcode, and star of the hotel?|It is a moderately-priced guesthouse with 3 stars.  The postcode is cb41da.
Thank you!!  Can you also recommend places to go around the centre.  My wife is really into architecture.|Sure, I have many churches in the centre. Would you like more information about one? Perhaps Holy Trinity?
Can I get the address of that?|Sure. Their address is market street with postcode cb23nz.
Thank you so much, that is all I needed.|Thank you for using our system!
I need a train out of cambridge on Sunday, please.|We have trains leaving every hour starting at 05:00 that day. What is your destination?
The train should go to ely and should leave after 19:15.|I have train TR3544 departing at 19:50 and arriving by 20:07. Would that work for you?
Yes, what is the price of that train?|The price is 3.52 pounds, would you like me to book a ticket for you?
I'd also like to see some things in town, in particular any sort of boating. Is there anything like that?|Yes there are 4 options to choose from, do you have a specific part of town you'd prefer?
I need to go to ely , near a place that has a boat.What is the entrabnce fee ?|I found no records of an attraction involving boats near Ely. Would you like me to search for something else, or for boats in a different area?
Actually, the part of town doesn't matter. I'd just like to take a boat ride or look at some boats, please.|Riverboat Georgina is an excellent boat attraction in the north. Would you like the postcode and phone number?
Yes, please. Also, what is the entrance fee?|The Riverboat Georgina doesn't seem to have an entrance fee. Their postcode is cb41as, phone number 07807718591, and address 251a Chesterton Road. Do you need help with anything else?
No that will be all.|ok, perfect, have a great day
I'm looking for an expensive place to stay on the east side.|Okay, I have found a match. The Express by Holiday Inn in Cambridge. Would you like me to book a room?
Does it have free wifi?|Yes, it has internet would you like to book a room?
yes for 5 nights please.|What night and how many people are you needing this for?
I am needing this for Sunday for 5 people, if the booking fails could you please book for 4 nights.  Also can I have the reference number?|Yes, let me book that for you.
Thank you. What is the reference number? I'm also looking for places to go in town.|OK, you're all set. Your Reference number is : P16OTKFH.
Thanks. I am also looking for places to go in town. I would like to visit a museum in the east area. Can you make a recommendation?|I have 4 museums in the east.  May I suggest saint barnabas press gallery?  It's free admission.
Yes I think that will work, I need the postcode too.|Sure! The postcode is CB13EW. Is there anything else I can do for you?
Yeah,I;m high maintenance, lol.  Just a taxi from Saint Barnabas to the Express hotel.   I'll leave by 13:00|No problem at all.  I have you booked in a black Ford.  The contact number is 07805617119.  Anything else today?
That's all I need. Thanks!|I appreciate your help. Thanks again.
I'm looking for parks to visit in the south of Cambridge.|Wandlebury country park is popular among visitors. Would you like the address?
I just need the postcode, thanks.|The postcode is cb223ae. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, are there trains that run from London Liverpool Street to Cambridge?|Yes, there are! Would you like info on a particular day and time frame?
I would like to arrive by 09:15 on friday|I have a train that will arrive in cambridge at 9:07. Will that work for you?
That would be great, could you tell me the trainID?|The trainID is TR5936.
That's all I need.|Is there anything else I can help you with?
No that takes care of all the info I needed|Thank you and enjoy your stay in cambridge.
Hello, can you recommend any theatres in the Centre of town, please?|I really love The Cambridge Corn Exchange located on Wheeler Street.  I don't have admission information, but you can call them at 01223357851.
You don't have what it costs to get in? I need the entrance fee if you would please|I'm sorry we do not have the entrance fee, only the phone number which is 01223357851.
I also need a place to stay with free parking but internet isn't needed.|I have about 29 choices. Is there a certain price range or area you prefer?
Thank you! I don't care about the price range, but I would like to stay in the East part of town, please.|I like the Carolina Bed and Breakfast.  Can I get you information on it?
Sorry, my wife just said that we won't stay in a hotel with any less than 4 stars, do you have something that meets that criteria?|I don't have any 4 star hotels, but I do have several 4 star guesthouses. Carolina Bed and Breakfast is a 4 star guesthouse.
Is it in the east part of town|Yes, it is located on the east part of town. Would you like to book a room?
yes for 7 for 5 nights starting saturday, and I need the reference number too please|Ok.  I was to take care of that for you.  Your reference number is GURAZE8G.
Excellent, thank you for your help today! That will be all.|Glad to be of help! have a great day!
can i find a place to eat in the centre which is expensive?|sure, i have 33 options for you
Are there any mediterranean restaurants?|Yes, La Mimosa, and Shiraz Restaurant. Would you like to dine at one of those places?
I think I'd like to visit Shiraz Restaurant. Would you be able to book a table for 2 at 12:00 Wednesday?|You are all set, your reference number is VEDX7TAR, can I assist with anything else?
Yes, I am looking for a nightclub in the same area as the restaurant.|There are five nightclubs in the same area.  Your choices are Ballare, Club Salsa, Kambar, Soul Tree Nightclub, and The Fez Club. Is there anything else I can help with?
I would love Club Salsa, thanks! Can I please have the address and is there an entrance fee?|Sure, the address is 1 station road post code cb12jb. And there is an entrance fee of 5 pounds. Would you like a reservation?
Yes please, make one for me.|My apologies, but Club Salsa does not accept reservations. Can I help with anything else?
That is everything I need.|Have a wonderful time.
Can you help me find a train coming from cambridge leaving on thursday?|There are 202 trains departing Cambridge on Thursday. Where do you plan to head to that day?
I will be going to Leichester.|Yes I have many options. What time would you like to leave or arrive by?
I want to arrive by 21:30 if possible.|Train TR3255 is arriving at 21:06,is that okay for you?
That could work for me.|How many tickets please?
I don't need to make the reservation now. Thank you though. I would like the address for Cambridge Contemporary Art please.|The address for that is 6 trinity street.
thank you, that will be all. good bye.|Thanks for using our service today, glad I was able to assist you. Hope you have a great day.
I'm looking for a train to leicester on tuesday.|There are 19 trains going to Leicester Tuesday, where are you departing from and what time would you like to leave or arrive?
I'm leaving Cambridge and i need to be there by 16:15.|Ok, the TR1997 arrives at 16:06. Would you like to book that train?
I would, but I still need the departure time.|I have several departure times, when would work best for you?
When does TR1997  depart?|It departs at 14:21 from Cambridge
Yes, that's good.  I am also looking for the cambridge university botanic gardens.  Can you provide the entrance fee, phone number, and area please.|It's in the centre of town. Their phone number is 01223336265 and the entrance fee is 4 pounds. Can I help you with anything else?
No, thank you.|Okay well I hope you enjoy your stay.
I'm looking for places to go watch entertainment.|There are 5 entertainment venues in Cambridge. Do you have an area in mind?
I don't mind the area. can I get the address to one of them?|The Funky Fun House is amazing. I think you'll love it. Their address is 8 Mercers Row, Industrial Estate.
Thanks! I also need a train to Broxbourne on Thursday.|There are quite a few options. Do you have a preference for departure or arrival time?
Yes, I want to depart from Cambridge any time after 8:30.|TR2125 leaves a 09:01 and arrives by 10:01. Would you like a ticket?
Yes, please.  I need to book the train for 8 people.|Yes I was able to book that for you and your reservation number is 648C0A9S.
Fantastic, thank you very much. I don't need anything further today!|enjoy your stay in cambridge!
I am traveling to Cambridge and I'm excited about seeing the local tourist attractions.|Cambridge is a great place for that.  There are 79 total attractions, any type of attraction or area in mind?
Well first I'll need a place to stay. Are there any 4-star hotels in the west with free parking?|There are a few, do you know what price-range you are looking for?
Do those hotels have internet?|Yes, they all have free wifi.
I'm looking for a museum in centre.  What do you recommend?|We have dozens of museums here, but there are a few that are not free to enter, do you want to go to a free one?
I don't care about the entrance fee.  Can you recommend a good museum and give me the postcode and phone number?|Sure. I recommend the Museum of Archaeology and Anthropology. The phone number is 01223333516 and postcode is cb23dz. Can I help you with anything else?
I need a taxi from the museum please.|Please give me information on when you want to leave and arrive.
i want to leave the hotel by 12:15, get contact number and car type|I can help with that. First would you like to book a hotel?
Yes, please book it|There are 3 hotels in the west with free parking and 4 stars. What price range are you looking for?
I'm not looking for any particular price range.  I need the postcode and please let me know if they have internet?|Finches has wifi and a postcode of cb30nd
Ok. I'd like a taxi to take me from the hotel to the museum. I'd like to leave by 12:15.|Certainly.  I have you booked leaving the hotel at 12:15.  The vehicle is a Black Tesla and the contact number is 07302617458.
That sounds great. Thank you for your help.|Was that everything you needed today?
Yes, that's all. Have a nice day.|You as well! Thank you for choosing Cambridge TownInfo centre today.
I need a train that goes to leicester on sunday|TR2025 leaves at 05:21.  Do you need a ticket?
Yes as long as I arrive at my destination by 13:00.|The TR5767 will have you in Leicester at 12:06.
How long will the trip take?|That train leaves from Cambridge at 10:21, it takes an hour and forty-five minutes to get to Leicester.
That's good. Is there a park in the north part of town?|Yes, Milton Country Park is located in the north.
Can you get the address?|I'd be happy to help you with that. The address is milton country park, milton and the admission is free! Phone 01223420060, postcode cb46az. Will that be it for you today?
Can you help me find a place to go in the west section of town? I would like to go to an architecture attraction.|There are no matches for an architecture attraction in the west part of town. Would you like me to search another area?
What about a type of college?|magdalene college, clare hall, and churchill college are all colleges in the west with free entrance fees.
The churchill college is fine. Can I have the phone number please?|The phone number is 01223336233. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes. What is the postcode for Churchill College?|The postcode is cb30ds. Anything else I can assist you with?
No, that is all I needed. Thanks.|You're very welcome. Thank you and goodbye!
Can you find a theater to visit in town?|There are five theatres in Cambridge: ADC Theatre, Cambridge Arts Theatre, Mumford Theatre,  Cambridge Corn Exchange, and The Junction. What do you want to know about them?
I would like the address to the mumford theatre|it is at anglia ruskin enterprise, east road,cb11pt. can i give you their number?
No thanks. Just the phone number was enough. I am also sick of eating at the same chinese place all the time. Can you help me find another one to try?|We have many choices. What area would you like?
Yes, I'd like it to be in the centre. I'd love to eat expensive, Chinese food.|great, i've narrowed it down to four options for you
Pick the best one and book for a table of 4 at 18:00 on Monday.|Booked! The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Reference number: PBNBR9T7.
Great could you book me a taxi to get the restaurant by 18:00 from the hotel?|Which hotel are you staying in?
Sorry I just need to get to the restaurant from The Mumford Theatre.|Okay, you're all set. I've booked your taxi to the Sesame Restaurant. The car will be a black BMW and the contact number is 07576536594.
Thank you! That's all I need.|I'm happy we could help you today, and enjoy your time in Cambridge!
I am planning a trip and am looking for some places to go while I'm there.|There are many different kinds of attractions to visit while in town. Is there a specific area of type of attraction you'd like to visit?
I'm interested in architecture, and would like to find architectural attractions. Could you provide the areas too?|There are 5 architecture attractions in the centre. Can I make a recommendation?
Yes please, that could be nice.|Old schools is an architecture attraction in the centre of town with free entrance free.
Great! I'm also looking for a hotel, preferably on the east side of town. I won't need parking, but I do need free wifi. Do you have anything like that?|I do have one that should meet your needs. It is the Express by Holiday Inn Cambridge. It's a hotel in the east that is expensive with free parking and wifi.
Yes, this sounds wonderful.  Thank you very much.|Can I book it for you?
book it for 8 people and 3 nights starting from wednesday|Booked! Reference number: 1C8AUP81.
Awesome. Thanks. Goodbye.|Thank you. Goodbye.
I need directions to a good swimming pool in the south of Cambridge, can you give them to me?|Abbey pool and astroturf pitch is located in east area. Pool way, white hill road off newmarket road.  Would you like any other information?
I really need it to be in the south. If there is no swimming pool in the south, how about an entertainment venue?|Unfortunately there are no swimming attractions in the south. Entertainment wise there are 2 options, Nusha and Tenpin. Would you like more info on one of them?
Yes please send me the info.|No problem. For Nusha, the phone number is 01223902158 with a post code of cb17dy. For Tenpin, the phone number is 08715501010 with a post code of cb17dy.
I also need some help finding a place to eat while there. Can you help me with that?|Yes I can. What type of cuisine are you interested in?
I would like a spanish restaurant, preferrably cheap.|I'm sorry there's nothing that matches that in the south. Do you want me to search in a different area?
Is there anything matching that anywhere in the city?|None,would you like to try a different area ?
Try a different area other than the south. Please make sure it is cheap Spanish food.|There is one! La Raza is a cheap Spanish restaurant in city centre. It's a lovely place - would you like to make a reservation?
Yes, please book 4 people on tuesday at 14:30 and send me the reference number|I am sorry, I am unable to book that for you right now. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Can you try a booking for 13:30?|I'm sorry, I am unable to book it for that time either. Is there another time, or day I could try for you?
Is there another restaurant in that area?|There are no matches for spanish restaurants in that area another perhaps?
Look in another area. I want a spanish restaurant|I found la raza. Shall book it for you ?
Yes I would love that one.|I booked your table. The reference number is MN2VXHKR
I will also need a taxi booked to get me to the restaurant from the hotel please.|Do you mean from the entertainment attraction to the restaurant at 13:30? Or do you need help with a hotel?
Yes I want to be picked up at the attraction and arrive at the restaurant by my reservation time.|I booked you with a white honda taxi service. Their phone number is 07540747460.
Thank you for your help. That is all I need today.|Happy to help, please let us know if we can be of service in the future.
I would like to locate a particular hotel|I can help you with that. Which hotel are you looking for?
I am looking for lensfield hotel.|It is located at 53-57 Lensfield Road.
Can I get the postal code for that hotel?|The postcode is cb21en. Do you need anymore information?
I am also looking for an attraction called the kettle's yard.|Kettle's Yard is a museum in the west. Their phone is 01223748100. No entrance fee.
Can I have the address for kettle's Yard, please?|They are located at Castle Street.  Do you need anything else today?
I'd like to book a taxi from Kettle's Yard back to the hotel. I'd like to leave around 23:45.|A Grey Honda has been book to pick you up by 23:45 at Kettle's Yard and take you to The Lensfield Hotel. Is there anything further today?
Yes, can I have the contact number for the taxi, please?|The contact number for your taxi is 07210623485.  Anything else I can help you with today?
No, that's it. You have been most helpful. Goodbye.|It was my pleasure. Take care. Goodbye.
Hi, I'd like information for the restaurant called Travellers Rest please.|It is British Food that is expensive at Huntingdon Road City Centre.
What is the postcode of this restaurant?  Thanks!|The post code is cb30df. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes I would like information on jesus green outdoor pool also.|It is located in the north and the phone is 01223302579. The entrance fee is unknown. Can I help you with anything else?
That is all I need right now, thank you!|excellent, have a great day.
I'm looking for a 4 star hotel.|I have 21 4 star hotels, would you like to tell me more about your trip so I can help find the most suitable hotel for you?
I need free wifi and would like it to be moderately priced.  Thank you.|There are 11 hotels and guesthouses that offer free wifi and are moderately priced. Is there a particular part of town that you wish to stay in?
Of these 11, please give me the area and address of all those that offer free parking|North 154 chesterton road, North 82 arbury road, North 52 gilbert road, South 5 mowbray road, east, 138 perne road
Can you just pick a hotel for me with 4 stars that have free wifi in the moderate price range. I'll just need to know the area & address.|I have the Aylesbray Lodge Guest House located in the south. The address is 5 Mowbray Road. Is there any other information you need? I can help you with booking a room if you would like.
Maybe later. I'd love to find a place to go look at architecture in the east.|I am sorry there are no places to look at architecture in the east. Would you like me to check another area of town?
I'd like to check out the sports center. I need to call the venue to find out the cost of tickets to events.|The only sports center in the east is The Cherry Hinton Village Centre. The phone number is 01223576412. Would you like to know the address or postcode?
Yes, can I get the postcode and also the entrance fee?|cb19ej and unfortunately i am not sure what the entrance fee is
That's fine. I'd also like to book a taxi to get there, to depart by 20:15.|Where will you be leaving from?
You can book it from the Aylesbray.|I have booked your taxi and your contact number is 07276055179.  Be on the lookout for a white honda.
Great. Thank you very much for your help today. That is all.|Thank you for using this system.
I'm looking for a concerthall in the centre.|The place to go is the man on the moon.  Need a phone number?
No thanks. I'm actually looking for an address please.|The address is 2 norfolk street.
i'm also trying to catch a train on saturday.|Sure, I can help you with that.  What time were you wanting to leave around?
I would like to leave after 8:15.|Which stations will you be using?
Broxbourne and Cambridge.|Which will you be leaving from ?
I will be departing from Broxbourne.|One more question: What day will you be travelling?
On Saturday, please.|There are many trains getting to cambridge on saturday from broxbourne. Do you have a specific time you want to be there by?
The train should leave after 08:15.|We have trains running every hour from 08:32 to 23:32. I can get you on the TR2025	 that leaves at 10:32 if you'd like.
What is the price for the TR2025? And how long is the trip?|Please Provide me with this information, as I cannot travel without it.
I am still waiting on that information. Can I get the cost of the ticket and the travel time please!|Sorry about that, the TR2025 costs 14.32 pounds, and is a 60 minute trip. The TR9384 leaves earlier, at 8:32, and costs the same amount. Want me to book one?
No thank you! That will be all for today!|Thank you for using this system goodbye
i want to go to a park|Sure, there are a few.  What part of town do you prefer?
anywhere is fine. May I get a postcode ?|There are 5 different parks. Postcodes are CB21JF, CB18DW, CB46AZ, CB22AD, and CB223AE.
I'm also looking for a hotel to stay in. I need to make sure it's a hotel and not a guesthouse, with a star of 4.|I have three 4 star hotels. what are or price range do you prefer?
The price doesn't matter.  I do want it to be in the north area of town though.|I'm sorry, I don't have any 4 star hotels in the north. Would another area be ok, or should I check other star rating options?
Are there any 4 star guesthouses in the north available?|No, I'm afraid there aren't.
Could you look for something that isn't a guesthouse then?|There are no hotels that meet your requirements.
I guess I will take the guest house.|Okay, Do I need to book that for you?
Yes, please, for 6 people, for 4 nights, starting Wednesday.|I'm sorry, but I'm afraid we'll need to try different criteria. Would you be willing to change what part of town you stay in, or the star rating you need?
But I said I would take the guesthouse.|I'm so sorry about that.  You are booked at the Acorn Guest Lodge.  Reference number is : R68P0A12.
i aslo want to book a taxi to commute between the two places.|I'm sorry, but I don't think we determined which park you wanted to visit. Where will you be departing from?
the hotel by 14:45.|I'm sorry but there are no parks in the area of your hotel.
Yes, I am in the planning stages and could use some help finding some places to go in town.|Well we have many interesting things to see in Cambridge. Is there something specific you were looking for? Perhaps you'd like to visit some of our museums?
i need to see a theater in the center. find me the phone number|We have four theatres to pick from, I recommend the mumford theatre, they can be reached at 08451962320
I am also needing a place to stay with free parking and free wifi.|I would suggest the acorn guest house.
what is the price range?|It's moderate. Did you want to book?
Yes please, 4 people for 3 nights starting from friday.  I will need the reference number.|Okay, you got it. Booking was successful, and your reference number is VSC3P8W2.
Thank you so much!  That's all I need for the moment.|Have a pleasant day, goodbye.
Hi, I am looking to go somewhere that is in the Centre that is architecturally interesting.|the cambridge punter is a boat that looks fun in the centre of town.
How about an architecture attraction? Are there any of those in the centre of town?|Cambridge has several churches in the centre.  The architecture is amazing.  I would recommend Little Saint Mary's Church.
Can I get the address, phone number and postcode to Little St Mary? Also need swiss food nearby.|Of course, the address is little saint mary's lane. The post code is cb21qy and the phone number is 01223366202. What's your budget for the restaurant?
I don't have a price range in mind.|I am sorry I am not able to locate any swiss restaurants nearby. Is there another type of cuisine you would like to try?
How about modern european food, what is available?|Sorry there are no options anything else you would like to try.
What else is available?|Would you like another type of cuisine?
No thanks.  That will be all today.|Do you need a train, hotel or anything else while your in town?
no thats all, thanks|Thank you for contacting us have a nice day.
I'm looking to go to a park, can you suggest any?|There are 5 different parks in the city. What area of the city are you wanting to visit?
I would like one located in the centre of town if possible. May I please have the phone number?|I have the cambridge university botanic gardens. There phone number is 01223336265. Can I help you with anything else today?
I also want to eat at a cheap place in the center area.|I would suggest charlie chan
Do they serve Italian food?|No they serve Chinese food. Would you like me to search for Italian food?
Yes that would be great. I'd love for you to book me a table for 1 person at 18:45 on Saturday.|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.Reference number is : ZLQ7OVEV.
Thank you, that's all I need today.|Thank you; please consider us for your future travel needs.
I am looking for an attraction focused on architecture.|All Saints Church is located in the centre of town and has a free entrance fee. Would this suffice?
Can I get the postcode for it as well please?|The postcode is cb58bs
Thanks. Are there any guesthouses nearby? It's okay if it doesn't include internet.|The alpha-milton guest house is a guesthouse in the north area and is moderately priced. It does not have parking or internet. Would you like to book a room?
No. I need free parking and a 4 star rating. Would you possibly have a guesthouse with that.|Alexander Bed and Breakfast is in the same area as All Saints Church and is a guesthouse with 4 stars. It also has free parking and wifi.
That hotel sounds good to me. Thank you.|You're welcome and have a nice day!
I'm looking for entertainment in the centre.|Unfortunately there aren't any venues like that in the centre. There are some in other parts of town that might work for you, though. Do you want to hear about those?
Ok, do you have any information about boat attractions?|Were you looking at the riverboat or the camboats?
Either one is fine. I just want to attend some type of boat attraction.|There is the riverboat georgina in the north. Would you like their phone number?
Actually can I have the post code, address, and information about the entrance fee?|The post code is cb43ax and the address for it is cambridge passenger cruisers at jubilee house. I don't have fee information but I could get you their phone number.
No thank you, I do need to find a train going to Cambridge though.|Where will you be leaving from and what day would you like to travel?
The train should leave on friday and should depart from leicester.|There are 19 available trains on Friday, when would you like to leave?
I'd like to arrive by 18:45 please.|We have the TR7878 which leaves at 16:09 and arrives at 17:54, would you like me to book you a ticket?
Yes, please book 8 seats on TR7878 leaving from leicester to cambridge on friday at 16:09.  can I have a reference number please?|Yes, the reference number is O3MYNURT. The fee is 302.39 GBP and you can pay at the station.  Is there anything else?
No, that is all.|Great. Have a wonderful trip!
Hello, I need a train, please.|please tell me your destination and the time you wish to arrive.
I need to leave on friday after 9:15|Where are you departing from and where are you going?
I am departing from cambridge and going to stansted airport.|I have train TR2048 departing Cambridge at 9:40 and arriving at 10:08. Would you like me to book this for you?
What is the price and travel time?|The price is 10.10 pounds and the duration is 28 minutes.
Sounds good. Now I'm looking to go to a particular attraction called Kambar, it's in the area, right?|Kambar is a nightclub that is located in the centre area. It has a 5 pounds entrance fee.
Ok, what was the address for that place?|The address for Kambar is 1 Wheeler Street.
Alright, thank you, that should be all for today.|It was a pleasure to help you. Have fun.
You've been very helpful, good day|Good day to you too.
What types of colleges are there around the centre|I have 13 colleges to choose from. May I suggest christ's college?
That is perfect, can I get the postcode please?|Christ's college's postcode is cb23bu. Would you also like their phone number or address?
can you tell me where  restaurant alimentum is|Yes, it serves modern european cuisine and is located in the south area, would you like me to book you?
Yes please, I need a table for 3 people at 16:45 on Wednesday.|Your reservation is all set, ref# E60EWJ8S. Is there anything else we can help you with today?
I will also need a taxi, from the college to the restaurant.|I can definitely help you with that! I assume you would like to make it in time for that reservation, right?
Yes, I would.  Can you give me the contact number and car type when you book that, please?|All set! Your car is a blue ford and the contact number is 07068268863.
Thank you so much. Goodbye!|You're welcome. Enjoy!
I am looking for a hotel with free parking in the North.|There are 11 places meeting your needs. Do you prefer a guest house or a hotel? Also, do you have a price range in mind?
A hotel and it needs to have free parking.|There are only two hotels that fit your needs. They are the Ashley Hotel and Lovell Lodge. Would you like to book a room with either of these?
I'm sorry.  Can you try a guesthouse?  Still north w/free parking.  Thanks and sorry!|The guesthouses in that area range from cheap to moderate in price. I recommend the Archway House, with 4 stars.
Perfect, please book that for 1 person, 2 nights, starting on friday.|That booking was unsuccessful, perhaps a shorter stay? Or a different place?
Let's try just one night then.|Excellent.  You are booked- Reference ALKK8MTG.  Anything else I can help you with?
I am looking for a multiple sports event. Can you find one for me?|Sure the only one in town is in the east and is the cherry hinton village centre. Would you like their phone number?
Actually, I wanted to stay in the centre.  Can you see if there is something there?|There is not a multiple sports event there,  but there are 4 theatres and one swimming pool.
Are there any colleges? If so, can you choose the best one and give me the address, postcode, and entrance fee?|There are a number of colleges in centre city, I would recommend Downing College on Regent Street, cb21dq, the entrance is free!
Terrific.  I would like to book a taxi between the two places.|Sure!  Can you confirm your departure and arrival locations and a time frame, please?
I want want to leave the hotel by 02:45.|The Booking completed!
Booked car type	:	yellow toyota
Contact number	:	07736257134
can i get a place to go which is a collage?|I can help.  What part of town are you looking to spend time in?
No place in particular, might you suggest one for me please and give me the postcode|queens' college is in the west and has the poccode cb39et
please also find me information about  warkworth house|Warkworth house is a moderately priced, 4 star guesthouse located in the east end. Would you like to book a stay?
Yeah , 2 people 3 nights on tuesday, I am taking the wife out for a surprise trip.|Oh! What a wonderful surprise! I've booked a room for three nights for the two of you at Warkworth House beginning Tuesday. Your reference number is QHYB953G.
Thank you very much. I think that's all I need today.|So glad we could be of service. Thank you for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre, and I hope your wife enjoys her surprise trip!
I'm looking for a hotel, is that something you help with?|There are 33 hotels, is there a specific area you are looking for?
I'm looking for somewhere classy and expensive, where they don't skimp on amenities like free wifi. Are there any like that?|We have five hotels that meet that criteria. Are you looking for one in a particular area?
Are any of them guesthouses?  I would prefer a guesthouse.|No, they're all hotels. Would you like me to try a different price range?
Yes please, could you try finding me a guesthouse in a moderate price range?|There are no expensive guest houses.
I would settle for a moderate price ranged one.|There are some in the north and one in the east.  Does either option sound better?
moderately priced with a 4 star rating. For 4 people for 5 nights on thursday.|Do you want a hotel in the north or east?
It doesn't matter. Whichever one you think is best.|How does acorn guest house sound? They're on 154 chesterton rd and you'd get free parking, too.
Okay great! Can you please book a reservation for 4 people for 5 nights starting on Thursday?|Done! Your reference number is 1CD4LZ9R. Do you need assistance with anything else today?
No that was all I needed thanks so much for your help.|Thank you for contacting us, have a nice day.
I am planning a trip in Cambridge.|I can help you with travel, restaurants, attractions and places to stay.
I'm looking for a train on Thursday that need to arrive by 19:15.  I'll be leaving Cambridge and heading to Kings Lynn.  Can you help?|the latest a train reaches your station is 05:58. can i book it for you?
Yes, please. I need tickets for 7 people.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 68.6 GBP payable at the station .
Reference number is : 7E54PFPZ.
I'm also looking for a recommended attraction in the centre. I don't care what type it is.|There's Holy Trinity Church on market street in the centre, the architecture is amazing and entrance is free. Is there anything else you'd like to know about it?
I only needed the train.|All right then.  Thanks so much for calling.  If you think of anything else, please don't hesitate to call us back.
Thank you, goodbye.|enjoy your stay in cambridge
Yeah, I'm going to be looking for some british food.|There are several restaurants close to your location, how about one called, restaurant one seven? The restaurant is located on De Vere Univeristy Arms Regent Street City Centre.
Are any of those options located in the centre of town?|Yes, Restaurant One Seven is located in the centre of town, as are 4 other restaurants with British food.
Is it expensive? I'd like to really paint the town red!|It is in a moderate price range.
Is there a restaurant in the Centre that serves British food and is in the expensive price range?|Yes, there are 3 - Fitzbillies Restaurant, The Cambridge Chop House, and Midsummer House Restaurant. My favorite is Midsummer House Restaurant - utterly decadent! May I reserve a table for you?
Yes. Reserve a table for 1 person at 16:30 on Tuesday.|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : LIF9IWL5. Anything else.
Yes, i'm looking for places to go in the same town as the restaurant, any ideas and may I know the entrance fee, if there is one please?|There are 44 attractions in your area. Can you let me know what type of attraction you are interested in.
Any type is fine, so please list all 44 attractions.|all saints church is a great place. Would you like to know more ?
Just whether or not they have an entrance fee.|No it's free to enter, anything else?
Just a taxi to get me from the church to the restaurant by the reservation time.|Great. I was able to book your ride for you. Your driver will be in a yellow Volvo and you can reach them at 07341534913.
Cool, thank you! I won't be needing anything else. Have a good day!|Great, I hope you have a lovely time in town!
Can you give me information about the museum of classical archaeology?|The museum is located on Sidgwick Avenue in the west and it is free to get in. Do you need any other information?
Yes I need the phone number.|The phone number is 01223335153.
Thank you! Can you help me find a place to stay while I am there?|Yes what area are you looking to stay in?
The south part of town,please|We have 4 options, any other preferences to help narrow things down?
I would like a star of 4, free parking and free wifi.|We are showing to guest houses in the south area. Do you have a price preference?
No, I don't care about the price of the place.|the aylesbray lodge guest house is moderately priced and is located at 5 mowbray road. would you like me to make a reserevation?
Yes.  I would like to make a reservation for 8 for Friday.|i want to confirm this, do i book for 1 person?
book for two|I have your booking completed and your reference number is: Z38G5W6W. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I actually needed a room for 8 and 4 nights starting from Friday.|Okay I've fixed your reservation and the reference number is XTX3KFP2. Is there anything else you need?
Nope, that's it!  Thank you so much.|You are welcome, have a great day.
I'm looking for a cheap portuguese restaurant|Nandos in the South and Nandos City Centre in Centre meet that criteria.  Would you like more information on either of these?
Yes, could I get the location and the phone number please.|Do you want the information on Nandos in the south or the Nandos City Centre?
I prefer the Nandos in the City Center. Also, I need information about museums or art galleries in the west.|Nandos' number is 01223327908. There are several museums in the west. I've heard that Cafe Jello Gallery has some lovely pieces. Or would you like to hear about the others?
Yes, I am looking to kill some time in town. Are there any museums on the west side?|Yes, Cafe Jello Gallery fits that bill. Admission is free and it is located at Cafe Jello Gallery, 13 Magdalene Street.  There are others in the area as well.
Thank you. What is the post code for Cafe Jello Gallery?|Their postcode is cb30af.
Great I also need to get a taxi between the two places.|Okay.  Which site will you need to be picked up from, and what is your timeframe?
I would like to leave the restaurant by 04:00.|I have booked the taxi for you picking you up at 04:00 at nandos going to the cafe jello gallery. Look out for a grey toyota.
Can I get a contact number at least?|The contact number is 07107662669.
Thank you, that should be all for today.|Thank you for using the service, have a good day.
Please find a park in the north.|Sure, there is Milton Country Park in the north.  What would you like to know about it?
Could I get the postcode, address and entrance fee for that location, please?|The address is milton country park, milton, the postcode is cb46az and it is totally free to enter.  Can I assist you further today?
Thanks.  I also need an expensive restaurant.  Do you know of any Asian Oriental places?|We have two such places in the center and North of town. Do you have a preference?
I'd like the one in the north, please?|okay, would you like me to book that for you
no, just their phone number and address please|Kymmoy's phone number is 01223311911 and the address is 52 Mill Road City Centre.
Now I would like to book a taxi to commute between those two locations.|Sure, I can help you with that. When would you like to leave the park?
I'd like to leave at 21:30. I'll need the contact number and car type, please?|Your Booking is complete the car type is a blue volkswagen and Contact number is 07433449642.
May i assist you with something else?
I'm looking for places to go in Cambridge. I want to go somewhere in the south, and I want it to be a museum.|Would you be interested in Byard Art? It is located at 14 king's parade, cb21sj, and you can contact them at 01223464646. Do you need anything else?
What is the entrance fee for that?|It's free! Anything else I could help you with?
Oh cool!  What is the postcode for that please?|The post code for the byard art museum is cb21sj.  Have fun!
Hi, I am looking for information in Cambridge.  I'll be coming in the next few weeks.|What sort of information do you need?
We are visiting and hoping to find some great entertainment in the area.|There are a few, do you have a certain area in mind?
It should be in the centre, , how about one that is in the type of architecture|The Centre has some wonderful architecture. There are several options that do not charge an entrance fee and one that charges 2 pounds. Do you have a preference?
Not really. What's the address and postcode for your favorite one?|great saint mary's church is at market square
What about the post code?|The post code is cb23pq. Anything else?
I need a place to stay - a guesthouse, I think. Perhaps in the north?|Is there a price range you'd like? There are many moderate prices guesthouse, and 2 cheap ones.
I'd prefer the moderate one, what is the name of it?  I will need a reservation for 7 people for 2 nights starting Wednesday.|DO you need free wifi or parking?
No those dont matter to me.|There are actually 9 guesthouses on the north that are moderately priced. Would you like me to select one?
Yes please. I need it for 7 people, 2 nights and starting from Wednesday.|I will work on booking this for you and be back with you shortly.
Thank you! When you are done I will need the reference number.|Booking was successful at the Avalon.  Your reference number is : 0BMY3Z94. Can I help you with anything else?
That will be l for now, thank you very much|You're welcome, have a good day.
Hi there. Can you assist me in finding a park in Cambridge?|Yes. I have five parks. Is there a particular area you are looking in?
Are there any in the east part of town?|Cherry hinton water play is in the east area. Would you like the address?
I don't need the address, but could I get a phone number?|Yes their telephone number is 01223446100. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Yes could you make me a reservation there for 8 people at 13:45 on Sunday? I will need a reference number as well.|I'm sorry, there must be some confusion.  I am unable to make a reservation at a park.  Were you looking for something else?
Sorry, I'd like to make a reservation for 8 people at the Pizza Hut Cherry Hinton for 13:45 on Sunday.  I need a reference number, too.|I have confirmed your reservation for Sunday at 13:45. Your reference number is ECMLT2OE.  Do you need help with anything else?
That should be everything, thank you for your help today!|You are welcome. Thank you for contacting Cambridge Towninfo Centre.
Hi, I'm coming into town and looking for some things to do and places to go on the south side of Cambridge.  Do you have any suggestions?|There are several interesting things to do in that part of town.  How about a park?
Sure a park would be great!  Can you provide a phone number and address please?|I have wandlebury country park located at wandlebury ring, gog magog hills, babraham postcode cb223a.  The phone number is 01223243830.
First of all, I need a train to get there from london kings cross. Can you help find one?|I have a lot of trains heading into Cambridge, do you know what day and time you'll be traveling?
I'll be leaving on Thursday and I need to arrive by 21:30.|what time do you need to leave by?
Anytime that gets me in by 21:30|TR2512 will get you there by 14:08.  Do you need me to book seats for you?
Yes, please, for 6 people!|Okay I booked it reference number is R4UEAGTZ.
Thanks for your help today!|you are welcome, enjoy your stay.
I am happy this is the end|All right. Have a nice day. Good bye.
Please find a place to eat that serves Korean in the west.|There are no korean restaurants in the west. Can I try another search for you?
really? it should be in the expensive price range.|Yes really, the machine never lies.  We have 9 expensive places to pick from, no korean but indian and thai are available, any preference?
I would definitely like some Indian food right about now.|There are 5 expensive restaurants in the west part of town serving indian food.
Can you recommend one and provide me with their address?|Of course! I'd recommend the Rice Boat restaurant. The phone number is 01223302800. Can I help you with anything else?
I also need a place to go near the restaurant.|There are 13 entries for attractions in the west. What kind are you interested in?
Are there any museums in the area?|Yes, there are 7 different museums in the west. If I may, might I suggest Kettle's Yard. They offer free admission as well.
I like free!  Do you have the address so I can find it on the map?|It's located on castle street. cb30aq is the postcode.
Thanks. May I also go backwards and get the postcode and address for the Rice Boat restaurant, before arranging for a taxi?|Not a problem. The postcode is cb39ey.
I would also like a taxi that leaves the attraction by 9:00.|Your car type is a yellow bmw and its contact number is 07512121849. Is there anything else?
There is nothing else. That is all for today.|Thank you for calling. Please reach out if you have anything else we can assist with. Have a great day. Goodbye.
I'm looking for a place to go in the centre.|How about All Saints Church?
Do you have a college to recommend instead?|Christ's College looks good, it's in the city centre and has a free entrance fee.
Can you give me their phone number and postcode?|Sure!  The phone number is 01223334900 and the postcode is cb23bu.  Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Yes, I also need a train leaving on Monday.|Can you tell me where you will be departing from and heading to, please?
From stevenage to cambridge please|Is there a time you would like to leave by or arrive by?
I will be leaving from Stevenage and heading for Cambridge.|I would recommend the train that leaves at 13:54. Would you like me to book that?
What is the price of this particular train?|It is 12.80 pounds.
Does that train arrive by 17:00?|Yes, it arrives at 14:43
Thank you, that will be all.|Alright, just to confirm you do not need me to book you for the train?
No, thank you. That will be all. Thanks!|Thank you and goodbye
do you have information about attractions in the west?|I have 13 entries for attractions in the west. Do you have a type of attraction you're interested in?
I don't care as long as it is in the west.|I recommend queens' college that is located in the West. Their address is silver street.
What attraction type is that? I am also interested in finding a restaurant in the west as well.|It is a college, the admission fee is 2.50 pounds.  What type of cuisine would you like to dine on in the west?
i would love indian food, preferable in the expensive price range.|I have many in that price range. Would you like me to choose for you?
yes reserve a table for 1 at 19:30 on sunday please|I booked you at the Tandoori Palace and your reference is LP0O0N8L.
That's everything I need. Thank you for helping me.|Thank you for using our service today.
I need a place to stay. It needs to have free parking.|the acorn guest house is a guesthouse located in the north in the moderate price range, interested in that one?
Is there any 4 star hotels in the east?|There are 3: huntington marriott hotel, the cambridge belfry, and university arms hotel
It doesn't have to be a hotel. I just need something with a 4 star rating with free parking.|May I recommend the Acorn Guesthouse? It's in the north and moderately priced.
I suppose that works, I need to book it for 2 nights starting from Thursday, for 4 people.|It looks like I can't book that at this time, would you like to change your day, or try a different length?
Actually, can you look for a guesthouse with the same specifications?|i could book for you arbury lodge guesthouse
Can you find me a spot to stay with free parking and a 4 star rating?|The Archway House is a four star hotel with free parking. Will that work?
Is it a guesthouse and in the moderate price range?|Yes it's a moderately priced guesthouse located in the north. Would you like me to book you a room?
No but I do need the phone number and address.|Sure, the address is 52 gilbert road and the phone number is 01223575314. Can I help you with anything else?
I also need the name of a swimmingpool in town.|I have 4 different swimming pools in town. Is there an area of town you'd like one in?
I have no preference.  Can you pick one for me?  I'll need the postcode and phone number please.|parkside pools is located in the centre. The phone number is 01223446100 and the postcode is cb11ly.
Thanks. Can you get me a taxi between the guesthouse and the swimming pool please?|What time would you like the taxi?
I want to leave the hotel at 23:15, a midnight swim would hit the spot.|Booking completed!
Booked car type	:	black volvo
Contact number	:	07411725780
That is all I need.|Can I look up anything else for you?
No that's all, thank you.|Have a nice day.
I wanted to find out about local restaurants in Cambridge.|kindly be more specific
it is called parkside pools. find me their post code.|I cannot locate the restaurant you are speaking of.
I am sorry, i'm looking for a attraction called parkside pools not a restaurant. Do you have their postcode?|their post code is cb11ly
I also need an expensive place to dine in the mid of town.|There are 33 restaurants with your requirements. What type of food do you feel like eating?
I would like Italian food, if possible.|I'd recommend clowns cafe. Would you like reservations?
that will be ok once you find the restaurant book a table for 6 people|I would be more than elated to book a table for you, but what day and time would you like it for?
I need the table for Tuesday at 14:45, but if for some reason Tuesday doesn't work Sunday is also acceptable.  I will need the reference number as well.|01223355711 is your reference number. May i help you with anything else?
No, that was everything. Thank you!|Thank you for contacting us. Have a great day!
Can you recommend some attractions to go to on the west side of town?|Sure thing!  We have 13 attractions that you may like.  Do you have anything in particular in mind?
No. Just pick something and give me the address.|Okay. I recommend Churchill College at Storey's Way. Their postcode is cb30ds and their admission is free.
Okay, thanks.  I also need a train leaving on Sunday going to Bishops Stortford.|TR6572 leaves for Bishops stortford at 05:29
Could you find me a train that leaves after 08:30 and departs from cambridge?|Yes, TR9904 leaves at 09:29.  Would you like me to book that for you?
Yes, for 6 people please.|I was able to book that for you.  The total fee is 48.48 GBP payable at the station.
The reference number is 2UOR5O12.
Thank you that was all I needed today|You are welcome. Thank you for using our service. Goodbye!
I am looking for a chinese restaurant. I want a place that is expensive and classy.|I have 9 expensive chinese restaurants. Is there a certain area of town you would like?
Nope. Pick the place with the most stars, and give me the address and postcode.|Yu Garden is an expensive Chinese restaurant located on the east side of town. Would you like the address for this one?
Yes I would like the address and the postcode please.|The address for yu garden is 529 Newmarket Road Fen Ditton, postcode cb58pa. Would you like me to book this restaurant for you?
Not right now. Could you please pick an attraction in the centre of town and give me the name and type of attraction?|Sure! Hughes Hall is an excellent free college attraction. Would you like more information?
Great, can I get a taxi from Hughes Hall at 15:30 going to yu garden  please.|yes I will order that for you.
Yes, I am looking to book a train to Cambridge this Thursday.|There are a number of trains to Cambridge. What is your departure location please?
I will be departing from Leicester. I need to reach Cambridge by 21:45.|Train TR8530 leaves Leicester at 19:09 and arrives in Cambridge at 20:54.  Does that sound good?
Yes, I will also need the price please.|Sure. The price is 37.80 pounds and the ID is TR8530.
Great thanks and I'm also looking for places to go in town which should be in the centre. Can you please help?|The all saints Church is free
That sounds interesting; can you suggest something else?|How about cambridge contemporary art, they are also free.
Sure, could you provide me the address for that?|The address is 6 saint edward's passage. Is there anything else I can help with?
No, I have everything I need.|Great. Have a great day.
I need a train for Sunday please. I prefer one that arrives by 20:15|We have a lot of those!  Where is your destination?
I'm heading to Birmingham New Street.|TR2631 arrives by 19:44. Does that work for you?
Yes, that would be fine. I'll need the price, train ID, and departure time, please?|The train will depart Cambridge at 17:01 and the price is 60.08 pounds.
I would also like to find a nice concerthall in the middle of town.|The concerthall in the centre of town is The Man on the Moon located at 2 Norfolk Street.
Thank you for your help. That's exactly what I needed today. Goodbye.|You are so welcome, it was my pleasure! Goodbye for now!
i need a place to stay|Okay, what area would you like to stay in and what is your price range?
I am looking for a 4 star guesthouse with free parking in the expensive range.|I'm sorry I don't have anything that matches that criteria.
Okay. Do you have anything matching that description in the moderate price range instead?|Yes, I have 9 options for you!
Can you suggest one and make me a booking for 5 people for 5 nights starting from Sunday?|Sure, your all set for the acorn house, your confirmation number is C9BFUP76. Anything else today?
I would like something fun to do in the middle of town.|Club Salsa is a fun nightclub in city centre. The address is 1 station road. Is this the type if attraction you were interested in?
I'm actually looking for a place that's considered an entertainment venue.|I'm sorry. There are no entertainment attractions in the centre. Is there another area I can look at for you?
How about a college instead?|There are 13 colleges to visit in the city centre. If I may recommend something, Gonville and Caius College is quite lovely this time of year, and their entrance fee is free.
Great. Can you get me a taxi to the college.|Sure, are you wanting to depart from Club Salsa? When do you want to arrive by?
I want to leave from the college by 21:45.|a yellow lexus will be picking you up the contact number is 07394743524, anything else today?
No, that'll be it for me. Bye|Okay, goodbye and have a great day
I'm looking for a cheap hotel with free parking.|I have the cambridge belfry hotel located in the west side that has a 4 star rating.  Can I make reservations for you?
Doe it have free wifi?|Yes it does . Would you like a room booked?
Not at this time, can you give me the postcode?|The postcode is cb236bw. Can I help you with anything else today?
Yes, I also need information on colleges to see in the west please.|sure, there are five in that area.
I need the address and postcode of one you recommend.|The churchill college is located at storey's way and the postcode is cb30ds. Can I help with anything else?
Yes, please. I also want to book a taxi to commute between the two places.|Sure. What time do you want to leave and arrive by?
I want to go from the Churchill College to Cambridge Belfry. I want to leave the college by 01:45.|Your booking has been completed from Churchill College to Cambridge Belfry. The taxi will be a yellow bmw and the contact number is 07976361000.
I want to find some good places to go in the centre of town.|There are 44 attractions in the centre of town. What kind of attraction do you want to visit?
It doesn't really matter. What's your recommendation?|Holy Trinity Church is popular for its architecture. Christ's College finds people touring the campus. Or, Cambridge Contemporary Art is a free museum. Any of those interest you?
Cambridge Contemporary Art, what's their post code?|The post code is CB21SU. Do you need anything else?
Thank you for your help!|My pleasure! Have a good day!
I am looking for the university arms hotel please.|Yes the University Arms hotel is located in the Centre.  Would you like me to book it for you?
Not now, I just need the address and also to know whether there is free parking.|There is a parking for the hotel, we will be happy to take your reservation at your earliest convenience.
Could you please give me the address of the hotel?|Their address is Regent Street. What else can I help you with?
Thats great thanks.  I am also looking for a college in the centre to visit- can you make a recommendation?|Sure. Christ's college is a nice, free attraction. Would you like the phone number?
Yes, as long as it is in the Centre.  Could I also get the postcode?|The post code is cb23bu and contact number is 01223334900.  Anything else I can assist with?
Yes, could you book a taxi for me between the hotel and the college? I want to leave the college by 3:30|I've booked a taxi for you, it's a grey volkswagen and the contact number is 07148390604.
Great, that's all I needed.|Thank you for contacting Cambridge TownInfo centre. Goodbye!
I'm looking for a very nice place to dine. Something expensive.|We have many excellent and expensive restaurants. Is there a type of cuisine you'd prefer?
Not exactly. However I would like to have the phone number, address, and postal codes for the top 5 restaurants in the north.|We have Saigon City, offering Asian Oriental cuisine. Phone: 01223356555 address: 169 High Street Chesterton, and postcode: cb41nl.
Great I also am looking for an attraction called club salsa.|I found the place you are looking for! Club Salsa is located at 1 station road. Would you like help with anything else?
Yes I also will need the entrance fee for Club Salsa, and what type of attraction is that?|Club Salsa is a nightclub, entrance fee is 5 pounds. Anything else I can assist you with?
Great, thank you!  I also need a taxi that can take me from the restaurant to the nightclub. I want to leave by 11:30.|Taxi has been booked, a white audi will be picking you up at the restaurant, contact number is 0735045835.  Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, that's all I need, you've been a great help!|Thank you for calling Cambridge TownInfo Centre.  Please call us back if you have any other questions!
I am looking for a hotel in cambridge that includes free parking and wifi can you help?|There are 29 options. Would you like a recommendation, or do you wish to narrow the search?
How about ones with four stars as well? Does that narrow it down any more?|There are 19 hotels available in the 4 star range. Is there a specific area or price you would like?
Not really, just select one and book it for four people staying four nights froms Tuesday.|I am sorry but I need more information from you. Which area and pricerange do you prefer?
The price doesn't matter to me. I'll be looking for places to visit in the centre, so if one is located there, that's fine.|Okay, I have a cheap guesthouse in the center, and and expensive hotel as well. They both have 4 stars, which one sounds best?
The cheap one is fine. Book it for 4 people for 4 nights starting Tuesday|I have successfully booked a 4 night stay at the alexander bed and breakfast, your reference number is 8BHSGT90.
I would also like to visit an attraction.  I would like to find a college in the centre.|Might I recommend Downing College which has free admission and is located on Regent Street with postcode cb21dq.
Could you get me a phone number for Downing College please?|Their phone number is 01223334860. Can I help you with anything else?
That is all, thank you.|Would you like for me to search for something else.
Can you help me find a cheap restaurant in the south that serves Chinese?|Yes, there's a restaurant called The Lucky Star and is on Cambridge Leisure Park Clifton Way Cherry Hinton. Their phone number is 01223244277.
Thanks so much for your help do you know if I need to make a reservation?|I can make a reservation for you. Do you know what day?
Can you reserve a table for just 1 person on Saturday at 13:45?|Yes I can, your reference number for that booking is IIRB479M. Is there anything else I can do?
i'm also looking for some places to go in town.|Byard Art is a great place. They are located at 14 King's Parade and their number is 01223464646. Their is no entrance fee.
Is this a theatre or museum?|Byard Art is a museum. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Actually, can we see if there are any theaters to visit in the area?|yes, there's a theater called The Junction on Clifton Way.
Great! Can I have the postcode please?|The postcode is cb17gx. Do you need help with anything else?
That is all I needed thank you for your help.|Glad to have been of help. We're here if you need anything else. Thanks for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Have a great day.
Hello, I am traveling to cambridge and would like to find a place to eat. I want it in the centre of town, in the cheap range.|We have 15 inexpensive places to dine in the center of town. Is there any particular cuisine you'd like?
That's great! Can you see if one of them serves portuguese food, please?|The nandos city centre serves portuguese. Would you like me to book a table for you?
Yes, please. Book it for 8 people on saturday 14:30.|cBooking was unsuccessful. Can we try another day or time slot?
Sure how about a booking at 13:30?|You are all set for 13:30, the reference number is 0AH6HXGL and the table will be reserved for 15 minutes, anything else that I can assist with?
Yes, I am also looking for places to go in town in the same area as the restaurant.|How about castle galleries? It's a museum in the centre of town.
Yes, may I have the address and the phone number?|The address is unit su43,grande arcade, saint andrews street
I will also need to book a taxi for commuting between the restaurant and museum.|Okay, what time would you like to depart or arrive?
I would like the taxi arrives at the restaurant by 13:30. Also could you provide me with the phone number for Castle Galleries?|Yes, it is 01223307402. Anything else today?
I need the contact number and car type for the taxi please.|Sure. The car is a red volkswagen and the contact number is 07422508366
Excellent. Thank you for your help.|No problem.  Is there anything else you need?
I think I'm good, thanks!|You're welcome! Have a good day!
No, that should be all.  Goodbye!|Thank you for using Cambridge TownInfo centre! Goodbye!
I am looking for something to do on the north side of town.|You could check out the riverboat georgina, located with the cambridge passenger cruisers at the jubilee house.
Sounds good. What's the address?|The address is cambridge passenger cruisers, jubilee house.
Also, can you find me a place to stay, in moderate price and includes free wifi?|There are 17 offerings. What part of town are you interested in?
The part of town doesn't matter, and I don't need free parking.  Which would you recommend?|Is there a price range you would like to look for?
Moderate price range.|The acorn guest house is nice. Would you like to book a reservation there?
I don't need a reservation right now. Just the address, postcode, and number of stars for that hotel, please.|Sure. The address is 154 Chesterton Road, the phone number is 01223353888 and it is a 4 star hotel. Anything else I can help with?
Very well. I also want to book a taxi to take me there, to leave by 10:15.|OK, I have a grey Volvo picking you up at the riverboat georgina and heading to the acorn guest house at 10:15. The contact number is 07727986161. Will that be all?
yes, that is all good bye|Thank you, and have a great day!
I am looking for a park to go visit.|There are 5 parks here in Cambridge, did you have a particular area of town you'd like?
No, not really, do you think you could recommend one?|Yes. Cherry hinton water play is located in the east. Would you like anymore information?
Yes. Can I please have the phone number and address?|Certainly. The park is located at Cherry Hinton Hall, Cherry Hinton Road. The phone number is 01223446100. What else can I do for you?
I am also looking for a four star hotel in the south.|There are no four star hotels in the area, could I look somewhere else or another star rating?
Are there any four star guesthouses in the South?|There are no four star guesthouses in the South. Is there a different type of four star guesthouses that you are looking for?
How about just any guesthouse in the south, then?|There are two guesthouses that meet your criteria. Would you rather have something in the price range of moderate or cheap?
I guess moderate would be better.|I would recommend the Aylesbray Lodge guest house. It's moderately priced and located in the south with free wifi and parking. Would you like assistance booking there?
OK. Yes, can you book the hotel?|Of course. I just need to know your arrival day, how many nights you'll be staying, and the number of people.
It doesn't matter. None of those matter.|I apologize but it in order to assist you with booking I would need to know how many in your party and the day and length of your stay.
I don't need to book a room. I just need the phone number, postcode and price range of the guesthouse you found.|Sure, aylesbray lodge guest house phone number 01223240089, postcode cb17sr and price range moderate.
Can I also book a taxi with you to leave that hotel at 23:30 going to the attraction we discussed?|I have confirmed your taxi, a blue audi will be picking you up. Their contact number is 07496908373. Can I help with anything else?
No that is all, you have answered all my questions|I'm glad we could be of service. Have a nice day.
I hope you have a nice day as well.|Thank you, enjoy your stay in Cambridge.
I am looking for a train that leaves on Tuesday at  08:45|There are 325 matches for your search. Would you like to narrow down your selection by specifying a departure site or destination?
I am looking to go to cambridge from bishops stortford.|How many tickets do you need?
I need 2 tickets. Can you tell me when the 8:45 train will arrive in Bishops Stortford?|The train will arrive by 10:07.
Great! I'm also looking for a boat type of attraction in town. Is there anything like that?|What are would you like to look in ?
Any area of town is OK, I just need a phone number, please.|The phone number of camboats is 01223902112
Great, I think that's all I need. Thank you.|You are most welcome!
Hi I am looking to go see a college while in Cambridge.  Can you tell me about any of them?|I'd be happy to. Any preference on location?
Nope, just tell me the area where your favorite is located, and I'll check it out!|How about Churchill College? It's in the West.
That sounds perfect. Thanks so much!|It's located on Storey's Way.  Do you need any more info on it?
No, I am familiar with the area.  Thanks for your help.  Bye.|Okay, enjoy your visit! Bye.
looking for places to go in town and be in the South|What type of attraction are you looking for?
The attraction should be in the south.|how about nusha? it's located in the south.
What's the entrance fee?|Unfortunately, Nusha has not provided any information on entrance fees. I can seek other options, if you'd like.
then find me a particular hotel called cityroomz|There is a hotel called Cityroomz in centre located at Sleeperz Hotel, station road. Would you like me to book it for you?
Yes, please book it.|When will you start your stay?
I need it for Thursday night, for four nights, for 4 people.  I'll also need a taxi by 10:15.  I need the car type and contact number please.|Booking was successful.
Reference number is : Y3CFU8WN.
Thank you. I'd also like to book a taxi. I need to leave the hotel by 10:15.|Booked car type	:	white toyota
Contact number	:	07264671188   All set.  What else can I help with today?
I think I got everything I need thanks to you!|Well, you are very welcome.  I hope you have a great time!
Hi I'm looking for a train that goes to Cambridge and it should leave on Wednesday and arrrive by 10:15.|Where are you going to depart from?
I am departing from cambridge.|There are 49 trains, where would you like to leave from?
I am departing from Cambridge|Ok great, I have 52 trains departing from cambridge.  Where will you be traveling to?
I'll be traveling to Birmingham New Street. Could you give me the travel time for that train?|There are four trains that meet your request, would you like me to book one for you?
Yes, please, what is the travel time?|The travel time is 163 minutes.  Shall I book the tickets?
No. I am also looking for attractions, a swiming pool in the south.|There are no swimming pools in the north. Would you like one in the centre instead?
No, why don't you try a theatre, instead.|The Junction is a theatre in the south. Their phone number is 01223511511.
What is their address?|The junction is located on Clifton Way, Their phone number is 01223511511 if you need more precise directions.
Thank you for your assistance today. Have a great day!|You're welcome! Please contact us again if you need any additional assistance. Have a great day!
I'm looking for a place called soul tree nightclub.|Soul Tree Nightclub is found in the center of town.The entrance fee is 4 Pounds and their phone number is 01223477900
What type of attraction is it?|It's classified as a nightclub type of attraction.
I also need a place to eat that serves Indian food.|Fantastic. I have 22 restaurants for you to choose from!
I want to book a table for 6 at 18:45 on Thursday|Curry Garden in the centre of town was available. Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Reference number is : OTACG9MV.
Thank you good bye.|Thank you for allowing me to assist you. Have a great night.
I need a train that is leaving from cambridge and should leave on thursday.|Great! Where are you leaving from?
I'll be departing from Ely.|We have 10 trains that fit that criteria. Is there a particular time you would like to leave or arrive by?
I need to arrive by 12:45 please.|TR5216 departs at 11:50 and arrives at 12:07. Will that work for you?
Yes, that sounds good - it is going to Cambridge, yeah? I'll need the travel time on that one too, please.|Travel time is a mere 17 minutes, and the per person price is 4.4 GBP. Would you like tickets, or is there something else I can help with?
I am looking for information about a particular attraction called Whale of a Time.|Whale of time is in the west of town & I'm unsure about the entrance fee. Would you like the number to call & ask for this info?
Yes, and can I get the area and postcode as well|Of course, their phone number is 01954781018 and the postcode is cb238el.
Thank you very much.|You're welcome! Have a great time!
That's all the help I need today, thanks, goodbye.|You are very welcome! Toodles!
I need to find a place to eat and would prefer Indian food.|It would be my pleasure to assist you in your restaurant search. Do you have a preference on price point and/or area of the city?
I would love for it to be in the east and be moderately priced.|There are two indian restaurants in the east, curry price and rajmahal. Would you like me to book you a table at one?
Yes please. Could you make a reservation for 8 at 18:15 on Wednesday?|I'm sorry sir, neither restaurant is available at that moment.  Do you want to try a different day or time?
how about 17:15. Get me a reference number for that.|I have booked you at the curry prince. Reference number is  MRQELLG2. May I help you with anything else today?
Yes, I could use a suggestion on a great museum to visit after we eat at the restaurant.|I recommend Cambridge Artworks, which is a free museum in the same part of town as your restaurant.
Could I get the address, postcode and entrance fee?|Cambridge Artworks is located at 5 Greens Road in postcode cb13ef, and it's free to enter.
Cool.  Can you help me book a taxi?  I need it to get to the restaurant from the museum by my reservation time.|Booking is complete, look for a grey ford, the phone number is 07959689504, may I assist with anything else?
That's all, you've been a great help!|Happy to help! Enjoy your stay.
Are there any theatres in Cambridge, particularly close to the city centre?|There are four theatres in that area. Cambridge arts theatre is a nice one in that area.
Wonderful.  Can you get me the address and postcode?|Sure, the address is 6 saint edward's passage and the post code is cb23pj.
Thanks.  I am also looking for a hotel in the north.  I want something with a 3 star rating.  Are there any available?|Yes I have two both in the moderate price range. Any preference for amenities?
I don't mind something a bit pricey, and I definitely need wifi.|Hamilton Lodge has free wifi and is in the moderate price range. Would you like to book a room?
That sounds perfect.  Yes, I would like to book a room please.|When will you be arriving and how many nights will you be staying? How many in your party?
It will just be me.  I will be arriving Tuesday and staying for 3 nights.|Booking was successful. Reference number is 9MSRK9GO. Do you need help with anything else?
I will need a taxi to go from the theatre to the hotel. Can you help me with that?|I sure can. What time would you like the taxi be there?
I would like the taxi to be there by 04:30.  Also could i have the contact number of the taxi?|Booking completed! Booked car type: grey volvo Contact number	: 07836799900
Thank you! That is all that I need.|Great enjoy your visit!
Hello! What is your favorite museum in town?|Cambridge artworks is a good choice
Can I have the address, entrance fee, and the area it is in?|They are located in the east. The address is 5 Greens Road. And, they offer free entrance.
I'm also looking for a Moroccan restaurant in the center of town. Is there anything like that in Cambridge?|sorry, I couldnt find any of that food type.
Aww shucks. Can you recommend another restaurant in the centre that's cheap?|Might I recommend La Raza. They offer cheap Mexican food but it is delicious. They are located in the centre.
I think I'd prefer Mediterranean food.  Can you look again?|Yes, I found the Gardenia in the centre of town.  It's Mediterranean food that is in the cheap pricerange.  Would you like me to book a table for you?
Yes, I will like a table for 5 people on Monday at 15:45.|Your reservations have been made and your reference number is  851LQWR4.
Beautiful, thank you for everything, that will be all.|excellent, have a great day!
What is the  closest four  star hotel with free wifi?|What is your location preference?
Location is not a priority, it could be a hotel or guesthouse, either way is fine.|Acorn Guest House is located at 154 Chesterton Road.  Will that work for you?
Is this a cheap place to stay? I really want to book a cheap place.|The Acorn is moderately priced. We do have some cheap ones with 4 stars and the internet. The Cambridge Belfry is a hotel that fits your description.
Yes, can you please book The Cambridge Belfry for me for 8 people for 2 nights starting on Sunday. If Sunday is not available, Monday is also okay.|Yes, I've made the booking for you and your reference number is FTZQCNPH.
Thank you. Could you recommend a place to go in the centre of town?|sure, how about the fez club?
That will work can I get the address please?|Yes, it is located at 8 Market Passage, postcode cb23hx.  What else can I assist you with today?
Is there a entrance fee?|Yes, the entrance fee is 5 pounds.
I need the phone number as well please.|sorry about that it is 01223519224, anything else today?
That will be it for now.  Have a good day!  Thank you!|You are very welcome. Enjoy your stay! Good-bye.
I would like to go to a park in the center of town.|There is the Cambridge University Botanic Gardens which is a park.  Will this work for you?
Yes, what is the address and phone number?|Their address is bateman street and phone number is 01223336265. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, that would be all.  Thanks!|Sure, have a great day.  Bye.
I am looking for a restaurant in the centre of town.|There are many restaurants in the centre of town. Is there a specific food type and pricerange you are looking for?
No particular type of food, but something moderately priced please.|Would you like to try the copper kettle? It serves British food.
That sounds good. Could you book a table for 4 people at 19:15 on Wednesday?|Hi, I've booked a table for 4 at the Copper Kettle! Will that be all?
Could I get the reference number? Also looking for place to go in town. What museum do you recommend? Please send address.|Your restaurant reference number is AVOXTSPM. For a museum, I recommend the broughton house gallery at 98 king street.
Alright, that seems like it will be perfect! Could I have the address for it, please?|The address is 98 king street.
OK great, that's all I needed thank you!|You're welcome. Goodbye.
Do you have any details for Jesus Green Outdoor Pool?|Yes, which details would you like to have?
I'd like the attraction type, phone number, and entrance fee, please.|The Jesus Green Outdoor Pool is a swimmingpool on the north end of the city. We don't have any information regarding their entrance fee, but their phone number if 01223302579.
Alright, that's all. Thank you.|Thank you, goodbye.
I have a taste for British food tonight, can you find me a place to eat?|There are 11 restaurants that serve british food, do you have a price range?
No I do not have a price range but it does need to be located in the centre.|I have found seven restaurants available in the moderate to expensive price range. Is there a street you would like to be near?
No, which one is your favorite?|When it comes to British food, my absolute favorite is Restaurant One Seven. It is moderately priced. Would you like more info about them?
I would like to try your recommendation. Would you book for Thursday, at 11:00 for 6 people?|I was not able to book you there, anything else that I can look up for you?
Are you able to book 10:00 instead?|Yes. Your reference number is 56MJKUW1.
I am also looking for a theater in the same area.|I would suggest the ADC Theatre.  It is in the centre area.
That sound good. Could I have their postcode and address please?|The postcode for Restaurant One Seven is cb21ab, and the address is De Vere University Arms Regent Street City Centre. Do you require further assistance?
No thanks, that is everything.|Glad to have helped, have a great day.
i am looking for a place to stay. The hotel should have a star of 1 and should be in the type of guesthouse.|We actually have no 1-star guesthouses in Cambridge. Would you like to try a different search?
well anything with free parking.|Is location important?
Actually, if you don't have any 1 star guesthouses, how about a 4 star guesthouse, with free parking.|We have many options so let's narrow the list if we can. Would you rather a guesthouse in the north area of town?
I do not care book it for 3 people and 3 nights starting from saturday.|Booking was successful.
Reference number is : VRX2L3AY.
Thank you. Can you help me find a place to go? maybe a park.|milton county park is in the north area and has no entrance fee.
Thank you so much for your help.|Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, what was the name of the guesthouse you booked for me?|I'm sorry about that! it is the acorn guest house.
Can I get a taxi between Acorn and the park?|What time would you like to leave and arrive by?
I would like to leave the park by 04:00|You are set, looking for a grey Honda, if any issues, they can be reached at 07880531518
Great that's all I needed today thank you.|You're welcome! Have a great day!
Hi I am looking for the attraction Corpus Christi can you find it for me?|Corpus Christi is located at king's parade in the centre of the town.
Super, I'm right by there... what kind of an attraction is Corpus Christi?|it is a college located on king's parade
Okay. I'm also looking for a restaurant called Restaurant Alimentum.|Sure, I've located that for you.  What information would you like?
I need to reserve a table for 8 at 17:30 wednesday and the reference # too|Your reservation for 8 people at the restaurant alimentum for this wednesday at 17:30 was successful. Your Reference number is : PJH9SVZE.
Thank you.  You have provided everything I needed.|Thank you, have a good day.
I'd like some information about the University Arms Hotel.|sure.  it is 4 stars and expensive.  they have internet, free parking & located in the center on regent street.  phone number 0122331241. shall i make a reservation?
No I just needed to know the information. Thank you, that's all I needed.|Have a great visit and please call back if you need additional help.
Actually, I'd like some information about an attraction in the centre dealing with multiple sports.|I could not find any attractions for multiple sports in the centre of town. Is there perhaps another attraction type or area of town I could search for you?
How about a college in the same area?|There are 5 colleges in the centre. Corpus Christi or Downing College are very nice. Would you like more information about one of them?
Can you give me the phone number and address for Corpus Christi College?|Sure, their phone number is 01223338000. There will be an entrance fee of 2 pounds.
Great, and what is the address?  Also, can I just confirm that University Arms Hotel is actually a hotel?  I don't like guest houses.|Yes, it is a hotel.  Any other questions that I can help with today?
If I can just get the address of the University Arms Hotel please. Thanks.|Sure, the address listed for University Arms is regent street, postcode cb21ad. What else can I help with today?
I never got the address for Corpus Christi College. Could you give that to me?|Certainly! The address is king's parade, is that all you needed?
Yes that's everything, thank you. Goodnight.|Thank you for contacting  the Cambridge TownInfo centre.  Goodbye.
I'm looking for a museum to visit in the centre.|The Broughton House Gallery is located in the centre of town and has free admission. Would you like the address and postcode?
Yes, please, that would be useful.|Their postcode is cb11ln	 and their address is 98 king street.
I also need a restaurant in the same area? Crossover food sounds good.|I'm sorry, there are no crossover restaurants in that area. Is there another type or area where you'd like me to search?
What else do you have that is cheap?|What type of food?
Hmmm, I'm hungry for some portuguese food... Have anything like that?|nandos city centre would fit your needs. can I book a table for you?
Thank you! Please book a table for 8 people at 14:00 on Thursday.|Okay, I have you booked.  Your reservation number is KUGMVJ5D.  Is there anything else I can do for you?
Thank you goodbye|Thank you for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Have a great day.
i am looking for a place to dine. The restaurant should be in the west and should serve thai food.|Sala Thong is the only Thai restaurant in the west. It's expensive, but worth it. Would you like a reservation?
Yes, please. I would like a reservation for 2 at 19:00 on Tuesday. Please provide a reference number.|Fantastic! Your reservation went through smoothly. Here is your reference number JJWEO8ZH. They will keep the table reserved for 15 minutes for you. Can I help with anything else?
Gosh, I'm so sorry! I don't want the reservation for the evening, I want Thai food for lunch. Do you have a table for 2 at 12:30 on Tuesday?|Yes, there is a table open for 12:30 on Tuesday. Would you like me to book it for you?
Yes.  Please book a table for two.|Great News booking was successful they will hold the table for 15 mins and your reference number is JJWEO8ZH. Is there anything else i can help you with?
Thanks! Could you help me find a swimmingpool please that is also in the west?|I'm sorry.  There are no swimming pools in the west part of town. Would you like to try a different area or attraction type?
Can you try an entertainment attraction instead?  Thanks.|Whale of a Time is a nice place they are in the west.
That sounds great, what is the postcode?|Whale of a time has a postcode of cb238el.  Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No, I think that is all I need today. Thank you for your help.|And thank you for calling in, please take care and call if you need anything else.
I'm seeking an attraction! A boat one will be nice.|Great! I have four for you. Two are in the centre. Any location you'd like in particular?
No, I'd like the name of one in the centre please.|Sure, I can get tickets for the cambridge punter in the city centre. If that sounds okay, what day and time would you like?
Yes please! Thank you so much!|I am sorry but you will have to get ticket there and here is the address 251a chesterton road.
I am also looking for the Oak Bistro, a place to eat.|Do you want me to make a booking?
I need to book a train from birmingham new street to cambridge.|When would you like to travel?
I need to leave n Wednesday and arrive no later than 21:15.|TR4977 will get you here by 20:23. Would you like me to book you passage?
Yes can you please and send me the reference number.|For how many people?
I need a booking for 2 people.|I will bnook that and get you the reference number.
Ok thank you.  After I get the reference number for my train, I have some other requests for you. But I need my train booked first.|Your 2 seats are reserved on the TR4977, departing Birmingham New Street on Wednesday at 17:40, arriving Cambridge at 20:23. Reference number is ULZ1R0XV. What else may I assist you with?
I would like to visit an entertainment attraction in the centre please|There are no entertainment attractions in the North, but there are two in the East if you're interested.
Do you have anything in the Centre area?|I am sorry there is nothing in the centre.
How about a museum?|How about broughton house gallery?
what type of museum is it, and their phone number too then please|broughton house gallery is a museum of arts. Their phone number is 01223314960. Would you like me to make a reservation?
No, that's all the info I needed today. Goodbye!|Enjoy your stay and have a wonderful day.
Hello, I am looking for a cheap place to dine in the centre.|There are few places that are cheap in the Center. You can make your choice from our list based on the Kind of food you prefer.
Um, I don't see any sort of list. Could you recommend something?|What type of food would you like?
I would like Indian food.|There are three cheap Indian restaurants in the centre of town. I have heard great things about the chef at Kohinoor. Would you like me to make a reservation?
Yes. Book that one for 3 people on Friday at 18:45.|Done. You have a reservation for 3 at kohinoor on Friday at 18:45. Your reference is 37R6X4JS and the table will be held for 15 minutes. Will that be all today?
I'm also looking for someplace to go in the same area as the restaurant.  Can you help with that?|There are several in the area. Do you have a preference of the type of attraction?
Old churches would be nice thank you|Okay, there are 5. I recommend All Saint's Church on Jesus Lane.
great. can i get the address and entry fee?|46 Jesus Ln, Cambridge CB5 8BW. No entrance fee. Anything else I can assist you with?
That is all I need today, thank you.|Thank you for using our system today!
Can you find a multiple sports attraction in the centre?|There's just one - the Cherry Hinton Village Centre on the east side of town.
Thank you very much, that is what I was looking for|Okay, Cherry Hinton Village Centre is on Colville Road, postcode cb19ej. The phone number is 01223576412.
You know, I really wanted to visit the centre of town.  Can you find a theatre in the center of town?|There are numerous, would you be interested in this one? ADC Theatre, phone - 1223300085, postcode - cb58as, address - park street.
How much does it cost to get in?|The entrance fee is unknown. You may have to call them and check. Their phone number is 01223300085.
Hmm. Perhaps you could help me with a train. I'm coming in from Ely on Monday.|What time do you want to depart or to arrive?
I need to arrive by 15:15.|I have TR4849 that will depart at 13:35 and will put you in Cambridge around 13:52. Would this interest you?
Could you make a reservation on that train please?|I would be happy to. How many people will be traveling?
Just me for now please.|I've booked your ticket for TR4849.  The fee is 4.4 GPB and you can pay at the station.  Your reference number is W6ZVGNJN. Anything else I can help with?
That's all I needed today thank you.|You're welcome. Have a great day!
Thank you.  Goodbye.|Hope you have a great trip.
I am looking for a place to dine in the moderate price range and serves European food.|Sure, I have located several European restaurants, is there a particular area you're looking for?
Yes, I would prefer the north.|I'm not seeing any in the north. Would you like to try another area, or another cuisine?
That's fine. Can you find me a chinese restaurant in the same area?|Yes, we have the Golden Wok  Would you like to make a reservation there?
Sure, I need to book it for 6 people, please.|What day and time would you prefer?
I would like it to be on Friday at 18:15.|Your table is booked and will be reserved for 15 minutes.  Your reference number is GS2CO4IV. May I help you with anything else today?
Yes, I'm also looking for an attraction in the same area as the restaurant.|There are 4 attractions in the north: 1 boat, 1 park, and 2 swimming pools. Do you have a preference?
Yes the boat attraction, can I get the address and do the charge a fee, what is it?|Riverboat Georgina is at Cambridge Passenger Cruisers, Jubilee House. I don't have a listing for their entrance fee, but their phone number is 01223902091. I'm sure they'd be happy to help.
Thanks. I would like to book a taxi between the two places and have it arrive to the restaurant by the booked time please.|I have booked you a car. It is a red Toyota and the contact number is 07486387305. Do you need any further assistance?
Thank you, I won't be needing anything else. Goodbye.|Goodbye, hope you have a lovely day.
I would love to go to some place that has boats.|Sure, what part of town will you be in?
It doesn't matter.|I would recommend the cambridge punter, located in the centre of town at 251a chesterton road. Do you need anything else?
Could I get the postcode, area and phone number? I also need information on a restaurant called Sitar Tandoori.|They are in the centre. Postcode is cb41as. Phone number is 07807718591. Sitar Tandoori is an expensive indian restaurant in the east.
Can you book a table for me?|Yes, I can. Can you tell me what day for the reservation, how many guests and the time?
Actually don't book the table. just give me the phone number and the food type please.|it is 07807718591 and serves indin food
Thank you for booking that.|anything else I can assist you with today?
No, I'm good.  Thank you for your time and don't work too hard.  Bye!|It was a pleasure to help. Have a good night. Goodbye.
I'm looking for a hotel, can you help?|I can, we have 9 hotels, do you have anything else to narrow it down?
It should be in the centre and be on the expensive side.|I have 2 available hotels. One is the Gonville Hotel located on Gonville Place. The other is University Arms Hotel on Regent Street. Which one would you like to book?
Can you book the one without wifi?|they both have internet, for what days and how many people should I book?
Do either of them offer free wifi?|As previously mentioned, they both have internet available.  I don't have specifications about the internet service however.  Would you like to book one of these?
Yes, please book for two nights beginning on Sunday for one person.|Your booking was successful and the reference number is ELYPAXQZ.
Thank you.  I'm also looking for a museum to go to in the same area.|there are 11 all with free entrance. Would you like me to recommend one?
Yes, please. Can I get the address and phone number for the one you reccommend?|castle galleries is a nice place, their address is unit su43 grande arcade st andrews st and their postcode is cb23bj, anything else today?
Do you have there phone number?|Their phone is 01223307402. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Yes, I also need a taxi going between the two places.|What time do you need the taxi, and which is the destination site?
I want to arrive at the Castle Galleries by 11:15.|Your white ford taxi booking was successful. Its contact number is 07580691974.
Ok, thank you for the help.|Was there anything else you needed today?
I'm looking for a restaurant that serves international food.|There are three international restaurants in Cambridge. Do you have a price preference?
I would like to find a moderately priced place and I need a reservation for 4 people at 12:15 on a Thursday.|Okay I have the Bloomsbury and the Varsity restaurants. But I was unable to reserve either. Is there another time that would suit you?
Yes, could you make it for 11:15, and can you give me the reference number?|Alright, I have booked you a table for 11:15 at the varsity restaurant. Your reference number is HM90EAET. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I am looking for some entertainment, do you know anywhere I could go in the centre of town?|Unfortunately I don't see anything entertainment related in the centre of town. How about another area of the city?
That's fine. I'd like to know about museums in the area instead.|Fantastic, there are 11 museums in the centre. Can I recommend the Fitzwilliam Museum, if you don't have a preference?
Fitzwilliam Museum sounds great. What is the postcode?|The postcode is cb21rb.
Great.  Now can you book a taxi for me between the two places? From The Varsity Restaurant to Fitzwilliam Museum?|At what time would you like the taxi to arrive?
Actually it's from Fitzwilliam Museum to The Varsity Restaurant I want to arrive by the 11:15 booking please.|Certainly. What time would you like to leave?
It doesn't matter, at long as I arrive at the restaurant by 11:15.|OK, a yellow Lexus will pick you up at the Varsity and get you to the Fitzwilliam by 11:15. The contact number is 07462272535. Can I help with anything else?
No thank you, that will do for now!  Thanks for helping me today!|Have a fantastic day!
Thank you for all your help.|Glad I could be of assistance.
Hi, I'll be traveling to cambridge and am excited to find some places to go. Can you help me?|I will be more than happy to assist you. Please tell me what kind of attractions you are interested in? There are many categories of attractions in the Cambridge area.
im looking for a museum in the centre. may i also have the postcode and phone number for them as well?|The Broughton house gallery is in the centre. It's postcode is cb11ln. The phone number is 01223314960. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I also need to book a guesthouse in the north.|What is your price range?
Any range is fine but it needs to include free wifi and parking.|Okay, I have 9 guesthouses that fit your needs. Are you looking for a particular star rating?
I do not. Can you recommend one?|I can recommend the City Centre North B and B. It is in the cheap price range. Would you like me to book that for you?
Sure. I'll need rooms for 4 people reserved for 4 nights, beginning Saturday. Can  I have the reference number for that booking?|Reference number is LFBB6YNO.
I also need a taxi to commute between the two places.|Will the taxi be picking you up at the hotel or at the museum?
I need picked up at the hotel by 9:15 please.|Your taxi is booked.  Look for a blue ford, their contact number is 07211297115.  Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, that is wonderful.  Have a nice day and thank you.  Bye.|You're welcome! Thanks for contacting Cambridge TownInfo centre!
Thank you and Goodbye,|If you need anything fell free to call us.
Hi, I'm looking for a train from Birmingham to Cambridge.|I have this train ticket TR4887	birmingham new street	cambridge	friday	05:40	08:23	75.10 pounds	163 minutes
I need it to arrive on Friday, by 10:45.|There's a train that arrives at 10:23. Would you like me to book it?
Yes, 10:23 will be fine. Are you able to tell me the departure time, the price, and the travel time, please?|It is leaving at 07:40,price is 75.10 pounds and travel time is 163 minutes.
Great, thanks so much.  I am also looking for a particular attraction.  Can you see if it is still in Cambridge?|What is the name of the attraction?
It's Saint John's College. Can you find the phone number?|Here is the phone number you requested:01223338600.
Great, thank you. That's all the information I require right now.|Okay, have a great day!
I am looking for an expensive Korean restaurant. Can you tell me my options please?|Little Seoul is the only one - it's an expensive korean place in the centre. Would you like me to book it for you?
Yes, save me a table for one at 11:15 on Monday. Thanks!|I was able to make that reservation for you. Reference Number: 3GQAM8LN. Anything more I can help with?
Yes, I am also looking for a museum in the west side of the city.|We have several. May I suggest lynne strover gallery.
That sounds great, can I get the phone number and postcode please?|Sure thing! Their number is 01223295264. The post code is cb30aq. Anything else dear?
No,and thank you kind person for helping me!|Excellent, please feel free to contact us with any other questions you might have! Thanks and have a great day!
Greetings, I am looking for a museum to visit on the west side of town.|You can find the cafe jello gallery at 13 magdalene street and it's free!
Can I get the postcode for that museum please?|Cafe jello gallery's post code is cb30af.
I'm also looking for a train that goes to Birmingham New Street and leaves on Saturday|Where are you leaving from?
I am departing from Cambridge and would like to be in Birmingham New Street by 20:45 at the latest.|The earliest train available is train TR4975 which departs at 5:01 and arrives at 7:44. Can I book that for you?
A later train would be better, what trains arrive around 20:00?|The closest arrival to 20:00 is TR2815, departing at 18:01 and arriving at 19:44. There is also one arriving at 20:44. Would that be preferable?
What is the departure time for the one arriving at 20:44?|That would be train TR5867 departing at 18:01 and arriving at 20:44. Would this work better for you? I can help you book this one if you like.
That won't be necessary. Thank you for your help that is all I need today.|Alright, have a nice day.
Can you help me find a theatre in the centre please?|May I recommend Mumford theatre located at anglia ruskin enterprise, east road. Do you need any more information?
Can I have the phone number?|Absolutely! The phone number is 08451962320.
Thanks!  I am also looking for information on a restaurant named the Ian hong house.|that is a chinese restaurant in the center.
Is it possible for you to make a reservation for me? It would be for Monday.|For how many people please
Book for 4 people on Monday at 18:15.|your all set! reservation # is XJ3DII6Y. Anything else for you  today?
That's all I need. Thank you for your help!|You are very welcome happy to help.
Thanks, I appreciate it.  Goodbye.|Thanks again and please enjoy your visit!
i need places to go in town|What did you have in mind?
Do you happen to have any entertainment places in the centre of town to visit?|We have museums, colleges, and interesting architecture, as well as many other choices in the center of town.
Any type will do, as long as its in the centre. Can you recommend something?|Ballare, a beautiful new nightclub just opened up in the center. Entrance is just 5 pounds, would you like more information on Ballare?
Yes, can I have their address with postcode?|The postal code is cb23na and the address is heidelberg gardens, lion yard. Can I assist you further?
Yes, can I please have car type and contact number?|It seems like you are asking for a taxi. Where are you departing from and where is your destination, please?
Yes, sorry for the confusion. I want a taxi to pick me up at the hotel at 05:00 and my destination is Ballare. Please give me car type and contact number|Sorry, you'll need to be more clear on your departure site please. Is there a specific hotel you're looking for?
Something in the same neighborhood, and that has wifi and parking.|I have 4 locations in the centre of town with free parking and WiFi. Would you like to book one?
I am looking for a guesthouse if there is one?|Alexander Bed and Breakfast meets your requirements.  Can I book a room for you?
Yes on Friday. I need a taxi too.|Will that be to or from the club and what time?
I want to leave the hotel by 05:00.|Your all set a blue bmw will be picking you up at 5 the contact number is 07398420565, is there anything else today?
Thanks so much you have been a great help to  me.|You are welcome have a great stay.
I am looking for a train that leaves on Monday after 11:00.|Sure thing let me look that up for you. Where will you be going?
We will be going to Cambridge.|I found 139 trains, what is your departure destination?
My destination is Cambridge.|Yes, but from which station are you departing?
I will be departing from Leicester going to cambridge please.|TR1193 closely matches your search. It leaves at 11:09. Would you like more information or any assistance booking a ticket?
Great please looking for seven people and give me the reference number|Certainly, I have booked your tickets, and your reference number is YE6JVB3W. Is there anything else I can help with?
I'm also looking for an attraction called scott polar museum.|Sure. The Scot Polar Museum is located in the city center and their telephone number is 01223336540. Admission to the museum is free.
Can i get their postcode, and entrance fee and is that a museum?|Yes, it is a museum. The post code is cb21er, and admission is free.
Great thank you very much that's all that I need.|You are welcome.  Please contact us if we can help you with anything else.
I am looking for a park in the west area.|Unfortunately there are no parks in the west. Wanna try another area?
How about museums in the west?|Yes and Lynne Strover Gallery is a nice one and it is free. Would you like their information?
Yes please give me their address.|Yes the address is 23 high street, fen dilton.  Can I help you with anything else?
Yes, I'm looking for a guesthouse with free parking please.|There are 21 options. Do you have a preference for star rating, area or pricerange?
I want it to be rated 4 stars and have wifi included|There are 16 to choose from. Does price range or area matter to you?
No that does not matter to me, I just need it for 2 people for 3 nights starting on Tuesday.  I'll need a reference number.|Booking was successful at the acorn house, reference number is Q3ABQGJE, is there anything else I can help you with?
I want a taxi to pick me up at 19:15 from the attraction and take me to the hotel. Please give me car type and contact info.|The taxi will be a blue tesla
Contact number	:	07110094473
Perfect!! Thank you for all your help.|You're welcome and enjoy your stay.
Where is the closest pizza joint?|What area of town will you be in?
Well, I'm wanting to visit a park as well.  Let's find that first.|Wandlebury Country Park is in the South.  It is very nice.  There is also Cherry Hinton Water Play in the East. Do either of those sound suitable?
Wandlebery sounds good, can I get the phone number, area, and postcode?|Wandlebury country park is in the south area, postcode cb223ae and phone is 01223243830.
Can you book it for me?|It is a public park. You can just walk through it without a booking.
Okay great thanks so much.|Is there anything else that I can help you with today?
I need a cheap hotel for 8 people 2 nights starting Tuesday please|I am happy to book, but lets find you a place.  Any preference on area?  Are ratings or type of place a factor?
I'd like to find something in the south. It also needs to have free parking.|Rosa's bed and breakfast is a cheap guesthouse in the south. It has 4 stars and provides free wifi and parking. Does this sound OK to you?
Yes please. Can you please book it for 8 people for 2 nights starting on Tuesday?|Sure thing. I just booked it. Your ref number is Q2JZ0UIL.
Thank you so much.|You're welcome. Is there anything else I can do for you today?
That is all. Thanks for your help today.|Thank you for using our services. Have we met all of your needs today?
I need to find a train, please. I'm traveling on Tuesday and would like to arrive at my destination by 19:30.|Of course, where would you like to travel to, and where will you be leaving from?
I will be leaving Cambridge and going to London.  I'd like to use the Liverpool Street station.|Sure, TR9561 leaves at 17:59 and arrives by 19:27. Would that work for you?
It should.  Could you give me the travel time and price for that too?|The price is 16.60 pounds and travel time is an hour 28 minutes. Can I assist you with anything else?
Yes, actually. Are you able to find me a multiple sports attraction?|The cherry hinton village centre has multiple sports and is located in the east area. Phone number is 01223576412, anything else?
Yeah what about college's?|We have many different colleges to visit.  Do you have a particular area in mind?
How about one in the centre?|Ok we have 4 that are free and one that charges 2 pounds entrance fee.
One of the free ones would be great.  Can you give me the name and address of one?|I would recommend Downing College.  The address is Regent Street.
I actually don't want to visit a college. I want to visit a place in the city centre that offers multiple sports.|I am sorry there are no attractions that offer multiple sports in the centre, do you have any other interests or would you like to look in another area?
I guess downing college in the centre area would be good. Can i get the address?|The address is regent street and the postcode is cb21dq. Is there anything else I can do for you?
I think that will be all.  Thank you for your assistance.|My pleasure, feel free to use us again for anything else you may need,
Thank you. Goodbye.|Goodbye. Have a great trip!
Can you tell me what's interesting to do on the south side?|Byard art	is an art museum that is available.
That sounds like fun. Can you tell me the phone number?|01223464646 is their phone number. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I also want to find an Italian restaurant in the same area.|they are two. do you need the cheap or expensive one?
I'll take the cheap one. I don't need to book, but could you give me the postcode?|I have a moderate priced one, not cheap. It is pizza hut cherry hinton. Would you still like the phone number?
Yes please. I also need to postcode. I need to book a taxi from the restaurant to the museum. I'd like to leave the restaurant by 17:30.|The post code is cb17dy. I've booked your cab - it's a blue tesla.
Can I have the contact number for the taxi?|I'm sorry, it's 07086024268.  Can I help you with anything else today?
No, that's all I needed today. Thanks for your help. Goodbye!|Thank you for contacting the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Goodbye
Please find a place called Club Salsa.|Club Salsa Is located at 1 station road. Do you need any more information?
Wonderful. The address was exactly what I wanted. You're so efficient.|Great I am glad I could be of help.
I am also looking for a moroccan restaurant in the centre.|I'm sorry there are no moroccan restaurants in the centre of town.
Boo.  I guess I would be able to try a modern european food restaurant?|I recommend De Luca Cucina and Bar on 83 Regent Street. It is moderately priced and in the centre of town. Would you like me to book a reservation?
Sounds good! Please book a table for 3 on Friday at 13:00 and be sure to provide me with the reference number.|Your table has been successfully booked! Your reference number is GVN0GC4A. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
I also need a taxi to get me between the two places|I need some more information please.  When would you like to leave and when would you like to arrive?
Can you get me from Club Salsa to De Luca Cucina by 13:00 please?|Absolutely!  Your taxi has been booked.  It's a blue ford and the contact number is 07118061422.  Is there anything else that I can help you with?
No not that I can think of you have done everything for me. Thank you so much for your help.|No problem, have a wonderful day!
I'm looking for a guesthouse that offers free parking.|I have many options available. Would you like to stay in a particular area of town?
Yes, actually I prefer to stay in the south part of town. And I would love something that offers free wifi.|The aylesbray lodge guest house meets all of your requirements and has a 4 star rating. Would you like me to book a room?
Yes, could you make a reservation for 8 people, please?|Of course! When would you like to stay?
I'd like to stay on Wednesday, Thursday, and Friday, please.  Is that available?|Great! Your room has been booked for 3 nights starting Wednesday and your reference number is NVZNJX13. Is there anything else that I can help you with?
Yes, are there any kind of boat tours available through town?|There are a few.  Do you care what part of town?
In the centre of town, if possible.|Yes there are two companies that offer boat tours in the centre of town, Scudamores Punting and The Cambridge Punter.  Would you like more information?
Sure but I also need to book a taxi to leave the attraction by 6:45.|Ok. I can help you book a taxi from Scudamores Punting. Where do you want to go from there?
To my hotel.|Great! I have booked your taxi, which should be a White BMW and its contact number is 07719541714.
Great, thank you!|May I assist you with anything else today?
That's all I need. Thanks|It was a pleasure assisting you. Enjoy your stay.
I'd like to find out if there's a particular attraction in Cambridge called kambar|Yes, Kambar is a nightclub in the centre of town.  Can I give you some information on it?
Yes please, can I get the postcode, phone number, and address?|Sure the address is 1 wheeler street,postcode is cb23qb and the phone number is 01223842725.
I am also looking for a really pricey Guesthouse.|I'm sorry, I don't know of any expensive guest houses.  Can I look for something else for you?
Hmm. Do you have any guest houses in the east with free wifi?|Yes, there are a few of them.  What price ranger would you like?
I'd like a cheap one if that's fine.|I recommend allenbell.  It has 4 stars and is in your price range.  May I book it for you?
Yes, that would be great. I'll need it to start on Tuesday and go for 5 nights. It will be 2 people.|I have made your reservation for the Allenbell for 2 people for 5 nights starting on Tuesday. Your reference number is PYY0CNUX. Is there anything else I may assist you with?
No thanks. That takes care of all I needed. Goodbye.|Thank you for calling. I hope you enjoy your stay. Goodbye.
Yes I am looking for a attraction called holy trinity church.|Holy Trinity Church is located on Market St in postcode cb23nz. It's free to get in. Did you have any further questions?
Do you have the address of holy trinity church?|Yes it's on Market street.
Thank you.  Can you help me find a train going to Leicester?|Yes, when would you like to leave?
anytime after 19:00|I have a train that leaves at 19:21. What day would you like to travel?
I would like to leave on Saturday.|TR4708 departs cambridge at 19:21 and arrives at 21:06. Can I book that for you?
Yes. I would like to book for 3 people and will need a reference number.|I booked you 3 seats on TR4708 leaving Cambridge on Saturday at 20:21, the total fee is 90.72 GBP and your reference number is FVMA8AAO.
That's all I need. Thank you.|I'm glad that I can be of help please have a great trip.
Hi, can you please give me information on theatres in town?|I have 5 theaters located in the centre and south which area would you like?
There is no specific area.|I see. What sort of information can I help you with?
I am looking to get an address and entrance fee for a theatre. Can you search for one for me using the criteria I mentioned earlier?|The address for adc theatre is park street.
Is there a entrance fee? I am also looking for a cheap north american restaurant to dine at on the east side. Any recommendations?|Entrance fee is not mentioned. There are no restaurants in that area that fit your criteria. Is there something else I can look up for you?
Are there any serving international cuisine in the same area and price range?|The Missing Sock is an international restaurant in the East and has a cheap price range. Would you like a reservation?
Yes, get me a table for 3 at 15:30 on Saturday.|I have made those reservations and the reference number is Y40MJDC0.
Great, thanks for your help!|Can I help you with anything else today?
No that will be all! Thank you!|Fantastic, have a great day!
I want to visit a sports centre that allows for multiple different sports.|There is a mutliple sports attraction called the Cherry Hinton Village centre in the east, would you like the address?
I am looking for something in town centre, is there a place for multiple sports in that area?|The only multiple sports center is in the east.  Would you like to try a different attraction in the centre?
I there a college instead?|There are 13 colleges in the centre. If you are looking for a recommendation, I would definitely suggest Hughes Hall. They have free admission and are located on Wollaston Road.
Could you give the the phone number for that one?|The phone number for Hughes Hall is 01223334898. Is there anything else I can help with?
I am also looking for an expensive Chinese restaurant in the same area.|The Ugly Ducking is in the expensive price range in the town of Centre.  Would you like more information or for me to book for you?
I just need the phone number please.|There is no phone number listed for them I would suggest sending them an email.
Can you help me book a taxi from Hughes Hall to the Ugly Ducking by 11:30?|I have booked your taxi. Be expecting a yellow Tesla. If you need to reach them, please call 07795998512.
Thanks so much you've been a huge help|You are welcome it is my goal to provide great service!  Enjoy your stay.
Thanks! Looking forward to it!|You're welcome. Have a great day.
I would like to book a train.|What day do you need the train? What is your destination?
I am sorry I mean I want a nightclub to go in the wast side of town.|Unfortunately, there aren't any in that area. How about another location?
how about one that is in the type of museum.and make 
Make sure you get address|Kettle's yard is  museum in the west part of town.  It is located on castle street.
I also need a moderate priced room.|great! what area of town are you thinking of?
I'd like it to be a guest house in the north.|okay, I can help you with that. When are you planning your stay?
I'm not sure yet. I'm really researching right now. Can you please recommend a guesthouse in the north in the moderate price range?|I've got 9 guesthouses in that price range.  Do you need internet and/or parking?
No but I do need to know if they have internet, free parking, and the address of the guesthouse of your choice, thanks!|I have found 7 hotels now that match your criteria for parking and internet. Would you like me to choose on for you?
Yes, please tell me your favorite guesthouse in the north and let me know their address and whether they offer free Internet and parking.|I recommend Acorn Guesthouse. They are in the moderate price range and have 4 stars. They offer both free internet and parking. May I reserve you any rooms?
Yes, please, I would appreciate that.|Ok great, and how many people and nights?
I actually don't need a room. I just need the address please.|154 chesterton road
Thank you, that is everything, sorry for being so annoying in the process.|No worries at all. Thank you for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Enjoy your stay.
Yes, I am looking for places to go in the southern part of town.|Would you be interested in a museum?  The Byard Art Museum is located at 14 King's Way in the south.
That sounds good. Can you tell me the entrance fee and phone number?|Sure thing! It has free admission and their phone number is 01223464646.  Is there anything more I can help with today?
I also need a really expensive place to stay.|In what area would you like to stay?
Area does not matter. I do need free wifi.|May I recommend University Arms Hotel, in the centre city? It has four stars, free wifi & parking, and is quite luxurious. Would you like to make a booking there?
Is it a guesthouse? I would prefer a guesthouse.|There are no guesthouses matching your requirements.
OK, then what about the moderate price range?|Yes, there are 14. Which area were you looking for?
I am looking for a place in the south side of town.|I have 2 options in the south. Both offer free wifi and parking. The Bridge Guest House is 3-star rated. The other is Aylesbray Lodge Guest House which has 4-star rated.
Sounds good. Can I book a room for one person for two nights starting tuesday?|Booking was successful, the reference number is AQIMZ6OO. Anything else I can do for you?
Can you get me a car to pick me up from the museum and take me to the guest house?|Sure! What time would you like to leave the museum?
I want to leave the museum by 7:30.|OK, a grey honda should be picking you up at the museum, the contact number is 07694082426. Is there anything else I can help you with?
That's all for today.  Thanks for your help.|It was my pleasure! Enjoy your stay!
You have helped me tremendously.  Thank you!  Goodbye!|Thank you so much. Have a great trip!
Can you tell me about a place called Primavera?|Absolutely! Primavera is a museum in the centre. Would you like me to give your their address and telephone number?
You say it is a museum... Can you tell me more about the exhibitions that are currently showing?|Unfortunately, we don't have that information available. I am sure if you call them they can provide that information to you. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
I am looking for a train going to stansted airport and leaving form cambridge|There are trains almost every hour; do you have a departure or arrival time in mind?
Yes, I need one on Wednesday that arrives by 13:15, is there anything available?|There are five trains that fit the criteria, would you like me to book it for you?
I need a travel time and train ID for the last train to arrive at stansted airport before 13:15.|The train ID is TR0644.  It leaves at 12:40 and arrives at 13:08 for a total travel time of 28 minutes.
Perfect!  That is all I needed.  Thank you for your help.|You are welcome. Have a great day. Good bye.
Hi, I'm looking for a train that's departing Cambridge and going to London Liverpool Street.|I have the listings up for you, what date and time will you need that train?
I need to travel on Thursday, and I need to arrive by no later than 16:15.|There are 5 results, depending on when you want to leave. There is a train that leaves at 11:59 and arrives by 13:27, will that be ok?
Yes, that will work can you book that for me?|Yes I can book that for you. How many people will be needing tickets?
I need tickets for 8 people.|Your reference number is OWVUY7ZZ. The total fee is 132.8 GBP payable at the station. Do you need anything else?
Thanks and yes, now that you asked, I really would like to check out some colleges in the centre|You're in luck, we have 13 colleges in the centre. May I recommend Christ's College for you? It has free admission.
could you please provide the address, phone number, and entrance fee.|Christs College is on St. Anfrews st. and phone is 01223334900
Hello, can you help with my planning?  I am looking for a place to stay.|Sure! There are several good options. What part of town would you like to stay in?
I'll be staying in northern Cambridge.|What price range are you looking for and any star preference?
It should be in the moderate price range, please.|Sure, there are plenty of options.  Were you looking for anything specific as far as star rating?
The star rating doesn't matter but I do need free parking.|I suggest acorn guest house.
Okay, please book that for 2 people and 5 nights starting from monday.|Your booking was successful.  Here is your reference number: P17IW7BH.  Can I help you with anything else?
I'm also looking for a museum located in the east.|I show 4 museums, 3 of which have free admission.
Okay, may I have the phone number of one of the free museums. Whichever one you recommend will be fine.|The phone number for gallery at twelve a high street is 01223295264
Thank you. You've been a lot of help. I need to take off now. Goodbye.|Have a nice day!
I'm looking for a train departing from Cambridge.|What is your destination and when would you like to leave?
I'm leaving cambridge and would like to leave after 11:00.|We have many trains that leave after 11:00. Where would you like to go and on what day?
I would like to go to stansted airport on wednesday please|There is a train departing from Cambridge to Stansted Airport on Wednesday at 11:40.
Please book two seats on that train, and send me the reference number.|Booked! Your reference number is 89Q51FJW. The fee is 20.2 GBP and paid at the station.
Awesome. I'm also looking for places to go in the centre of town. Any suggestions?|The cambridge contemporary art museum is free and located in the centre.
Thanks, that's very helpful. Oh, right, what postcode is it in?|The postcode for the Cambridge Contemporary Art Museum is cb21su. Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
That is everything I needed for now. Thank you!|Have a good day and enjoy the museum!
Please find an expensive restaurant in the centre.|There are many to choose from.  What kind of food are you interested in?  Asian, gastropub, indian, eupopean?  Any idea?
A gastropub sounds great.|I suggest the slug and lettuce on Green Street. Would you like me to make a booking?
Yes, please, I need a table for 8 on Tuesday at 17:45.|I got your table all booked, your reference # is: O33823V4.  Can I help with anything else today?
I'd like to find a place to go in town|Anything in particular you like to do?
How about a multiple sports place near that restaurant.|the cherry hinton village center is in the east, would you like the address?
No thanks, I just need the phone number please.|01223576412 is the phone number.  What else can I assist you with today?
I also need a taxi to go between the two.|Sure, where and when would you like to be picked up?
I will need to be picked up by 5.|Which place do you want to be picked up from?
From the Cherry Hinton Village Center, please.|Okay, I have booked your taxi. It will be a black Volkswagen and your contact number is: 07019317320. Is there anything else?
Nope.  I am all done. Thanks.|You're welcome, have a great day.
Tell me a good nightclub.|Sure, there are 6 fantastic nightclubs in Cambridge. They're located in the centre or south. Would you like more information?
Yes, please may I have the postcode for the first one listed?|Sure. Ballare is in the centre, postcode cb23na. Anything else I can do?
Yes. I would like an expensive restaurant in the same area.|There are 33 expensive restaurants in the centre of cambridge - are you looking for a particular type of cuisine?
Yes. I would like a French restaurant please.|There is a delicious french restaurant called Cote.  Would you like a reservation?
I actually need a place serving modern european food, please.|There is one expensive restaurant in the centre of town that serves modern european food. Would you like me to book you a table at Darrys Cookhouse and Wine Shop?
Yes, please book at table for 4 at 19:15 on Saturday.|I have your reservation all set. Your reference number is X0TX9LWM. Your table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Anything else I can do for you?
That's everything I needed. Thanks!|Glad I could help! Thanks for using Cambridge TownInfo Centre today.
I need to find which train will take me from Norwich to Cambridge on Sunday. Can you tell me?|The first leaves at 6:16 in the morning though there are others almost every hour.
I need one leaving after 17:00.|The TR2974 leaves at 17:16.
That sounds perfect. Could you tell me the travel time and price for that trip?|The travel time is 79 minutes. The price is 14.08 pounds. Would you like to book that?
yes please book that train for 15 people.|Your reference number is UEKLG6II. Do you need anything else?
I am looking for a place to go that is mutliple sports.|The the cherry hinton village centre is in the east area. Would you like information on it?
Can you get me the address and entrance fee?|i am sorry but i actually am not finding any information for cherry hinton village. let me do another search for you.
Try to find a multiple sports attraction, please.|The Cherry Hinton Village Center is in the east. Their address is colville road, cherry hinton. No entrance fee is listed.
Thanks so much. That's all I needed today.|Thanks for using our service!
I am trying to find a museum to go to while I am in Cambridge on holiday.|There are several museums in Cambridge. Is there a certain area you are hoping to visit?
I have no particular area in mind.  Which do you recommend and can I get the entrance fee and phone number please?|There are 23 museums in the area of cambridge what area do you want?
I'm departing cambridge . Can you find a train that leaves after 08:15?|Where will you be going and on what day?
I am trying to get to peterborough on Thursday please.|TR4863 leave at 08:34, would that work for you?
Yes thank you, I would like to book for one ticket. I would also like the reference number please.|I was able to book that ticket for you. Your reference number is EMF3A2D0. Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
Yes can you get me the phone number and entrance fee of a museum? It can be located anywhere in Cambridge.|I have the byard art museum in the south. The phone number is 01223464646 and it is free to enter. Can I help you with anything else today?
I believe that is all, thank you|Have a great day!
I'm looking for a theatre in the centre.|We have four theatres to choose from, I personal recommend the mumford theatre, would you like more information?
Yes, Can you send me the address?|The address is anglia ruskin enterprise, east road. Do you need anything else?
Can I also get the entrance fee, postcode, and phone number? I also need a train.|The entrance fee is not listed. Their phone number is 08451962320 and postcode is cb11pt. Where will your train be departing from and arriving to?
I'm going to broxbourne and departing from cambridge.|There are hourly trains on that route every day from 5:01. Do you know what day and time you'd like to travel?
Oh, I need to leave on Tuesday and need to arrive in Broxbourne by 18:30.  I need to book for 5, with a reference number please.|The reference number is OLH83LVT
Thank you so much! Goodbye.|Thanks for using our service!
Hi I am looking for a train that will arrive by 08:15 and leave on monday.|There are several trains arriving by 08:15 on Monday? Where would you like to leave from and arrive?
It should leave from stansted airport and arrive at cambridge.|I have train TR9641 that arrives at 07:52,what time are you wanting to leave?
Please give me the last train to arrive by 08:15. I will need two tickets.|That would be TR9641. the booking was successful, the total fee is 20.2 GBP payable at the station. Your reference number is: SLW0BCJI. Can I do anything else for you?
I'm looking for a place to go on the west side of town.|There is a free attraction at all saints church.
That would be great.  Can I get the postcode, address, and phone number for it?|The postcode of All Saints Church is  cb58bs. The phone number is 01223452587. The address is Jesus Lane.
Jesus Lane? Really? Okay. That's about it, but can you confirm the church event is happening on Monday?|There's nothing that says there will be a church event on Monday or any other day.
Ok thank you goodbye.|Thank you for contacting Cambridge TownInfo centre.  I hope you have a pleasant trip!  Goodbye!
Hi, I am traveling to Cambridge and am looking forward to trying some local restaurants.  Can you help me with a great place to dine?|What area and what price range would you be interested in ?
I am looking for an expensive place in any area.|What type of food would you like?
British food. And some where in the Centre.|I have 3 places to choose from. All are expensive. I have Fitzbillies, The Cambridge Chop House and Midsummer House Restaurant. Can I reserve a table for you?
Fitzbillies sounds unique, can you book me for 5 people at 17:00 on tuesday?|I have your reservation for tuesday at 17:00 with 5 people, your reference number is UAZUXKIR.  Can I help you with anything else?
Since I'll already be in town, I'd like to check out some colleges in the same area as the Fitzbillies|I have many,does it matter if there an entrance fee?
No, as long as it is in the same area as the restaurant.|Can I recommend king's college,it is a beautiful college in the centre of town.
What is the postcode and phone number?|The phone number is 01223331100 and the postcode is cb21st.  Is there anything else I can help you with?
no, that will be all. goodbye.|Thank you for using our system today.
can you recommend a good place to go in the centre?|Yes! What type of attraction would you like to visit?
Can you suggest one for me please. I need the postcode, entrance fee if any and phone number|the fitzwilliam museum is a museum is free. Postcode: cb21rb. Phone: 01223332900.
Also looking for a 4 star hotel in the same area as the museum.|We have the University Arms, which is an expensive hotel, or the Alexander B&B, which is a charming, but inexpensive, guesthouse.
Can you book a room there for 2 people and two nights? I'll need a reference number as well.|What day will you be staying?
i will be staying for 5 days|I'm sorry... are you staying with two people for two days, or alone for five days? Which days would you like me to reserve?
Never mind the booking. I need a taxi.|Okay what time do you need the taxi?
I want to leave the hotel by 20:00.|What is your destination?
The Fitzwilliam Museum is my destination.|The taxi is all set, look for a grey toyota, they can be reached at 07596698267 if there are any issues.  Any other questions?
Thank you that's all I needed today.|you are welcome all the time
Great, that's all I need...thanks so much! Have a great day!|You're welcome! Have a great day!
I am looking for a hot nightclub around the centre.|There are five nightclubs in the centre. Is there another way I can narrow it down?
Please recommend one that sounds interesting, and give me the entrance fee, address, and postcode.|The club salsa is located on 1 station road. The postcode is cb12jb and the entrance fee is 5 pounds. Is there anything else I could help you with?
I'd like to find somewhere to eat, preferably on the cheap side and serving eritrean.|I am unable to find anything that matches is there something else you would like to eat
How about Chinese food?|There are a few to choose from. Charlie Chan could be good, it's also in the centre. Would you like me to book you a table?
Yes please. Book it for 6 people on Monday at 15:15.|I'm so sorry, but they were unable to accommodate that day and time. Would you like to try for a different time slot or another day?
Yes,what is another good time available for Tuesday night?|I have tried different restaurants and different times for Monday, but there doesn't seem to be availability.  Would you like another day or maybe a different food type?
Could you try it for 14:15? Any cheap Chinese place will do, it doesn't have to be in the centre.|No problem, I have you booked for 6 people at The Lucky Star on Monday, at 14:15. Your reference number is VU6VN1X4. Anything more?
I would also like to book a taxi to go from the nightclub to the restaurant, arriving by the reservation time.|Alright, I have booked your taxi to go between the two destinations. You will be riding in a Black Toyota. Is there anything else I can do for you?
Could I get the contact number for the taxi company as well please?|The contact number of the taxi is 07791994031. Anything else I can help with?
No, that's all. Thank you.|You're are very welcome. Have a great day.
Yeah, could you recommend a good gastropub?|Backstreet Bistro. It's expensive though. There is a moderately priced one called The Cow Pizza Kitchen and Bar if preferred.
I would like to book a table at the Backstreet Bistro for 5 people at 16:00 on Thursday.|No problem.  That is booked for you and your reference number is 2VE84YC5.  Is there anything else I can book for you?
Yes, any suggestions of museums found in the east area of town?|Yes, Gallery at Twelve a High Street is excellent, and has free admission.  Would you like more information?
Can I please have the phone number and address for that place?|Certainly! The address for gallery at twelve a high street is fulbourn and the phone number is 01223295264. Can I help you with anything else?
Great that's all the information I needed today, thank you!|You are very welcome.  Have a nice day.  Good bye.
Can you suggest any museums?|There are a wide variety of museums, do you know which area you'd like to visit?
What do you think is the best museum in the city?  Just let me know the name, phone number and area of city.|I would highly recommend Cambridge Artworks, the gallery is stunning. It is located at 5 Greens Road in the East.
I am also looking for a place to eat, are there any that serve european food in the cheap price range?|I have the river bar and steakhouse on Quayside Off Bridge Street
Is this a restaurant or a bar?|This is a restaurant, anything listed under restaurant is a restaurant and not a bar.  Would you like me to book you?
Sure, let's book it for 7 people on sunday, let's say around 19:45 please.|I am sorry but I was unable to book you at that time.  Would you like to try another time or day?
Can you try the same day and number of people at 18:45?|The booking was successful. Please remember the table is only reserved for 15 minutes. Your reference number is SC7WR3PE.
Thanks. I would also like to book a taxi between the two places.|Would you like to specify a departure or arrival time?
I need to arrive by 18:45|I was able to book your taxi. It is a grey bmw and contact number is 07373540182
Thats all I needed, thanks|You're welcome. Let us know if we can be of anymore assistance. Enjoy your stay.
Hello, I am planning my trip and I need help booking a train. I'd like to go to Broxbourne and l need to leave after 13:00.|What day are you travelling on?
I'll be traveling on Sunday and leaving from Cambridge.|I have a departure at 13:01 and an every hour later at a minute after. Would you like me to book one of those for you?
Yes please book the closest one to my preferred time for 7 people. I would also appreciate a reference number.|Ok.  I booked 7 tickets on TR4414.  Your reference number is 4C0J1MKO.
Great, thanks so much. Can you also recommend a park to visit in town?|Wandlebury Country Park is in the south and has free admission. Would you like the address?
Yes can I get their phone number, and postcode?|01223243830 is their phone number and cb223ae is their postcode. anything else today?
Is there an entrance fee?|No, there is no fee to get in. Can I help you with anything else?
No that will be all! Thank you so much!|You're very welcome! Have a great trip! Bye!
Hi, would you be able to recommend a museum?|Sure.  There are 23 different museums in the city.  Is there an area of town or type of museum you were most interested in?
I don't have a preference. Can you please recommend one?|I would recommend the byard art. Will that work?
That would be perfect. May I get the area, phone number and address?|Yes, the address is 14 King's Parade.  Was there anything else you would like to know?
What about the area and phone number?|The Byart Museum is located in the South area and the phone number is: 01223464646.
I am also looking for a restaurant.|What type of cuisine you looking for so I can narrow my search ?
A Swiss restaurant in the West.|I'm sorry, I'm not finding any Swiss restaurants in the West. Would you like to try a different type of cuisine?
Can you please try Indian food instead.|There are 6 Indian restaurants in the west. They are all expensive. I recommend cocum.
Alright, can you book that for me? 2 people for monday at 19:15. I will need a reference number as well|I am sorry, but it appears that the restaurant booking system is down right now.  Can I help you with something else?
Can you help me get a taxi?|Certain, do you want that to or from the restaurant?
I will be going from the museum to the restaurant.|Do you know what time you would like to arrive since our system is down for booking the restaurant?
Can you try to book at 18:15 instead first, no sense in setting a taxi time to the restaurant without a reservation|I was able to book that for you. Your reference number is SSCJDA5F.
Great! I want to make sure the taxi arrives at the restaurant by the booked time.|You taxi booking has been completed! Lookout for a blue skoda, contact number 07784289735. Can I help with something else?
I have the museum, restaurant and taxi lined up. That's everything. Thank you for your assistance. Goodbye.|Have a wonderful trip and thank you for calling Cambridge TownInfo centre.
I am looking for an attraction named Club Salsa.|Club Salsa is a nightclub located in the city centre. Is there any other information I can provide?
Yes. Can you give me the postcode for Club Salsa?|The post code for Club Salsa is cb12jb.  Is there anything else I can help you with?
I would like to find a train from Cambridge going to the Stansted Airport.|Sure, I can help you with that. When would you like to travel?
I'd like to leave on Wednesday after 10:00, please.|TR2762 leaves at 10:40 and arrives at 11:08.  Would you like to book that one?
yes and i need the reference number|How many tickets do you need to purchase?
I will need 4 tickets. Please send me the reference number too.|Alright, your reference number is: FLYM23D4, the total fee is 40.4 GBP payable at the station. Anything else I can do for you today?
That's all I need today.  Thanks for your help!  Goodbye.|Have a great day!
I'm interested in booking a train for Tuesday please. I need one that arrives by 09:15|Ok.. where will you be departing from?
The train should depart from Ely and arrive at Cambridge.|That narrows it down to 2 options. I have train TR6971 that leaves at 07:35 and will arrive in Cambridge by 07:52. Would that work for you?
I want the train that arrive in Cambridge by 07:52, can you bookm it for me ?|I sure can, for how many people?
Actually, I don't need the ticket right now. Could you recommend a museum in the centre, though?|I have 11 of them to choose from. Are you looking for one in particular? If I may, might I suggest the Regency Gallery. It's recently added lots of exhibits.
Yes please that sounds great can I have the post code?|Of course! The postcode is cb11er.
Great, that's all I need thank you!|You are welcome, enjoy the rest of your day.
You too, goodbye, this should be the end of our chat.|Thank you very much! Goodbye.
Are there any museums on the West side?|Yes, there are 7! What type of museum would you like to visit?
pick one for me and i would need the address and entrance fee|people's portraits exhibition at girton college	has free entrance and is located at girton college, huntingdon road, can i give you the phone number?
No that's all I needed. Can you find me a train that arrives to Cambridge by 8:45 from Norwich?|I have many options that meet that criteria. Would you like to narrow it down by departure time or day of travel?
I'd like to arrive by 08:45 on sunday.|There are 3 trains on Sunday, arriving at 06:35, 07:35, and 08:35. Which one would you like to book?
Actually, I don't need to book just yet. Could you tell me the price and the id of the train arriving at 08:35?|The TR420 is 14.08 pounds.  How is that?
That is great, that is all I need for now.|Terrific. I'm glad I could help. Have a great trip. Goodbye.
What kind of entertainment is there in the centre?|There is no entertainment in the centre. Would you like to try another part of the city?
Are there any architectural attractions in the centre?|There are 5 that match your request. All are churches except for one which is a school. Would you like more information on any of these?
Okay, well then how about architecture?|Yes you mentioned that. How about Old Schools?
What is the postcode for Old Schools? Also I need a train that leaves after 13:45 on Friday. Can you tell me what is available?|cb21tt is the postcode for Old Schools.  What is the area that you would like to depart from for the travel arrangements?
The train should leave from ely and go to cambridge|Okay, for sure. I booked it.
I'm looking for a good museum to visit in the center of town.  Can you recommend anything?|There are 11 museums in the centre. The broughton house gallery doesn't have a fee. Would you like more information?
Yes, please. Can I get the phone number?|broughton house gallery's phone number is 01223314960
I also need a train going to Cambridge and need to arrive by 15:30.|And where will you be departing from?
I am departing from norwich on Tuesday.|TR2098 will arrive in Cambridge at 14:35 on Tuesday. Would you like to book passage on that train?
No thank you. Could you just tell me the departure time?|Yes, it leaves at 13:16.
Thanks for being so helpful.  That is all I need today.  Bye.|You're welcome, have a great day!
Hi, I'm traveling to Cambridge and would like to find some places to go. Can you help me?|Yes I can! There are a total of 79 different attractions in Cambridge that you can visit. Is there a particular type of attraction you would like to see?
I'm looking for something in the centre of town, maybe an art museum?|There are a couple locations that fit that criteria. Could I recommend William's Art and Antiques museum?
That sounds great. Can I please have the address, entrance fee, and phone number?|Yes! The address is gwydir street, no. 5 dale's brewery; the entrance fee is free; and the phone number is 01223311687. Can I help with anything else today?
I'm going to need a place to stay that has free wifi and in a guesthouse. The hotel rating a zero star.|El Shaddai fits your preferences and is located in the centre of town.  Would you like me to make a reservation?
Can you tell me the phone number, address and price range for El Shaddai?|The price range is cheap, you would need to call for more specific information.  Their phone number is 01223327978, and they are located at 41 Warkworth Street.  Anything else?
No, that's it.  Thanks!|Have a great day!
Can you help me find a train to cambridge?|Sure, what time would you like to arrive?
As long as I leave London Kings Cross after 21:15, I'm flexible with arrival time.|The TR1581 leaves at 21:17. Do you want to book it?
What is the arrival time for TR1581?|The arrival time is 22:08.  Is there anything else I can help you with today?
What is the price?|The price per ticket s 23.60.  May I help you with anything else?
We want to have some fun !|Okay, there are lots of attractions in town. Do you have a preference on type or area?
Not really sure but I'd like it to be in the centre of town . Do you have any suggestions?|There's 44 attractions in the centre. I suggest old schools. It is an architecture attraction that is free
That sounds nice. Can you give me their address and phone number, please?|Would you like the information for all saints church?
Do you have their address?|The address of All Saint's Church is Jesus Lane. Old Schools is in Trinity Lane. I'm so sorry, I'm not sure which you wanted.
I just need the phone number of All Saint's Church, and then I'll be all set.|The phone number is 01223452587. Is there anything else I can help you with?
That's all actually. Thanks so much. See ya!|You are welcome. Before you go, do you need help with a restaurant or taxi?
No I rather enjoy walking. Thanks. Goodbye.|Great, please let us know if you need any further assistance. Good bye.
Can you book a hotel for me? I would like a 3 star hotel or greater in downtown Cambridge for tonight for 2 people.|There is one called the Gonville Hotel, but it's expensive. Is this alright?
yes that would be fine. Are there any colleges in the centre that we can also visit? And may I have the address please?|There are four in the area that are free and one that has a fee of 2 pounds, would you like more information?
Sure, which one would you recommend of the free ones?|I would recommend Saint Catherine's College located at King's Parade, postcode cb23rl.
Thank you, I actually need a guesthouse with free parking.|Thank you for clarifying that you need a guest house. So that I might best find the right place for you, could you restate any other needs with regards to lodgings?
I need free parking in the moderate pricerange.|Unfortunately, I do not have any 3-star rated guesthouses that are moderately priced and in the centre with free parking. Would you like to change any criteria?
No that is ok! I decided that free parking is not a deal breaker for me. So can I book that guest house?|I don't see any 3 star guesthouses available in the centre. However Alexander Bed and Breakfast is a nice 4 star, cheap guesthouse. Does that work?
Does that guesthouse come with free wifi?|Yes, they do offer free internet as well as free parking. Would you like me to book a room for you there?
yup.  5 nights just 1 person please, let's shoot for Monday.  Thanks.|I'm sorry, your booking was unsuccessful, probably because the guesthouse is booked for some or all of these days. Would you like to try a shorter stay, or book another day?
Okay. Let's try for four nights and may I get the reference number.|I was able to find availability for 4 days.  Booking was successful.
Reference number is : 84JDP6OG.
Great!  That should be all I need.  Thanks for your help.  Goodbye.|You're welcome!  Have a great day!
Hi, I can't wait to get to Cambridge and am especially excited about seeing some local tourist attractions.  I could definitely use some help with the rest of my trip.|Cambridge has many important and historic sites to visit, can you tell me what types of attractions interest you most?
Actually, skip that. Let's see if there's a great restaurant to try instead. I am open as far as cuisine but want something expensive in the centre of town.|There are 33 restaurants including Bedouin which is African cuisine.
Sounds good, could you book me a table for 5 on Monday at 17:00?|Congradulatoions your reservation was successful. Your reference number is 4H8L8VFA
After dinner we would like to visit a park.  Can you find one for me.  Please let  me know the entrance fee, postcode, and area.  Thank you!|Sure, there are a number of parks.  Was there a specific area of town you were looking for?
I don't have a preference for the area.|I recommend Wandlebury Country Park on the south side of town.  Entrance is free and the postcode is cb223ae.
Thank you.  Could you also book a taxi to commute between the two places?|Definitely! What time would you like to leave Bedouin?
No, I need a taxi to Bedouin. I want to arrive by the booked time.|Your taxi reservation was successful. The contact number is 07420542713. Is there anything else I can do for you?
Great. what kind of car will I be riding in so I don't get into the wrong one?|Red toyota, they can be reached at 07420542713 if there are issues, any other questions today?
Thank you so much for your help.|You're welcome.  Have a wonderful day!
I need a train that will depart from stansted airport and should leave on monday|I can help you with that. Can you confirm if your destination is Cambridge and any time preference you have?
Yes, my destination is Cambridge and I need to leave after 19:30.|I show 4 possible options.  Is there a particular time you would like to arrive by?
It doesn't matter. I just need tickets for four people.|I have booked you 4 tickets on train TR3873. It will depart at 20:24 and will arrive by 20:52. Your reference number is CBFDX67S. Anything else I can help with?
Yeah, I'm also looking for a place to go, perhaps an attraction in the east.|There are a few attractions located in the east.  What type of attraction are you looking for? There are museums, boats, sports, parks, and etc.
Whichever is your favorite would be fine.|I would recommend the cambridge museum of technology.
What type of attraction is that?|It is located at the old pumping station, cheddars lane. The cost of admission is 5 pounds
Is it a specific type of attraction?|It's a museum. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No that is all thanks for your help. Have a good day.|Thank you for using our system.  Good bye.
Hi, I'm looking for information on entertainment attractions located in the centre.|I'm sorry. At the moment there are no entertainment attractions available in the centre.
Can you help me find a restaurant?|Sure, I can help with that.  Are you sure I can't help you find another attraction that you may like?  There are so many great things to see.
You convinced  me.  How about a college?|Yes, there several colleges available.  Most have free entry.  Do you have one in mind?
No. Just give me your best recommendation.|I recommend emmanuel college they are free to visit and located on saint andrew's street. Do you still want me to find a restaurant?
Not at this time but could you help me with a moderate priced hotel|We have 18 choice sany other preferences, any at all?  please dont make me pick between 18 places, I want to make sure we find a good fit for you.
I need a moderately priced hotel with free parking and wifi.|Please show me a moderately priced hotel nearby, and please make sure it includes free wifi and parking.
I need a moderately priced hotel with free parking and wifi.|I RECOMMEND acorn guest house
That sounds good. please book it for 6 people and 5 nights starting from thursday.|Ok, I've made the booking for you. Your reference number is : UZ1KFAAI.
that is all i needed for now. have a great day|Thanks! You have a great day as well! Bye!
I'm looking for attractions in town that are in the architecture category.|Ah, we have some of the most beautiful architecture locally. I have 5 different venues to choose from. All are located in the centre of town.
If you could choose your favorite and provide me the area, postcode and phone # that would be great.|My favorite is Old Schools, which is free to enter. They're located on trinity lane in postcode cb21tt. Their phone number is 01223332320.
Thanks! I'm also looking for a place to stay in the south that has free parking.|There are 4 places that meet your criteria. What price range are you looking for?
I'm looking for a place in the south that provides free wifi. Is there anything like that?|All four of the places include free wifi. Is there a particular price range you are wanting or would you like a recommendation?
What about free wifi and free parking?|Yes, those 4 places all offer free wifi and free parking.
Can you give me a name of the hotel?|aylesbray lodge guest house is in 5 mowbray road
Thank you.  Please confirm the number of stars and postal code for aylesbray.|The star rating for the Aylesbray Lodge Guest House is 4 and the postal code is cb17sr.  Anything else?
Thank you!  That should be all.  Goodbye!|If you have any further questions please let us know.
I'm looking for a place to stay, can you book that?|Can you tell me more details? Allenball is a 4 star guesthouse for a great price.
Is that on the west side of town? I like the 4-star guesthouse idea, but I need it to be moderately-priced and on the west side.|I have nothing on the west side can I check another area?
Hmm. I think I should stay on the west, is there maybe a cheap option available instead?|The finches bed and breakfast is a cheap option in this area.
okay sold! book it for 5 nights for 2 on tuesday, and I need the ref # too please|Okay. Your booking was successful. The reference number is OAOWJ7FF. Can I help you with anything else today?
I would also like to find a great place to visit that is located near the hotel. Do you have any recommendations?|There are many colleges and museums in the west part of the city, what type of attraction are you interested in?
Doesn't matter. As long as I receive the address and post code as well.|I would suggest Magdalene College. It is located on Magdalene Street and the post code is cb30ag.
Awesome. Now please book me a taxi to go from Magdalene college to the hotel. I want to leave the college by 03:45|A grey skoda will pick you up at Magdalene College at 03:45 to take you to Finches Bed and Breakfast. The driver's contact number is 07909322670.
Okay, thank you. That's all I need.|You're welcome! Enjoy your time in cambridge!
Hi, I am traveling to Cambridge next month and am so excited to see some local tourist attractions.  I do need help with a place to stay.|What area of town will you be staying in?
I need information for the warkworth house for my hotel.|The Warkworth House is a guesthouse located on the east side of town in the moderate price range with a 4 star rating, free internet and parking. Anything else?
Yes, can you book that for me and send me a reference number please?|I can certainly help you book a room. I will just need to know how many guests, how many days you are staying, and what day you plan to arrive.
I need it for 4 people, we're staying 2 nights starting Thursday.|You're all set! Your reference number is XM6Q1AUA.
Thank you! I'm also looking for a good museum to go to.|In what area?
It does not matter and please provide the entrance fee.|I can suggest the Castle Galleries in the city centre. There is no entrance fee.
Okay. Can you help me book a taxi to get to there from my hotel?|Sure I can help you with that. What time do you want to leave or arrive by?
I want to leave the attraction by 16:15. Please send me the contact number and car type.  Thank you!|You're all set! The car will be a grey tesla and the contact number is 07137237413.
Awesome! That is all I need for now, thank you!|Glad I was able to help you today. Goodbye.
Can you find a place in town that serves Polynesian food?|Sorry, I couldn't find any of that food type.
Well, how about some other kind of food, in the cheap price range.  I think I'd like to stick to the north.|There is da vinci pizzeria, an Italian food place, and also royal spice, an Indian food place.
How about the Italian place, can you make a reservation?|I can definitely make a reservation. What day are you looking to book it?
Saturday at 13:00 please.  I need a table for 8.|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Reference number is : 93YHU8BN. anything else?
Nope, that is everything. Thanks!|I am glad I can help you. Have a wonderful day and thank you for using our services!
I am looking for information in Cambridge.|Great! What type of attraction are you looking for?
I should have mentioned this before, sorry for wasting everyone's time.  I need info on a place called museum of archaelogy and anthropology, what area is it in?|That museum is located in the centre of town. Their address is University of Cambridge, Downing Street. They also offer free entrance.
I also need to book a train for sunday|what time should it depart ?
I need to get from Ely to Cambridge, and I need to leave after 19:30.|Yes please book a seat on the train from Ely to Cambridge leaving after 19:30. Thank you.
Hi, I'm interested in getting some information about the cherry hinton village centre in Cambridge.|It is a multiple sports venue on the east side of town.  The phone number is 01223576412.
What is their entrance fee?|I'm afraid that the entrance fee is unknown. Would you like the phone number?
No, thanks. Could you recommend a hotel in the west with free parking?|The cambridge belfry is a cheap hotel, 4 star, and offers free parking and WiFi. Would you like me to book you a stay?
Is it a guesthouse? I'm looking for a guesthouse.|No, but the finches bed and breakfast is. Can I book you a room there?
I actually don't need reservations just information.  What can you tell me about the Finches Bed and Breakfast?|finches bed and breakfast is a 4 start guesthouse in the west part of town in the cheap price range with free internet and parking.
What's their postcode?|their postcode is cb30nd
OK. Would it be possible to get a taxi from the guesthouse to the sports complex?|Yes, I can do that. I just need to know when you want to leave or arrive by, please/
I want to leave the hotel at 22:45.|A taxi has been booked. It is a grey Tesla and the phone number is 07972543757.
Thank you so much! You've been so helpful. That's all I need. Have a good day. Goodbye.|Your welcome, have a great day too!
Hi I am looking for an entertainment venue in the centre of town.|Unfortunately, there is no such place in town. Could you like to consider other areas of town?
how about one that is in the type of cinema?|Vue cinema is available, they are at the grafton centre, east road, postal cb11ps, they can be reached at 08712240240, can I assist with anything else?
Yes, is there a restaurant also in that same area?|what price range do you want your restaurant.
I'd like to save some money for other things, so let's find one that's on the cheap, please.|There are 15 cheap restaurants in the centre. What type of food do you want to eat?
I don't care. What do you recommend out of those options?|The Dojo Noodle Bar is available, should I book it for you?
Yes. It'll be just me dining. I want to reserve thursday at 18:00 there. Give me the reference number too please|I am unable to book at this time.
Oh, that's too bad. How about Monday?|I am unable to make that booking for you. Would you like to make a reservation at another restaurant for Monday?
Try once more in case they fixed the system glitch, if not Ill try any other place that you recommend.|I am still unable to make that booking for you. Would you like to make a reservation at another restaurant for Monday?
Yes please that would be okay I guess.|How many people will be dining?
1 person at 18:00 on Monday, please.|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : XL39ZCSJ. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Can you have a taxi pick me up at vue cinema and bring me to the restaurant, arriving by 18:00?|A black toyota has been booked, and you can call 07409806592 to reach the driver if you need. Anything else today?
That's everything! thanks a bunch! bye!|I want to confirm your restaurant reservation is for Dojo Noodle Bar. Sorry for the previous delay. I am glad I was able to help you. Goodbye.
Hi, I'm looking for a theater.|Do you have a location preference?
Not especially, could you give me a recommendation?|ADC Theatre in the centre is nice.  Would you like the address?
Yes, please. Also, what is their phone number?|The phone number is 01223300085 and the address is on park street, postcode cb58as
I also need a train ticket.|I'd be happy to help you find a train.  Where would you be departing from and where would we be going to?
I will be going to Peterborough from Cambridge. Hoping to leave on Monday.|What time would you like to arrive or leave?
The train should arrive by 19:00 and should depart from cambridge.|I have a train leaving Cambridge at 5:06 and arriving to Peterborough at 5:56. The price is 16.50 pounds per ticket, would you like me to book it?
Yes, please book for 7 people, and give me the reference number.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 115.5 GBP payable at the station .
Reference number is : U0JGF786.
Awesome, thanks a lot. That's all I needed today.|You're welcome, have a great day.
Hello, I am looking for a museum attraction in the south part of town.|Byard Art is a museum in the south. It is free and located at 14 King's Parace. Phone #01223464646.
Sorry, I think I garbled that- it's at 14 King's... what's the address again?|I am not sure what you asked the address is in the chat history. Thanks
Ok, thank you.  Also, I need a place to stay in the moderate price range.  Free parking is not necessary.|What area would you like to stay in?
I'd like to stay in the east.|There is carolina bed and breakfast that is 4 stars and moderately priced. It has free parking and internet.  Would you like me to book this for you?
No thanks. That's all the help I need today.|Thank you for using our service today!
Actually, could you find a hotel for me? I would like it to be in the moderate price range.|carolina bed and breakfast is a great pic. It is a 4 star guesthouse in the east part of town in the moderate price range with both free internet and parking
That sounds lovely. Could you book it for me please? The 4 of us are coming in on Sunday for 4 nights.|I will book that for you now.
Thank you, please do!|Done! Your reference number is LFN02VLJ. Can I help you with anything else?
Yes I will need a taxi between the hotel and venue and I need to leave the hotel by 22:45.|Would you like me to book it for you?
Yes, please. Leaving the hotel by 22:45.|The car picking you up will be a black tesla and their contact number is 07911492515. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
No that will be it. Thank you.|You're welcome, let me know if I can assist with anything else.
i am looking for a place to go in the centre and should be the type of boat.|I found two boats for you: Scudamores Punti Co and The Cambridge Punter. Do you want more information about one or both of these?
Can you please provide me with the phone number, address and postcode for each of those?|Scudamores Punting Co is at granta place, mill lane, postcode cb21rs, and phone 01223359750. The Cambridge Punter is at 251a chesterton road., postcode cb41as, and phone 07807718591.
I also am looking for a place to stay in the center with a star rating of 4.|We have two place, one a guesthouse and one a hotel, what would you like?
Do either of them have free wifi?|Both have free wifi! The Alexander Bed and Breakfast is a guesthouse and the University Arms Hotel is a hotel.
Allrighty, can I book a room for 3 people at the University Arms Hotel, for 4 nights starting on Saturday?|Booking was successful.  Your reference number is : WSOW3X5U.  What else can I help you with today?
nope that's it thanks for your help|Of course have a great day!
I am looking for a restaurant that serves gastropub food and is expensively priced.|I have 3 that match. One is in the east area and two are in the centre. Do you have a preference?
I have no preference, can you give me the postcode, phone number, and area for the closest one?|The backstreet bistro phone number is 01223306306 and the post code is cb12qa.
And what part of town is that in?|The Backstreet Bistro is in the town Centre. Do you want me to book you a table?
No I will just go there. Can you help me find some museums in the centre of town?|There are several museums in the center of town.  Is there anything in particular you are interested in seeing?
Is there one you would recommend and the address please?|I would recommend the Backstreet Bistro. Their address is 2 Sturton Street City Centre
Great, that's all I needed to know.|Great, enjoy your trip!
Thank you, goodbye again.|Thanks for using our system
What entertainment attractions are there in the east side of town?|The Cherry Hinton Hall and Grounds is located on Cherry Hinton Road and is always a fun place.  Does that interest you?
That sounds great.  Can you give me their phone number?|Sure. Their number is 01223446104. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Do you have any information on their entrance fees?|Unfortunately, they haven't listed their entrance fees.
That's ok.  I'll call them.  Can you help me find a moderately priced place to stay?|Are you looking to stay in the east? There are three moderately priced, 4 star guesthouses there.
What about 3 star places? And i need free parking.|I'm sorry there are no matching results.
Can you try a guesthouse withouth free parking?|I'm not finding any guesthouses that meet your criteria. Would you like to try a different area, price range, or stars?
So you can't find a moderately priced guesthouse with 3 stars and free parking anywhere in cambridge at all? Area doesn't matter. Please try again?|i cant find it anywhere. can we change the price range?
I know I have found places with those requirements before. I just don't remember the name. I really want to stay moderately priced with the 3 stars and parking.|There are no hotels matching your criteria in the East, but there are 3 hotels in the south, north, and west. Would you like to try one of those?
Ok,thanks anyway for your help|Are you sure you don't want me to check another area for you to stay?
Any moderately price guesthouse will work|I have the hamilton lodge located in the north.
Does it offer free parking? If yes, please book a room for 2 for 2 nights. We'll be checking in on Wednesday|your all set confirmation is EAD5DHHC. Anything else for you today?
No thank you that will be all|thank you for using this service good bye
Can you help me find a park please?|We have 5 beautiful parks in Cambridge. My favorite is the Botanic Gardens in the center. It's 4 pounds to get in, but definitely worth it.
That sounds great! Can I get their postcode please?|Yes, the postcode is cb21jf.
Thanks! I'm also looking for a train going to cambridge.|I'd love to help! where are departing from and which day?
I'd like to leave after 10:45 on Monday. I'm departing from Ely.|There is a train leaving at 11:17.
make a booking for 3 people.|You're all set! Your total, which is payable at the station is 70.8 GBP. Your Reference number is : KCRPUI1L. Can I assist you with anything else today?
That should be everything. Thank you very much!|Wonderful! Have a great day!
Thank you, you as well!|Thank you, take care!
I am planning a trip in Cambridge|OK, what type of information are you looking for?
I need to find a train to arrive on Saturday by 11:45 going to Cambridge from Bishops Stortford.|Train number TR6163 leaves Bishops Stotford at 05:29 and arrives in Cambridge by 06:07. Would you like a ticket for this one?
Yes, I would like a ticket for one please.|Your booking was successful. Your reference number is CQB3NI5K. Is there anything else?
How much is the ticket going to cost me?  Do I pay you?|The cost of the ticket is 8.08 GBP and it's payable at the station.  Anything else I can help you with?
Yes, can you help me find places to go in town?|Yes, is there a specific type of attraction you would like to see?
Yes, what do you recommend for entertainment?|I suggest the funky fun house on the east side of town!
Ok great! What type of entertainment is that?|it's listed as "entertainment"
Of course.  Can you tell me the address and entrance fee please?|8 mercers row, mercers row industrial estate	is the address but there is no entrance fee in our data base
Thank. That is all I need.|Happy to have been of assistance. Please let us know if there is anything else we can do for you. Goodbye.
I've heard of your Museum of Classical Archaeology, and I'd like to know more about it.|The Museum of Classical Archaeology is in the west part of town. Would you like the address or phone number?
The west part of town? Sure, give me more info about it?|It's address is at sidgwick avenue and it is free to enter. Would you like their phone number as well?
No, but I need a cheap chinese restaurant nearby as well.|There aren't any cheap Chinese restaurants nearby but there are 4 in town. Would you be interested in any of those?
Yes, please.  I need it for 8 people at 14:00 Thursday and a reference number.|I have that booked for you at Charlie Chan's in the centre of town. Reference number E41S2AFE
I'll need a taxi to commute between the two.|I have you booked at charlie chan on thursday at 14:00 here is your Reference number is : E41S2AFE.
Can I please also book a taxi between the museum and the restaurant?|When would you like the leave and arrive by?
I don't mind what time we leave, but I need to arrive at the restaurant by 14:00.|I was able to book that taxi for you. Be looking for a black Skoda. Should you need to contact them, their phone number is 07389012325. Anything else?
What time did you book the taxi to pick me up at the museum?|They did not mention what time that would be, only that you'd be arriving at the restaurant by 14:00. Perhaps you can give them a ring at that contact number?
I'll do that. Could you please tell me once more the contact number and the car type?|The car type is a black skoda and the contact number is 07389012325. Is there anything else I can do?
That is all. Thank you.|Thank you and enjoy your visit. Have a great day.
Thank you once again for your help.|Please have a nice day.
I'm looking for some cheap Chinese food. Got any restaurants that fit the bill?|Yes there are four. What area would you like to dine in, the centre or south?
I would like the centre.|There are 3 cheap chinese restaurants in the centre. charlie chan, rice house, and golden house. Would you like to make a reservation?
Yes, I'd like to make a reservation at the Rice House for one person at 11:00 on Sunday please.|I made a booking for you on that day. Your reference number is O2T3BYQU. What else can I do for you?
I am looking for any multiple sport attractions near the restaurant to visit.|We don't have any sports attractions in the centre.
Are there any museums in that area?|Yes, quite a few! There's the Museum of Archaeology and Anthropology, the Whipple Museum of the History of Science, and more. Would you like to hear about some of the others?
Please provide the entrance fees.|The entrance fees vary.  I can show you something with no entrance fee if you'd like?
I would like you to pick a nice on and give me more info on it please.|castle galleries has free entry. Their phone number is 01223307402, postcode cb23bj, and address unit su43, grande arcade, saint andrews street
Yes that one sounds nice. Can you tell me when they open and close also?|I'm sorry their hours aren't listed, you can call them at 01223307402 for that information.  Is there anything else you need help with today?
No that's everything for me today! Thank you!|Thank you for choosing Cambridge TownInfo centre. Have a nice day!
I would like help finding a college to visit in the centre of town.|There are 13. I could recommend Trinity College on Trinity Street. Or would you like information about one of the others?
That sounds good. Could you give me the entrance fee, phone number, and postcode?|Of course. The address is Trinity Street, postcode is CB21TQ, and the entrance fee is one pound. Can I help you with anything else?
Yes I'm also looking for a train that leaves wednesday and arrives by 17:00.|TR3702 LEAVES AT 05:00 CAN I BOOK THAT ONE FOR YOU?
Does this train go to Leicester from Cambridge?|Sorry. TR2052 departs from leicester and the destination is cambridge. It leaves at 15:09 on Wednesday. Would you like me to book it for you?
Yes and please give me the reference number.|Certainly. Just to verify, are you traveling alone? You would only like one ticket?
Yes, I only need 1 ticket for myself.|How early do you wish to arrive? There are 11 trains that will get you there before 17:00.
I would like to arrive by 17:00 in leicester.|OK, I've booked one ticket for you on TR0451 from cambridge to leicester, arriving at 16:06. Ref# 8OZNJHMO. Can I help you with anything else today?
I think that is all I need, thank you.|Thank you for using our service. Have a good night. Goodbye.
Which trains arrive in Cambridge by 17:15?|There are many at that time,can I get a departure site?
Yes I need it to depart from  norwich.|I have a train that arrives in cambridge at 16:35.  Will that work for you?
Yes, what is the ID and price, please?|The train ID is TR9266. Is there anything else?
And what is the price and departure time?|The price is 17.60 pounds. The departure time is 15:16. Would you like to book it?
Yes please book it for me.|How many tickets do you need to book?
I need to find a restaurant in the center of town. A place offering Vietnamese food, if possible.|There are no vietnamese locations in the centre of town.
really, it should be expensive.|There is a cheap vietnamese restaurant on the west side, but that is all.
How about turkish food?|There is one expensive Turkish eatery in city centre; Meze Bar Restaurant. Would you like to make reservations?
Yes and I need a confirmation number thank you|What day would you like to book for?
I'm not sure yet, can I have the phone number and postcode so I can book the table?|Meze Bar Restaurant is located in the cb13nf zip code, but there is no phone number listed. Would you like the address?
No, I would like to check out going to a boat.|What area would you like this in?
It doesn't matter to me.|I have 4 entries that fit.  Would you like a couple numbers, so you can call and get more info? Unfortunately, no entrance fees are listed.
No, thanks. Please just select one for me and then let me know the area and address.|riverboat georgina is in the north. The address is cambridge passenger cruisers, jubilee house. Can I get you anything else today?
I also need a taxi. Can you help with that?|Sure, where would you liked to be picked up?
I want to leave the Riverboat Georgina by 23:30, please.|What would be your destination please?
The acorn guest house please.|Your taxi has been booked. It is a grey Lexus. The contact number is 07308344442. Is there anything else that I can help you with today?
No, thank you. I have everything I need at this time.|Alright. Have a good day now.
Hi I'm looking for a place to go in the centre of town.|Any more specifics?
I would really like to see a museum. Maybe get a little more culture under my belt.|There are 11 museums in the area, all free. Anything in particular you are interested in? There are art, architecture, archaeology, and historical museums.
Surprise me! Can you send me the address and postcode for the one you choose?|I'm a fan of wipple museum of the history of science.  They're at free school lane, post code cb23rh.  Can I help you with anything else today?
I'm also looking for a restaurant in the same area as the museum that serves north american food. Could you get me the number, postcode, and address please?|Certainly, Gourmet Burger Kitchen is an expensive north american restaurant , address Regent Street City Center, phone 01223312598.  Would you like a reservation?
That sounds nice.Sure, I like a reservation in the Gourmet Burger Kitchen, and I need the address.|The address is Regent Street City Centre, how many should I book for and what time?
Can I get the postcode for them please?|The postcode for the gourmet burger kitchen is cb21ab. May I assist you with anything else?
No, that will be all, thanks! Goodbye.|Excellent. Have a good night!
I am looking to find an expensive restaurant in the north area of town.|I have five restaurants matching your request.  Would you like Asian, Chinese, European, or French food?
European sounds good!|Would you like me to go ahead with booking at city stop restaurant?
Not right now. Can you give me their address and postcode?|Sure, city stop restaurant, Cambridge City Football Club Milton Road Chesterton cb41uy, phone 01223363270. Would you like to book a table?
No thank you. Are there any parks in town?|there is milton country park in the north, it's in the address milton country park, milton.
Okay, thank you. What is the entrance fee?|Entrance is free at Milton Country Park.
I also need a taxi to pick me up from Milton Country park  by 20:30.|I can book a taxi for you but will need to know your destination in order to book it for you.
My destination is City Stop Restaurant.|I have booked a taxi for you for 20:30. Look for a yellow bmw. Contact number is 07961088935
Wonderful. Thanks for help.|If you need anything else, we're always here and ready to help!
Can you help me find a train leaving on sunday after 12:00.|I'd be happy to help you find something. Can you tell me where you will be departing from?
I am leaving from peterborough going to cambridge|Train number TR9345 leaves Peterborough at 12:19 and arrives in Cambridge around 13:09. Would you like a ticket for this train?
i want tickets for 3 people and give me reference number.|Your reference number is : OYYUXXUM. Can I help with anything else?
im also looking for a place to go in town|We have many fantastic attractions! Would you like to narrow it down by area or type?
I don't care where- just a museum.|cambridge artworks would suit your needs. Can I get you more info on it?
Yes can I get the info please?|It is located at 5 Greens Road in the centre area of town.  The phone number is 01223902168.  The admission is free.
Thank you and what is the postcode?|Cambridge Artworks is in postcode cb13ef. Do you need anything else?
No thats all I needed. Thank you!|You're welcome. Have a great day!
Do you have any great places to visit in the centre?|Indeed we do! 44 of them, in fact. We have nightclubs and concerthalls as well as museums and theatres. What strikes your fancy?
Not really, what do you suggest, and can you provide address and phone number?|Primavera is a museum in the centre located at 10 king s parade. The phone number is 01223357708.
Great I'm also looking for a tuscan restaurant in the centre of town too|i dont have anything available. for that. Do you have another choice
Ok, what about mediterranean food?|Do you have a price range?  There are both cheap and expensive options.
Price range doesn't matter.|I would suggest la gardenia.
Can you book that for 2 people at 11:30 on friday?|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Reference number is : 3BCC8OGU.
Thank you. That was all I needed.|You're welcome, have a great day!
I'm looking for attractions in the east, can you help me?|There are a variety of attractions in the east. Are you looking for something specific?
Not exactly. Something that is popular. With and address please.|How does Cambridge Artworks sound?  That is located at 5 Greens Road, would you like a phone number as well?
Not today, I just need to get a train that will arrive by 08:45 in cambridge|Where are you departing from?
I'm departing from ely on Sunday.|I have train TR1037 arriving at 07:52. That is the one closest to your time.
Okay, could you book that for 5 people?|Yes, I can. You're booked on TR1037 departing at 7:35, reference number O9MIRYW2. The fee is 17.60 at the station. Can I help you with anything else?
No that is all I need today. Thank you for your help.|You are welcome.  Please let us know if you need help with anything on a later date.
Hello, I need to book a train at 07:15 leaving Cambridge going to the town center on Thursday for 7 people.|Sure I can help with that. There are no trains going to the town centre. Do you have another destination in mind?
Could you check for a bus?|I think we may need to recheck your intended arrival location. To where and from where do you wish to travel?
I am leaving from Cambridge at 14:30.|And where are you going?
I will be going to ely.|What time do you want to arrive by?
Doesn't matter. I just can't leave until 14:30|There is a 15:50 train that will arrive at 16:07.  Does that sound good?
Does the train depart on Friday? Does it go to Stevenage?|I'm sorry, earlier you said you were going to Ely, but now you're asking about stevenage. What is your destination, please?
For Clarification: From Cambridge to destination Stevenage,, on friday, leaving after 14:30.|sorry about that, how many tickets?
just one person|There are five available trains, leaving every two hours, starting at 15:21.  Would you like me to book at seat on the earliest train?
Do you know how long the travel time is and the price?|The travel time for all trains is approximately 49 minutes and each ticket costs 12.80 pounds. Would you like me to book you on one?
No, that is all thanks.|You're welcome, let me know if I can assist with anything else.
i need a place to stay|Sure, do you have an area of town you want to stay in?
I'd like to stay in the east.  I'm looking for a 4 star hotel.  I don't need any parking.|Okay, I recommend the Autumn House. It is a guest house in the cheap price range. Would you like me to book a reservation?
No, thank you.|Can I help you with anything else?
Do you have any places that are hotels, not guest houses?|There aren't any 4 star hotels available in the east.
I guess I'll book the guesthouse for 4 people, 4 nights starting wednesday.|I'm sorry, after taking a second look, the Autumn House is not located in the east area.  Would A&B Guest House be okay?  It's also 4-star.
Yes. Need it in the east. Star of 4 and do not care about parking, but do need it to be a hotel not guesthouse.|I am sorry but there are no 4 star hotels in the east. Is there another area you would like to look at or possibly reserve the guesthouse?
Sorry, Im her husband, Ill take over the call, my wife is a little picky and confused.   Please book the guesthouse, 4 people, 4 nights starting wednesday.|Okay that booking was successful and your reference number is SYX1AD7L.
Great!  I was also interested in finding a swimming pool in the north.|Sure, Jesus Green Outdoor Pool is a nice one.  It is located between Victoria Road and the River.
What is the entrance fee?|I'm afraid I don't have that information available. Can I help you with anything else?
Yes, can I have the address and postcode, please?|Between Victoria Road and The River, cb43px. Would you like to know more about the place?
I need their entrance fee please|I'm afraid that I don't have that information. Can I help you with anything else?
If that information is not available, then that's all I need today.|Thank you for calling Cambridge TownInfo centre! It was a pleasure to help you, I hope you enjoy your time in Camridge!
I am looking for a nightclub to visit while in town.|There are six nightclubs in town; 5 in the centre and 1 in the south. Do you have a location or other preference?
Yes i would like to be in the center.|I have 5 nightclubs in the centre area, my personal recommendation is the soul tree nightclub, would you like more information on the soul tree?
Sure, what's the soul tree's address and postcode?   I'm also looking for an expensive danish restaurant.|The address is 1-6 corn exchange street and the postcode is cb23qf. There are no danish restaurants in cambridge. Do you have another food type you would want to try?
Do you have any restaurants in the same area as the attraction?|There are 69 restaurants in that area. Do you have a preference for the pricerange?
Do you have some place that serves Danish food and it should be expensive?|I'm sorry there are no Danish restaurants in the centre. We do have others like Chinese, Italian, etc. Do you have another preference?
Indian, please.|There are 6 results. May I make a recommendation?
Yes, please. Although I would like it to be in the centre of town.|The curry garden is  a great indian restaurant in the centre.  Can I book a table for you?
Yes, please book a table for 8 people.|What time were you thinking?
At 20:00 for Tuesday please.|I have booked your table here is the information:Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Reference number is : LEW935DX.
Okay great. Thanks for your help.|Do you need any further help?
no, that will be all for now. thanks for your help. goodbye|Thank you Im glad I could help
I need help finding places to go in town. I want to go to nightclub type attractions in the centre of Cambridge.|Okay, how about Club Salsa? Or the Soul Tree Nightclub? There are 3 more options if you'd like me to list them.
Do any of them have an entrance fee?|Soul tree nightclub has an entrance fee of 4 pounds. The other 4 have a fee of 5 pounds.
Okay, thank you. I'm also looking for a train that arrives in Kings Lynn by 20:00.|I also need to know you departure location please.
The departure location is Cambridge and the day is Thursday. Thanks!|Would you like me to book the TR0481. It arrives at 19:58.
Can I book that for 4 people please?|Booking was successful, the total fee is 39.2 GBP payable at the station. Reference number is : YY5OJFYH.
Thank you.  That is all I need today.|Okay, great. I hope you have a wonderful time! Please call back if you need anything else.
Thanks for all your help|You're welcome. Enjoy your time in Cambridge!
I need more information about Nusha.|Nusha is entertainment in the south and their address is unit g6, cambridge leisure park, clifton road.  Can I help you with anything else?
Can I get the postcode?|Yes, the postcode is cb17dy. Can I help you with anything else today?
Thanks, I know that Nusha is the south, but I need the name of the area.|Sure, the area is just known as the south of town, but the address is unit g6, cambridge leisure park, clifton road and the postcode is cb17dy.  Does that help?
Yes, it does. Thanks for the information. Bye!|Thank you, goodbye.
Are there any entertainment attractions in the centre of the city?|There are 44. Is there a certain type you prefer?
How about a museum?|I would recommend castle galleries.
Yes, I would like that place. Can you give me the phone number, entrance fee, and address?|Castle Galleries is located at unite su43, grande arcade, saint andrews street, 01223307402 and it is free. Can I help you with anything else?
Yes can you find a restaurant for me to eat at?|What type of restaurant are you looking for?
I don't need to find a restaurant actually. I instead need a place to stay.|Do you need a hotel or guesthouse ?
Preferably a hotel if possible.|To help narrow down the results, what area or price range are you looking for?
Actually, type does not matter. But I want somewhere with 4 stars and wifi in the south please|The aylesbray lodge guest house is a great place to stay. Shall i book it for you ?
Does the hotel have free parking?|Yes, it has free parking
Great, can you get me the postcode, phone number and price range?|Yes, the postcode is cb17sr. The phone number is 01223240089 and its moderately priced.
As long as it has 4 stars, that is all I need today, thanks for your help.|Yes it does have 4 stars.  Enjoy your travels!
Thank you, goodbye!|Good bye have a nice stay.
I want a train leaving on Sunday and arriving in Cambridge.|I have 202 trains matching your preferences.  What location would you like to depart from?
I am leaving from Birmingham New Street any time after 13:15.|I have 11 trains matching your preferences.  Leaving every hour at :40 starting at 13:40.  Which would you prefer?
I'll take the first train at 13:40 for 7 people please and I will need the reference number as well.|Certainly, I have booked the train, your reference number is PG27S8V6. May I help you with anything else?
Yes, can you give me a list of places I can go once I'm in town?|We have lots of attractions! Is there a particular type of place or area of town you're interested in?
Yes, I'm looking for a park in the east.|The cherry hinton water play is just the place. Would you like any further info?
Yes can I please get that address phone number and entrance fee for the Cherry Hinton?|Of course. It is free and the address is  cherry hinton hall, cherry hinton road. Phone number-01223446100
Great, thanks! I can't think of anything else I need right now, so you have a good one!|Thank you for using our system!
I am looking for information in Cambridge.|what would you like to know?
I am looking for an attraction called camboats, can you get me the address and postcode?|Yes, of course. The address of camboats is the plough, green end, fen ditton, and the postcode is cb58sx.
Thank you.  I would also like some help finding a train.|Sure I can help with that. Where are you departing from and going to. What time would you like to depart and on what day would you like the train?
i need info on some attractions|What attraction type are you interested in?
just get me the phone number of any that you will recommend|The phone number of old schools is 01223332320. Do you need anything else?
Yes, I would also like information about the express by holiday inn cambridge|It is an expensive place in the east, it is a hotel and not a guesthouse.  Can I book you or answer any other questions?
Yes, please, 5 people for 4 nights starting Friday.|Your hotel is confirmed, starting Friday for 4 days with 5 people. Your confirmation number is XBH5TB70. Can I do anything else for you?
I just wanted to confirm that the attraction you recommended is located in the east part of town.  I forgot to mention that.|It is in the Centre. Would you like me to check attractions in the East?
no thanks for all of your help|Is there anything further I can assist you with?
Nope thats everything thanks|excellent, have a great day!
I am going to cambridge and I am looking for the cambridge book and print gallery|Okay! It is a museum in the West part of town at 49 Newnham Road. Admission is free.
What is their phone number?|Their phone number is 01223694264. Can I help you with anything else?
Thank you. I'm also looking for a moderate price range restaurant that serves turkish food.|I love Efes Restaurant on King Street City Centre. Would you like me to reserve a table for you?
Not right now, thank you for your assistance. Have a wonderful day.|Thank you goodbye
I'm looking for things to do, specifically a theatre in the north, what kinds of things are there to see like that?|There are no thatres in the north, perhaps another area or type of attraction.
What kind of parks are available in the north?|I have just one park. It is Milton Country Park located in the north. They offer free admission. They are located at Milton Country Park, Milton. Their phone number is 01223420060.
Great!  Thanks for the information!|Do you need help with anything else?
Yes, I'm looking for a train departing Cambridge on Tuesday.|There are quite a few trains leaving Cambridge on Tuesday. Where is your destination?
I'm going to peterborough.  I need to be there by 8:30|I have train TR0162 that departs at 07:06 and would get you there by 07:56. Would that work for you?
Yes please book for 3 and provide reference number|Yes your reference number is CDE66IYU. and your reservation is set.
I'm sorry, could you actually amend that train reservation for 2 people instead?  Also, I will need the postcode for Milton Country Park we talked about earlier.|Yes, the reservation has been amended for 2 people. Your new reference number is BMDA0BI1. And the postcode for Milton Country Park is cb46az.
Thank you!  That should be all I need today.|Great! Have a nice day.
I'd like to find a train that will arrive in Cambridge by 19:30.|I found several trains for you! Where would you be departing from?
Norwich on Tuesday.|TR2175 will arrive in Cambridge at 18:35. Would you like tickets on that train?
Yes I'd like to book that train for 8 people and also need the reference number please.|Booking was successful! Your reference number is PLBFMNS9 .
could you tell me some of the places to go in town? college-like|There are 18 of them both free and with fees. Is there a specific area you'd prefer?
No preference. Would you recommend one?|I can, but to narrow it down more...were you looking to pay fees to get in?
Yes.  Please let me know the area and the entrance fees.  Thanks for your help!|I would recommend clare college, the entrance fee is 2.50 pounds.  Is there anything else that I can help you with?
What part of town is it located?|It is located in the west. Is there anything else I can do for you?
Thank you, but that is all.|You are welcome.  Have a great day.  Bye.
i just want a place to go with a swimming pool.|I found swimmingpools in the areas of east, north and centre. Which would you prefer?
You pick the area as I don't have a preference.|Parkside Pools is a great place located in the centre, would you like more information?
Yes please. Get me the address|Parkside Pools is located at  Gonville Place.  Is there anything else you would like to know?
I need a train, on Thursday. Arriving by 2145.|Where will you be departing from?
I am departing from stevenage on thursday.|The TR9547 gets into Cambridge from Stevenage at 20:43. Will that work?
Yes, I just needed info for now.  Thanks for your help.  Goodbye.|Have  a great day!
I'm interested in places to in the centre.|i recommend old school architecture. its in trinity l;ane. can i give you the address
Yes and also the entrance fee and phone number.|admission is free and the phone number is 01223332320
Can you also help me find a train?|Absolutely! What day would you like to travel and where are you departing from?
Thursday and going to Ely!|What time would you like to arrive by and what time would you like to depart by?
I would like to leave pretty early so I can spend the day.  I would also like to have dinner there so sometime after 8pm.|I have that you are going to Ely Thursday by 8pm. Where are you departing from and when would like to arrive?
I am departing for Bishops Stortford. I need to arrive by 10:15.  No departure preference.|Would you like me to book it for you?
I just need the train ID and the departure and travel times please.|Yes I have the TR1923 that leaves Cambridge at 09:50 and arrives in Ely by 10:07.
Okay. Thank you for your information.|You are welcome. Thank you for calling.
I'm looking for colleges in town centre, preferably free admission.|Christ college is lovely and is free admission.
What is their phone number?|It's 01223334900. Do you need anything else?
My girlfriend keeps mentioning wanting to try a great Turkish food place. Do you happen to have any in town?|I have 3 different turkish restaurants, all are located in the centre area.  Would you prefer moderate price or expensive?
Definitely expensive. We're going all out on this trip.|The meze bar restaurant meets that criteria, would you like me to book a table for you?
Just to make sure, the restaurant is in the same area as the attraction, correct?|Yes, they are both in the centre of town!
Great, can I have their number, address,and postcode?|Meze bar restaurant is located at 196 Mill Road City Centre, postcode cb13nf. I'm sorry there is not a phone listed for this restaurant.
I need a taxi going from Christ College and the Meze Bar restaurant. I want to leave Christ College at 06:30.|Okay. We have you booked. The car type will be blue Lexus. The contact number is 07645780776. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No thats all I needed. Thanks. Have a good one. Bye.|You're welcome.  Have a great day!
I'm taking a tour of colleges and I've heard that Cambridge is the place to go. Can you tell me about some you have there?|We have many nice ones.  What area of town are you interested in?
It doesn't matter. I'm interested in a college type attraction. I also need the entrance fee, address, and area info. Thanks.|christ's college is in the centre on saint andrew's street and its free
Thanks!  If it isn't too much trouble, could you also find me information on a restaurant called da vinci pizzeria?|Of course! They are a great italian restaurant in the north part of town. They are usually very cheap. It's located on 20 Milton Road Chesterton.
Thank you! Will you please book a table for 6 people at 18:30 on Wednesday?|I've reserved a table for six on Wednesday at 18:30. Your reference number is NT05QS6A. Please note that they will hold the table for 15 minutes after your reserved time.
Thank you. I will need a taxi to get from christ's college to the restaurant.|Your taxi has been booked and the car will be a yellow volkswagen and their contact number is 07597491842. Can I help you with anything else?
No, thank you. You've been quite helpful.|You're very welcome. Have a great day!
Could you help me with a particular attraction in Cambridge?|Sure! What type of attraction were you looking for?
I am looking for an attraction called Camboats. I need the address, please.|The plough, green end, fen ditton,	post code cb58sx. Anything else you need?
I would like a train the departs from cambridge and should arrive by 12:00.|Where are you headed to?
I need to go tot he Standsted Airport on Tuesday.|There are six trains on Tuesday that would get you to the airport by 12:00. They run every hour starting at 5:40. Which departure time do you prefer?
I just need to make sure I arrive by 12 pm.|How many tickets do you need?
I need 8 tickets please.|I have booked the train your reference number is L2E6AQ2L.
that is all i wanted for today. have a good day|Thank you have a nice day.
What is the address to the hospital in Cambridge?|Address is Hills Road. Is there anything else?
Can I also get their phone number please?|The phone number is 01223245151.
Thank you! Can you also help me find a hotel?|I sure can. What kind of hotel are you interested in, in what part of town and what's your price range?
I'd like a 4-star place with free wifi and parking.|We have 3 hotels and 16 guesthouses across town to choose from! Do you have any preferences?
I would like to book the hotel for 8 people spending Wednesday and Thursday night.|Sure, I can help you with that.  Was there a particular area of town you were looking for?
Well, I was going to visit Christ college so same area is that.  I forgot to ask you earlier, I always confuse hospitals and colleges.|Christ College is in the Centre. Would you like me to look for a hotel there?
it doesn't matter. i will be looking for a taxi to commute between the two places.|I have found a guesthouse and a hotel in the Centre near Christ College. The guest house is priced cheap and the hotel is expensive. Do you need a booking?
Please book the hotel for 8 people starting on wednesday for 2 nights.|I have made reservations for your party of 8 at the University Arms Hotel. Your reference is JN4ZA7ED. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Yes, please. I need a taxi to pick me up at the hotel.|How many people will be traveling?
8 people will be traveling.|What time would you like the taxi for?
I want to leave by 21:00.|Okay! You'll be picked up in a grey Toyota, and the phone number is 07183775918. Can I help you with anything else?
Okay. Thank you for all your help.|What else can I look up for you?
no Have a nice day.|Thank you, let me know if I can assist with anything else.
I love swimming!  Can you recommend a pool in Cambridge?|Parkside Pools is located in the centre of town. Would you like the address?
No thanks. But can I get the phone number and postcode please?|Sure, their phone number is 01223446100 and their postcode is cb11ly. Is there anything else I can help you with?
i am also looking for a train that leaves after 18.00 on sunday|Sure, I would be glad to help. Where will you be departing from? Is there a particular time you'd like to arrive by?
I will be departing from Cambridge to Leicester. The arrival time does not matter as long as it leaves after 18:00.|The first train leaving cabridge for leicester on Sunday is TR9517.  It leaves at 18:21.  Would you like me to book a seat on that train?
Yes, please for one. I will need the reference number|I have it booked for you. Your reference number is knutp0u4. Can I be of further assistance?
No thanks, that's everything!|Glad I could be of assistance. Have a great day!
I am looking for an attraction in the centre of Cambridge.|There are several attractions in the town centre. Are you looking for a particular type?
Yes, please find any museums in the town centre.|There is the Whipple Museum of the History of Science located in the town centre, on free school lane. Is there any thing else I can help you with?
I need the postcode. Also, is there any place in town serving barbeque?|The museum's post code is cb23rh. Sadly, there are no restaurants serving barbeque. Is there something else you might be interested in instead?
I am also interested in a moderately priced place I can get barbeque.|I do apologize there are no restaurants serving barbecue. Is there something else you might be interested in instead?
Are there any places that serve gastropub food?|Yes, The Cow Pizza Kitchen and Bar is a moderately priced gastropub in the center of town. Would you like a table there?
Sure! For 5 people at 13:45 on Sunday please. Thank you!|They are not available for that time, is there another day and or time that you would like me to check?
Sure, would 12:45 be available?|Alright, you're booked for 12:45. Your reference number is DXMY5V92.
I would also like to book a taxi that arrives by 12:45 to the restaurant. I would also like its contact number and car type.|I was able to get a blue lexus and their number is 07087322851
Perfect. Thank you very much for your help.|You're welcome! Enjoy your stay.
Can you help me find a place to go in the east?|We have 5 very nice attractions in the east, do you have an idea of type of activity that would best match your needs?
Is there a museum I could go to on that side of town? If so, please provide phone number, address, and postcode.|Yes, there are 4 museums. Three are free and one has a 5 pound entrance fee. Are you looking for a gallery?
What do you recommend?|Cambridge artworks is wonderful! They are located at 5 greens road cb13ef. There phone number is 01223902168.
I'm also looking for a place to eat. I don't mind where, but I want an expensive chinese place.|There are 9 options that fit your criteria. Would you like a recommendation or would you like to narrow it down further?
A recommendation would be fine. Can I get the area they're in and post code?|I recommend yu garden. It is located in the east. The address is 529 Newmarket Road Fen Ditton. Postcode cb58pa.
I'd also like to book a taxi between the two places. I'd like to leave the restaurant by 2:30|Ok.  I booked a taxi for you.  It is a blue audi and the contact number is 07155610417.
Thank you. That's all I needed.|You're welcome, goodbye!
I would like to visit some parks while I  am in town. Can you please suggest me some to visit?|Sure, is there a certain part of town you'd like to be on?
I would like to find a park anywhere. I need the fees , postcode, and phone number.|Which side of town would you like to be on?
I am not particular. but I also need information on a restaurant called the Gardenia.|I have the wandlebury country park on the south side of town. It is free, the phone number is 01223243830 and post code is cb223ae.
Thank you, can you also look up The Gardenia for me? It is a restaurant I have wanted to try.|The Gardenia is a Mediterranean restaurant at the centre of town. The park I gave you the information for is not in the same part of town.
That's okay. Could you book a table for me there for two people. I'd like it to be on Sunday at 15:45.|I have your booking for 2 people, sunday at 15:45.  Your reference number is 0NG9XLAQ.
Thank you. I also need a taxi to pick me up from the Wandlebury Country Park to make it to my reservation.|Where will the taxi be picking you up from?
The taxi will be picking me up from the Wandlebury Country Park and I need to be at the restaurant by the time of my booking.|Okay the taxi has been reserved and will be a white honda. The phone number is 07229832090.
thanks so much sorry I have been such a pain. YOU need a raise!|No problem at all happy to assist.
i really have got to go. its late. thanks for your help. goodbye.|You're welcome!  Have a wonderful day.
I would like to take a train from leicester that arrives by 16:15.|The latest arrival time is 15:54.
I need the train to go to Cambridge and leave on Saturday.|The TR9488 leaves from leicester	and arrives in cambridge	 at 06:54.  Would you like a ticket?
I just need to know the price of the ticket and travel time between Leicester and Cambridge.|yes please book it for me and i need a confirmation number
I need to find a 4 star rated place to stay with free parking.|Ok, there are 19 in town. Is there a particular part of town you're interested in?
No particular area but I would like it to be a hotel type in the moderate price range.|I would suggest acorn guest house would you like me to book this for you?
I think I'll take a drive past first and make sure it doesn't look dodgy. Can you give me the address please?|The address is 154 chesterton road.  Is there anything else you would like to know?
I am all set.|Can I get you set up in a room then?
Yes. 7 people 5 nights from Wednesday.|Your booking was successful.  The reference number is 5D2U451A.  What else can I do for you?
I was also interested in finding a place to go in town to see some architecture.|we have quite a few olds schools is great, alot of people go there
What is the entrance fee there?|The entrance fee is free. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, I'll need to book a taxi to commute between Olds Schools and the hotel. I would like to leave the attraction by 22:30.|Booking completed!
Booked car type	:	yellow honda
Contact number	:	07785353163
Can I help with anything else today?
that is all for today. thanks for the help|thanks and enjoy your stay
I'm looking for a place to eat christmas food|Unfortunately, I am not finding anything that serves christmas food. Would you like me to try another type of food?
Yes, how about a restaurant that serves Indian food.|Do you have a price range or area preference?
any range is fine.|Do you have an area preference?
I'm sorry, but the price range should be moderate. The area doesn't matter. I just need one that is available for 3 people at 13:00 on sunday.|I was able to get you a table at Rajmahal in the east part of town at 7 Barnwell Road Fen Ditton, reference number FRFMWN4U. Anything else I can help with?
Are there any good attractions in the centre of town?|There is Holy Trinity Church on market street
Okay great, could you give me the phone number and postcode?|Yes. Their postcode is cb23nz and you can call them at 01223355397. Is there anything else I can help you with?
That is all, thank you very much.|You're welcome, have a wonderful day! Goodbye.
Can you help me find a nightclub in the centre of town?|I recommend soul tree nightclub.
What is the postcode and address please?|The address and postcode are: 1-6 corn exchange street, cb23qf. Will that be all for you today?
That is all the info I need today. Thanks.|Ok, thank you for calling the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Have a great day.
I need a italian restaurant in the centre.|what about pizza express? it's getting great reviews.
Is it an expensive restaurant?|No, Pizza Express is moderately priced. But I could find a cheaper option if you would like?
I would prefer an expensive price range and need a reservation for 1 at 13:30 on Monday.|I am sorry but there are no Italian restaurants in the expensive range in the centre.  Would you like to try another area or type of food?
What would you suggest?|There are two moderately priced italian restaurants in centre or would you like a different type of food?
so, nothing that is expensive?|no expensive with those specifications
Okay, let's just go with a moderately priced one. I need a table on Monday at 13:30 for one person.|Would you like to try pizza express?
okay why not. I need a table for 1 at 13:30 on monday. And I need the reference number too please|Okay. Your booking was successful! The reference number is YBCVLUXU. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Thanks, what places to go are available in that same area?|What kind of attraction are you looking for?
Anything will do.|How about holy trinity church.  The architecture there is quite impressive.
Sounds interesting.  What is the postcode?|The postcode is cb23nz. Can I help you with any other information?
I do not need more information.|Great. If you need help in the future, please contact us.
I am looking to visit the centre while I am here. What types of attractions are available for tourists?|There's a wide variety of attractions from architecture, museums, among others.
Can I get some information about the museums?|Sure thing, is there a certain area you are interested in?
The centre of town please.|There are 11 museums in the Centre area. An example is the museum of archaelogy and anthropology. Are you interested in this one or would you like some other choices?
Could I get the phone number of the museum of archaeology and anthropology?|Their phone number is 01223333516. Do you need anything else?
Yes please. I need a reservation for a particular restaurant called cocum.|Okay, I'm looking at the restaurant Cocum in the west, would you like me to book you a table?
Yes, Wednesday at 17:45. For 7 people.|success! reference number is 3JTL308P, anything else today?
Nope, that's it, thanks!|welcome and thanks for using our services
I am looking for some place to go in the West.|No problem. Any preference on type?
Any type of attraction will do.|Great. The Cambridge and County Folk Museum is located at 2-3 Castle Street and is free. Would you like the phone number?
No thanks. I am also looking for a train for Tuesday.|Wow!  We've got over 400 choices.  Where would you like to depart or arrive?
I also need to get information on trains running from Cambridge to Stansted Airport on Tuesday.|That narrows it down a bit. Is there a certain time of day you'd like to travel? The choices range from very early morning to quite late at night.
I would like to arrive at the airport by 08:30.|I have train ID TR0684.  It leaves Cambridge at 7:40 and arrives at the airport at 08:08.
Ok that sounds great, thank you! That's all I need for now.|Ok, I booked you on TR0684 tuesday leaving cambridge at 07:40 going to stansted airport with an arrival at 08:08.  Anything else I can help with?
Perfect! That will do it for today. Have a great afternoon. Bye.|Have a lovely day then, goodbye.
I am looking for a cheap two star hotel in the North can you help?|Unfortunately, there is nothing available in that area.
Then can you find a hotel in the west with a moderate price range that includes free wifi?|There is nothing like that available either. Would you like to try searching for something else?
how about one that has free parking?|There are two hotels in the west that have free parking. One is in the expensive price range and one is in the cheap range. Which would you prefer?
I would prefer the cheap range.  Can you book for me 8 people for four nights beginning on Friday?  I will need the reference number.|The booking was successful.  Your reference number is : WPCH771U.  You will be staying at The Cambridge Belfry in the west area.
Great, thank you. Can you also help me find something fun for me to do while I am in town?|I would suggest visiting the old schools.
Are there any parks around?|There are several parks in town. In the centre there's the Cambridge University Botanic Gardens, and a few others in the north, east, and south. Do you have a preference?
I would it to be in the east and could I get a postcode. Thanks goodbye|The cherry hinton water play is located in the east and the postcode is cb18dw.
What fun places can I visit in the East?|We have five spots which include boating, museums and entertainment.  Any preferences that you have?
I don't have a preference. Which place would you recommend?|I'm fond of the Cambridge Museum of Technology. Would you like more information on it?
What is the entrance fee?|It is 5 pounds to get in.
Great, thanks! Can you help me find a train going into Cambridge as well?|I certainly can!  Where would you be coming from and what day and time?
I am leaving birmingham new street and going to cambridge; I need to travel on Friday and arrive by 13:15.|TR0497 arrives by 12:23. Would you like a ticket?
Yes please. Book the train for 2 people. Please include the reference number.|Reference number is : PYPBSAXI. Is there anything else?
That's everything. Thanks again and have a great day!|Enjoy your trip!  Have a great time!
I need to get a train going to Stevenage.|I will need some more information. The train is departing from cambridge correct? What day would you like to leave?
Yes, departing from Cambridge. We'll be leaving on Tuesday, hopefully after 15:15.|How about TR5343? It leaves at 15:21. Your next choice is TR9883 which leaves at 17:21.
What is the price for TR5343?|It is 12.80 pounds.
I would like information on pools in the north.|jesus green outdoor pool and kings hedges learner pool are in that area. Could I get you info on one of those?
How about Jesus Green Outdoor pool. Could I have their address and phone number.|Sure, the phone number for jesus green outdoor pool is 01223302579. The address is listed as between victoria road and the river.
thanks! that's all i need now|Is there any other info or booking I can do?
No, not at this time. Thank you.|Okay glad I could help.
Hello, what places to go could you recommend in the Centre of town?|Were you interested in any type of place like a museum or architecture?
I am interested in the cinema. What are my choices? I'll need phone number and entrance fee information.|Okay, Vue Cinema is in the centre and their phone number is 08712240240. I do not have the entrance fee available.
Thank you. Can you find out some information on the oak bistro for me as well?|Oak Bistro is a British restaurant in the Centre of town. It's not too expensive, and is fairly close to the Cinema. Would you like me to book a table?
Sounds perfect.  Can you please book a table for 8 on Sunday at 16:15?|I have booked your table of 8 for Sunday at 16:15. Your Reference number is : QA3C5JW0. Can I assist you with anything else?
No thank you that will be all|Thank you for using this service goodbye
i need a place to stay|I can help with that. Do you have a preference in location?
I would prefer it to be in the North.|Do you have a price range or star level in mind?
I don't care about price but I'd like a 4 star place.|I have 8 different four star guesthouses.  They all include internet, would you like to make a reservation?
Can you select one and make a reservation for me for Thursday please?|I can book you into the Acorn Guest house. How many nights do you want to stay?
Does that have free parking?|Yes, the Acorn guest house has parking
Can you book that for me for 2 nights beginning Thursday?|How many people will be staying at the Acorn, please? Is the booking for you only?
There will be 5 of us|Booking was successful. Reference number is : 7FLYWY4J. I would love to help with anything else !
I also need a cinema to visit?|Do you have a particular part of town in mind?
In the same area as the hotel|Sorry, I didn't find any cinemas in the north.
Hmm, how about a park, then?|I don't have that either.
Will you please try again? There's gotta be a park somewhere.|I have 5 other parks in the centre, east, north, and south.
I just want a park in the same area as my hotel|Oh okay, looks like there is one park. It is Milton Country Park in the North. Their phone number is 01223420060. The address is milton country park, milton.
Thanks, I need a taxi to get between the two places.|What time would you like to leave?
I need to get there by 09:15|Okay I have booked a yellow toyota for you. The contact number will be 07196305390
Great. Can you also book a place for dinner on Thursday night?|What type of restaurant are you looking for?
I need a don't care restaurant. Thank you|I'm sorry, there was an error in our system. Could you please rephrase your question?
I need a restaurant to commute between the attraction and restaurant. I want to leave the attraction by 9:15 and I need car type and contact number please. Thank you, bye..|Ok.  I booked a yellow toyota for you leaving milton country park at 09:15 and going to the acron guest house.  Is that correct?
Hi! Can you help me find a hotel somewhere on the west side of town please?|I found four hotels do you have any other requirements?
Yes, the hotel should include free wifi.|Hobsons House matches your preferences. Would you like me to book a room?
No thank you that's all the information I need today.|Alright then. Goodbye.
Actually, I'm not quite done. Would you please book the hotel for 8 people, 4 nights? We'll be arriving on Friday.|Unfortunately, they do not have availability for that long a stay. Would you like to try for a shorter stay or different day?
Okay, how about a booking for 1 night?|I was able to book 1 night at hobsons house for Friday. Your reference number is R87K52QJ.
Thank you very much. That is all I need!|You're welcome!  I hope you enjoy your stay in Cambridge! Goodbye.
Hello, I'd like some information about a place to go in the west.|Are you looking for an attraction or a hotel?
I'm looking for an attraction located in the west.|There are so many different attractions in the west, did you have something particular in mind?
No could you recommend one please?|I recommend Kettle's Yard on Castle Street which is a museum.
Could I get the postcode for that museum? I am also looking for a restaurant called peking restaurant. What area that is in, the address, and postcode?|The post code is cb30aq. I can help you with the restaurant in a moment.
Can you look for the restaurant now?|I have it here. What would you like to know about it?
I need the postcode, area and address.|Peking Restaurant is in the South. The address is 10 Homerton Street and the postcode is cb28nx.
That's all I need. Thanks for the research. Goodbye.|Thanks for using our service!
Where is Rosa's bed and breakfast hotel located in the Cambridge area?|rosa's bed and breakfast is located on the southend. Any other information I can provide?
i want to know its star rating price range,|Rosa's is a cheap 4-star guesthouse. Are you interested in booking a room?
what is the price range? i am also interested in a place to go and should be in the centre|Rosa's is cheap.  What type of attraction are you hoping to find?
I am open to whatever you suggest as long as it is in the centre area.|Let me suggest the museum Regency Gallery. It is in Centre and free. Does that interest you or shall we keep looking?
That works great. Can I have the postcode and phone number?|Yes, the postcode is cb11er and phone number is 01223365454
Thank you.  That was all I needed. Goodbye.|Thank you for using our system today.
I am looking for a college attraction in town.|There are 18 choices in town. Is there a specific area you would like to stay in?
I am pretty much open to anything! Could you recommend one and give me their information please?|Sure! Christ's college is located in the centre and is free to enter!
that sounds great. Can I have the phone number, and address for this free attraction please?|The phone number is 01223334900 and it is located on Saint Andrew's Street. What else can I assist with?
Thank you for the information. I also need to find a cheap restaurant serving Italian food. Can you help me with this?|Certainly.  I have five Italian restaurants in the cheap price range.  What part of town do you prefer?
I prefer to eat in the center of town. Is there anything available?|Yup there is a place called Pizza Hut City Centre that serves cheap Italian food.  Want me to book it?
No need to book for now, just gathering information.|That's fine.  Is there anything else that I can help you with today?
That is all I need today, thank you.|Okay, great. Have a wonderful day!
I need info on the Cambridge and County Folk Museum please.|The museum is located in the west side of town at 2-3 Castle Street. The entrance fee is 3.50 pounds. Their phone number is 01223355159. Shall I connect you?
No thank you. But thank you for all your help.|Anything else I can do for you?
Yes, I am also looking for a nice, moderately priced Lebanese restaurant in the area.  I'd prefer it to be within walking distance of the museum.|I am sorry but there is not a lebanese restaurant in the west area, but I found one in the centre. Would you like me to book a reservation?
In the centre yes please.|Ok, it's called Ali Baba. How many people will be in your party? Also, what day and time would you like?
I would like to make a reservation for 2 people at 19:30 on Tuesday.|Okay, your table is booked. The reference number is 7GD7F8A8. Anything else I can do for you?
I'm also looking to book a taxi between the two locations.|At what time would you like to leave the museum?
I just want to make sure I am at the restaurant by 19:30.|Your booking is completed. You will be picked up by a grey lexux. Can I help you with anything else today?
could i get a taxi as well?|Yes, I will have one pick you up
Can you give me the contact number for that taxi you booked?|Absolutely, the contact number for the taxi that I have booked for you is 07503689471.  Is there anything else I may assist you with?
What type of car have you booked?|A grey lexus will be picking you up.  Can I assist you with anything else?
No, thank you. That all sounds good.|Okay do not hesitate to call us if you need something else.
What's a good museum to go to in cambridge?|There are 23 museums in Cambridge. What parts of town are you willing to travel to?
I will go to any part.|I recommend visiting the Byard Art museum in the south. It's free to get in. Their address is 14 King's Parade.
What is their phone number?|Their phone number is 01223464646, postcode cb21sj and located at 14 king's parade.  Admission is free!  Can I help with anything else today?
Yes please, I am looking for a hotel that has 4 stars and is guesthouse. Preferably in the east with free wifi.|There are 6 guesthouses that meet your requirements. Do you prefer a cheap or moderate price range?
That doesn't matter. You can just recommend one and then help me with a booking please|May I have how many guest ?
4 people. Starting saturday, 3 nights.|Will you need free parking?
That's not necessary at all. Thanks.|Great.  Thanks for letting us help you!
What does Cambridge have for parks on the east side?|There is one park on the east side of town. It is the Cherry Hinton Water Play Park. Would you like the address?
Yes, and the postcode, please.|The postcode is cb18dw. Can I help you with anything else today?
What is the address?|I apologize.  The address is cherry hinton hall, cherry hinton road.  Is there anything else I can assist you with?
I need train tickets.|Sure, I can help you with that.  Can I get more information about when you would like to travel ?
Yes, I'd like to go from cambridge to bishops stortford.|Okay, what day and time would you like to travel?
I'd like to leave after 10:00.  I need you to book it for 3 people.  I'll need the reference number.|Ok I will book it for you
I am looking for a restaurant.|What type of food would you like?
I am looking for an Italian restaurant if available|Sure, I can help you with that.  Was there a particular area of town you were looking for?
I'm sorry, I'm actually looking for a restaurant that serves cuban food in the North.|I am sorry but there are no restaurants matching your request. Would like to try another part of town?
how about a french restaurant?|restaurant two two is a french restaurant in the north. Would you like me to book that for you?
Yes can you please book that for me?|Yes when would you like to book?
Actually, I just need a little more information. I don't need to book right now. What is the price range for this restaurant?|It is an expensive restaurant located at 22 Chesterton Road Chesterton.  What else would you like to know?
Just the postal code and phone number please.|The postal code is cb43ax and the phone number is 01223351880. Would you like me to book the restaurant for you?
No but I would love it if you could find me something fun to do in the same area, maybe something boat related.|The riverboat georgina is in the north and great fun. The address is cambridge passenger cruisers, jubilee house, postcode cb43ax. Do you need more information?
Great, thanks so much! Can you please book me a taxi from the restaurant to the attraction, leaving the restaurant by 15:30?|I need the name of the restaurant
It's a french restaurant, Two Two, I believe.|I have booked the taxi it is a red volvo with contact number 07626130412.
Have a nice day.|Thank you for calling.
i am looking for a place to dine. The restaurant should be in the cheap price range and should be in the west part of town.|There is an Italian and a Vietnamese restaurant in that area. Would one of these work for you?
How about the Italian one? Book for 1 people at 13:00 on saturday. reference number please?|Booking was a complete success mam, your reference number is QAOD1MXA.
Thanks so much. I also need info on magdalene college|Yes sure Magdalene College is located on Magdalene Street and their telephone number is 01223332138 an it is free to enter.
May I have their postcode as well?|Their postcode is cb30ag, is that all I can help you with today?
Yes, i also need a taxi between the two places.|What time would you like to arrive by?
I would like to arrive by 5:30, if that would be possible.|your booking is complete your car will be a black bmw the contact number is 07594757678. It will have you at your destination by 5:30 is there anything else?
No thank you so much for all of your help|You are welcome. Have a nice day.
Do you have information about the Saint Barnabas Press Gallery?|I do, it is located in the east and is a museum, what information would you like about it?
That's all I needed, thanks so much for your help!|You are very welcome! Enjoy your trip to the museum!
I'm looking for a Chinese restaurant please. Or one that serves Chinese food.|What area of town would you like the restaurant to be in?
I'd like to be in the centre of town.|Jinling noodle bar is in the centre area serving Chinese in the moderate price range. Would you like to reserve a table?
I want something expensive.|I think you would enjoy ugly duckling. Want more information?
Could you make a reservation for 3 people at 15:15 on Saturday and provide the reference number? Also looking for a theatre in the same area.|I made a reservation for your party of 3 at the Ugly duckling for Saturday at 15:15. Your reference is PEZ07FH7. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I am also looking for a theater.|There are 4 options, but i personally recommend the cambridge corn exchange, would you like more info?
Yes more info and adress and is there any fee's ?|Ok, their address is Wheeler Street.
And i there an entrance fee?|I do not know you can call 01223357851 and find out. I suspect it varies based on day and time so calling would be best.
That's great I will call them, thank you.|No problem, are you all set or is there anything else that hasn't been covered yet?
No thanks. You covered everything. Have a good night. Bye.|Enjoy your dinner.
I'm looking for an expensive restaurant that serves Thai food.|Ok, I've found two. One is in the west and one is in the centre.
Pick your favorite and book it for 2 please.|I would recommend Sala Thing, for your booking of two, what day and time would you like that for.
maybe friday at 14:45|Booking for Sala Thong was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Your reference number is MY18QAH7
Thanks. Can you also find a place to go in the centre?|We have 44 different things to do in the centre of town. Do have a type you're looking for, like a theatre, college, or architecture?
I'm looking for an attraction with multiple sports in the centre of town.|I'm sorry, we don't have anything like that. Is there something else you would be interested in?
What about a night club?|There are 5 nightclubs in the centre. I would recommend the soul tree nightclub at 1-6 corn exchange street. The entrance fee is 4 pounds.
Nice! Please get me their phone number too|The soul tree phone number is 01223477900. May I help you with something else?
That is all thanks.|You are welcome. Have a great day.
I would like to find a 2 star hotel to stay at that also includes free parking. Do you have any suggestions?|The Ashley hotel, Lovell Lodge and Express by Holiday Inn Cambridge match your criteria. Would you like more info on them?
I need a guesthouse.|Unfortunately there are no guest houses in that area.
Then a hotel please. What are my options?|There are three hotels that match your criteria.  The Express by Holiday Inn is in the East.  The Lovell Lodge and the Ashley Hotel are both in the North.  All three offer free parking, would you like their contact information?
Okay can I make a booking at Ashley Hotel for 6 people and 5 nights starting from thursday.|Your booking is complete! Your reference number is 35ED1A8C. Do you need anything else?
no that's it thanks for your help|You're very welcome! Have a great day!
I am excited to be coming and would love to find an expensive mexican restaurant.|Then you want chiquito restaurant bar on the southend! Would you like me to book you a table?
Not right now, but could you give me their phone number and postcode?|I'd love to. The address is 2G Cambridge Leisure Park Cherry Hinton Road Cherry Hinton, and the postcode is cb17dy.
What area is that in?|it is in the south area.
Are there any architectural attractions near there?|There are no architecture attractions in the south.
What about something for entertainment?|Sure, most people love Tenpin, located at Cambridge Leisure Park, Clifton Way, postcode cb17d.
What is their phone number?|08715501010 Can I help you with anything else?
Can you also help me book a taxi|Certainly, were would you like the taxi from?
I want to leave the Tenpin by 17:15 to go to the Chiquito restaurant.|How many passengers will there be?
It will just be me, so one.|You are booked for a grey Toyota. The taxi contact number is 07123501809. Do you need help with anything else?
Could I get a phone number for the restaurant please?|You can reach them on 01223400170
that's all i need thanks|Glad I could help, have a good day.
I'd like some information on places to go in town. I'd like to go to a museum with free admission. Can you make a suggestion? Please provide phone number.|I have 23 museums to choose from and most have a free entrance.  Can you narrow down where you want to go?
I don't really have a preference. Are there any art museums?|Cambridge Contemporary Art is a free museum located in the centre area of town. Their number is 01223324222. Do you need anymore information?
Yes.  I need a place to stay with free wifi|Yes well what price range are you looking for and what area of town do you wish to stay in?
it should be in the expensive price range. free parking and should have a star of 4|In that case, you absolutely want to stay at the University Arms Hotel.  It is in the Centre area. Would you like me to book a room for you?
No just give me the address please.|Yes the address is Regent Street.
Thank you. That is all i needed.|Great.  Have a nice day.
Find me a train out of stevenage for Wednesday|Is there a time you'd like to leave or arrive by?
Yes, I'd like to arrive in Cambridge by 8:30.|TR9448 is available, would you like to book that one?
Please. I'll need 7 tickets.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 89.6 GBP payable at the station. Reference number is : E05ZQIF7. Is there anything else I can do for you?
I'm also looking for a cool college to visit in cambridge. Do you have any recommendations?|corpus christi is very popular. It is located in the town centre. The number is 01223338000. Can I help with anything else?
That's all I needed to know, thanks for your help!|Thank you for using our service today.
No problem.|Thank you for using the Cambridge Town Info Centre Services!
When visit I would like to visit King's College, do you have the times and the address?|The address is King's Parade. I don't have the times. Do you need anything else?
I need the post code and the entrance fee.|The entrance fee is free and the post code is cb21st.
Thanks. I'm also looking for a place to dine at. Can you help with that too?|Yes, what type of restaurant are you looking at?
I am looking for some south indian food that is expensive.|Unfortunately there are no South Indian cuisine restaurants in your preferred area. Would you like me to check another part of town?
No, can you search for Chinese food instead?|What area of town would you like to eat in?
North and moderate price range|We have one Chinese restaurant in that area, Golden Wok.  Would you like to make a reservation?
No, I don't need one right now. In fact, I'm all set. Thanks for all your help!|thank you and enjoy your stay!
You are looking for a train. The train should leave on saturday and should depart from cambridge|There are several. Is there a certain time you had in mind?
I'm looking for one that leaves after 12:00 going to leicester|TR2129 leaves Cambridge at 12:21.  There are trains every hour after as well, if you would like to leave a little later.
That on will be fine, what is the price, please?|The price is 30.24 pounds.
Great, thanks. I am also looking for a museum to go to.|What area would you like to be in?
I do  not care. I would just like some info on the one you think is best.|Okay I recommend cafe jello gallery in the west please.
What is the entrance fee and address?|It is free, and located at cafe jello gallery, 13 magdalene street
Okay.  That was in the West Cafe Jello Gallery at 13 magdalene street and it's free.  Thank you.  Goodbye.|I am glad that I could assist you today. I hope you have a wonderful evening. Bye bye.
Yes, hi. Can you help me locate a cinema.|There are two cinemas.  One is in the centre of town. The other is on the south side.  Is there anything else i can help you with today?
No, that's all I need.|Okay. Have a nice day.
Good bye.|Goodbye and thanks for contacting us
I need hotel tips, can you help?|I definitely can help with that. Do you have a price range in mind?
No, price doesn't really matter.  I do prefer 4 stars though, and free parking.|I'm sorry. It appears that there are no four star hotels in Cambridge with free parking. Can I help with something else?
Could you look again, 4 star and free wifi, does not need to be hotel can be any room.|I am still getting no results. How else may I help you?
Um really? There is no 4 star accommodations with free parking in all of Cambridge? I have a hard time believing that.|Sorry, there aren't any. Could I check for something else?
Are there any places to stay that offer free wifi?|I'm sorry, there really are none that match your criteria. Are you sure you don't want to lower your star rating?
What about with wifi and no parking?|I apologize, we actually have 19 options matching your query. Do you have a preference for price range?
I don't have a price in mind.  As long as it has free wifi and parking, I just need the name, area, and type please|The acorn guest house is a guesthouse	in the north. May I help with anything else ?
I am looking for the saint catharine's college|I found that info st catharines college is located at kings parade, has free entrance and its phone number is 012233338300. Can I help you with anything else?
I need a taxi to go between the guesthouse and the college. I want to leave the college by 07:30.|Your taxi is booked, look for a blue ford, phone number is 07891245613, any other questions?
That is everything. Thank you for your help.|Okay, have a great time in town!
We are looking for a place to go while in town in the east.|I have 10 places on the east side. Do you know what type of attraction you may like?
A concerthall would be really nice. Do you have one?|I don't have any concerthalls. But I do have cherry hinton hall and grounds, which is of attraction type "Entertainment." Would you like to hear more about it?
Yes please, can I get the postal code and entrance fee?|the postcode is cb18dw. unfortunately, i don't have information regarding the entrance fee.
I would also like to find a place to eat.  Can you find a gastropub restaurant in the expensive range?|Yes, I would suggest royal standard.
Is that close to the food place ?|Yes it is. It not far at all
So the Royal Standard is in the east?|Yes, I confirm the Royal Standard is in the east. Do you want me to book it for you?
Can you give me the address and phone number of it?|Sure, the Royal Standard is located at 290 Mill Road City, Centre, cb13nl and their phone number is 01223247877. Can I help with anything else?
Ok perfect I also need a taxi to commute between the two places.|Where you wanting the taxi to pick you up at Cherry Hinton Hall or the Royal Standard and at what time?
I would like to be picked from Cherry Hinton at 22:00 and arrive at the Royal Standard, please.|Your booking is completed! Your car type is yellow Toyota and contact number is: 07964380334. Can I assist with anything else?
Can you tell me the different museums please|Sure there are 23 museums. Are you interested in one with free entry?
Entrance fee doesn't really matter to me.  Pick your favorite and let me know the postcard, area, and phone number please.|I'd recommend the cafe jello gallery. It's on cafe jello gallery, 13 magdalene street, postcode cb30af. Their phone number is 01223312112.
What area can I find cafe jello gallery?|Cafe Jello Gallery is in the west.  The address is 13 magdalene street.
Ok, just gathering information for now, thank you.|My pleasure. Please call us back if you need anything else.
Thank you, have a good one.|You as well. Have a great trip, and thanks for using Cambridge Towninfo centre.
Thanks again. Bye!|You are welcome. Goodbye.
Hi, i am looking for some museums that I could visit when in town, could you help me find some?|Is there an area of town you prefer?
No, I don't care.|I recommend the Cafe Jello Gallery in the west. It's free to enter!
I also need a place to stay|Great! There are 33 hotels in the area. What area of town would you like to stay in? What is your preference on price?
The attraction should be in the type of museum. I don't care about the price range or the area|Just to clarify - did you need a different museum? Or a hotel?
That museum from earlier is fine, I just need their postalcode.  I need a hotel two in the west and moderately priced.|The postal code for Cafe Jello Gallery is cb30af. Okay, Hobson's House matches your request.
Do they have internet?|Yes they do. Would you like me to book a room for you?
No thanks. I will do that later. Can you please arrange for taxi service from Cafe Jello to Hobson's House sometime after 04:00?|I was able to book that for you. Be expecting a grey Tesla. If you need to reach them, please call 07615015749.
Well that you that is all i need for today|Your welcome.  Have a great day!
I am looking for a place called stazione restaurant and coffee bar. Can you help me?|Of course, Stazione is an Italian restaurant in the city centre. would you like me to make a reservation?
Yes. I would like to book a table for 7 on saturday at 11:15 please. And I'll need a reference number.|Your reservation is set. Reference number ZX0558LA. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, I'm looking for information on an attraction called the cambridge corn exchange.|It's a theatre on wheeler street in the center part of town. Is there something particular you'd like to know?
Yes, I'm just curious of the entrance fee.|I'm sorry. I'm unable to find the entrance fee. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I also need a taxi between the two places, I need to arrive by  at the restaurant 11:15.|I booked you a taxi from The Cambridge Corn Exchange to Stazione Restaurant. Look for a Red BMW, contact number 07906175521.  Can I help more today?
No, that's all. Thank you, goodbye.|You're welcome, have a fantastic day.
Can you tell me more about the peking restaurant? Thank you.|It is Chinese food in the south part of town, 10 Homerton Street City Centre
Great! Can you book a table for 3 there? We'd like something at 11:15 on Wednesday, please.|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Reference number is : VA3VO5OM.  What else can I assist you with today?
I would like to find a museum to to visit that is in the centre area of town.|The centre has 11 museums. I recommend castle galleries personally. It is free to enter.
That sounds lovely. Could I get the phone number?|Sure, the phone number is 01223307402. I can make a reservation if you would like?
Not right now. That's all I need. Thank you|Thank you for using our services.
I am looking for a train to Cambridge that arrives by 12:15.|I'd be happy to find you a train; where will you be traveling from?
I will be leaving from cambridge and it should go to leicester.|I booked the train for you, it is train number  TR7195 , reference number RT2NOVFD. Is there anything else I can help you with?
That's all. Thank you very much.|Are you certain you don't need further assistance?
Actually, are there any parks in the east?|Yes, there is Cherry Hinton Water Play park on the east side. Entrance is free there! Would you like any other information about the park?
Yes, can I please get the address and the entrance fee? Thanks.|Sure, it's at cherry Hinton hall on cherry Hinton road. There is no fee.
Okay.  That's all I need now.  Good bye.|You're welcome please let me know if you need anything else.
I am excited to visit some of your attractions.  Can you help me find a place to stay in the east part of town?|6 of the 7 places that match your request are guesthouses. Is that acceptable? And what pricerange are you needing?
Yes, a guesthouse would be great. I'd like for it to be in the moderate price range.|Ok.  There are three choices.  Do you need free parking?
you want to book it for 1 people and 2 nights starting from monday. no parking|Booking was successful. Reference number is : I4AFI8ET. what else do you need?
I'm looking for an attraction called the Cambridge Corn Exchange? Can you provide me with more information?|The cambridge corn exchange is located in the centre of town on wheeler st. The phone number is 01223357851 and the postcode is cb23qe. Anything else I can help with?
Can you book a taxi for me at 15:15 from the corn exchange to the guesthouse?|I sure can.  I book a white tesla for 15:15.  The reference number is 07560492867.
Thanks. I believe the car was the last thing I needed.|Alright, you are very welcome. Have a nice day!
Hi I am looking for a place to go in town, I want to see multiple sports in the centre of town.|I do not have any places with sports in the centre of town, I'm sorry.
How about a museum then?|There are 11. Did you want the museum to be free to enter?
Doesn't matter. Can you get me the postcode and phone number?|Okay, we got the broughton house gallery.  It's number is 01223314960 and the post code is cb11ln.  Is there anything else I can do for you?
Yes, I am also looking for a train leaving on Saturday and arriving by 13:45.|Departure location and destination, please?
I will be departing from Bishops Stortford and going to Cambridge.|TR6163 is available and will leave at 5:29 and arrive at 6:07
Are there tickets available for four people?|There are! I've booked 4 tickets for you. The total fee is 32.32 GBP payable at the station. Your reference number is : 5CJVK4K8. Is there anything else?
No, I think you covered it. Thanks so much.|You are very welcome. Thank you for contacting Cambridge Towninfo centre.
I am looking for nightclub options in cambridge.|Sure, we have 6 ballare, club salsa, kambar, soul tree nightclub, and the fez club.
What is the area and how much is the entrance fee? I will need the address and the phone number.|The ballare is located in the centre and costs 5 pounds. They are located at heidelberg gardens, lion yard.
Great!  I also need a place to stay in the moderate price range.  Any suggestions?|the a and b guest house is a guesthouse located in the east. It has 4 stars and is moderately priced.
I was really hoping to find a hotel if you could?|No problem.  I have three hotels, however, they are not 4 star.  How about a 2 star rated hotel?
A 2 star hotel is fine does it have free wifi?|Lovell Lodge is a hotel in the north that has free internet.  Would you like me to book it?
Yes, please.  I'd like 4 nights for 2 people starting Thursday.|Okay, we have booked you two for 4 nights, and your reference number is ZUA8CK80. Anything else I can help with today?
Yes, please! I need a taxi to commute between the two places.|Okay, not a problem. Which place will you like to be picked up from, and at what time?
I want to leave the Ballare by 22:45. Can you get me the contact number and car type?|A yellow Toyota will pick you up. There number is 07113435261, just in case you need it.
Thank you very much for helping me! Have a great day.|You're welcome. If you need anything else don't hesitate to call.
Hey, are there any cinemas in the city centre? I want to catch a flick.|Yes, Vue Cinema is in the city centre. Would you like their phone number?
No, but can I have the address and entrance fee please and thank you?|The address is the graton centre, east road and the entrance fee is not listed unfortunately.  Is there anything else I can help you with?
I also need a train.|I can help with that. Can you tell me where you will be departing from and heading to?
depart from leicester and should arrive by 08:00.
The train should go to cambridge and should leave on sunday|Ok I will book that for you and get you a confirmation number
I'm planning my trip there, but need to find a train for when I depart. Could you help me with that?|Sure. From where will you be departing, and what is your destination?
I'm leaving from Cambridge and going to Birmingham New Street.|There appear to be hourly trains from 05:01 to 23:01. Do you know what day and time you'd like to travel?
Wednesday and it should leave after 18:00.|The TR1766 leaves at 18:01 and arrives at Birmingham new street at 20:44.  Would that be OK?
That sounds good.  Can you book that for me for 3 people?|Ok, I have booked you 3 seats on that train.  Your reference number is MI5RMEHQ.  You'll need to pay 225.3 GBP at the station. Anything else I can do?
Can you also direct me to some attractions in town in the east?|Of course! There are several attractions in the east. I'd suggest Cambridge Artworks; it's a museum with free entrance. Would that work for you?
That would be perfect. Can you give me the address and the phone number?|The address is 5 greens road and the phone is 01223902168.  Is there anything else that i can do for you?
No, that is all. Thanks for your help.|You are welcome.  Have a great trip.  Bye.
I'm looking for some places that serve crossover food.|There is "international" cuisine. Can you elaborate on what you mean by Crossover? There are places that serve what we call "Modern European" food.
Are these places in the moderate price range?|I have The Varsity or Bloomsbury restaurants that both serve international food, are located in the city center and are in the moderate price range.
Well I really need something on the west side. What about moderately priced Indian food?|There is one Indian restaurant on the west side that is moderately priced. It is the Meghna. Would you like to book a table there?
Sure. Can you book a table for 2 people at 12:30 on Sunday? I'll need the reference number please.|The restaurant is all booked, reference is QAHKT2ZI.
Can you also help me find an attraction called Tenpin?|Tenpin is located on the south side, cambridge leisure park, clifton way. It's phone number is 08715501010. Do you wish to know more?
Yes, could you tell me what type of attraction this is?|Sure, it's an entertainment venue, did you want their phone number?
Yeah, and I would also like a taxi to get to the Meghna from the Tenpin by the reservation time, 12:30. I will need the contact number and car type.|Tenpin's number is 08715501010. I've booked you a taxi in a black ford, contact number is 07634445815. Can I help you with anything else today?
I just need to make sure the taxi will arrive at the restaurant by the booked time of 12:30.|I have scheduled the arrival at 12:30.  If you would like me to change the time, I can certainly do that.
No, you have been very helpful. Thank you for everything.|OK, great, I'm glad you are satisfied. Have a nice time!
I am looking for a restaurant in West Cambridge, in the cheaper price range please.|There is la margherita, an italian restaurant and thanh binh, a vietnamese restaurant.
Yes, I am interested in the one that serves Italian food.|How many people will be dining, and for what date and time?
There will be 4 people and I would like to reserve it for Wednesday at 6:15.|I wasn't able to make that reservation. Would you like to try a different time?
How about 17:15?|That booking was successful. Your reference number is XF1JEIBG.
Great.  Can you also tell me about Churchill College?  I am thinking of visiting that.|Churchill college is on the west side on Storey's way. There is no entrance fee. The phone number is 01223336233. Anything else I can tell you?
I think that was it. Thank you for your help!|You're welcome. Have a great day!
I need a train from london kings cross to cambridge please.|There are 70 trains leaving from London Kings Cross to Cambridge. Is there a particular time slot you would like?
I need a train that leaves after 10:15 on Tuesday.|I've got a train leaving 11:17 and arriving at 12:08, will that work for you?
Yes, that would be perfect, please book that for 6 people please.|Your total fee is 141.6 GBP payable at the station and your reference number is UQ49PB37.
I'm also looking for a museum in town. Can you recommend something?|There are 23 options. Would you like to search by area?
How about the centre?|Broughton house gallery is always lovely. That's located right in the centre and it's free to visit. Does that work?
Yes. May I have their postcode please?|Their postcode is cb11ln. Anything else?
No, that's all! Thank you so much for your help!|That's great to hear, I'm so glad to be of service. If at any time you need information about our lovely towne please remember to contact the Cambridge TownInfo centre!
I am traveling to Cambridge and am excited to see some tourist attractions.  Can you help me find a place to stay while I am there?|Yes, of course! What price range are you thinking?
I would like something cheap.|What type of attraction would you like?
I am looking for a hotel.|Yes, I apologize. What is your price range for the hotel?
Moderate price range please.|We have 18 places to stay in the moderate range. What area would you like to stay in?
It doesn't matter what area, but I would like it to have free parking. I don't care if it has internet.|How about the ashley hotel?
Yes, please. I need the address, postcode and star of the hotel please.|Their address is 74 Chesterton Road. The postcode is cb41er. They are rated 2 stars.
I'm also looking for somewhere to go in the centre of town, please.|Is there a particular attraction you want to go to?
No I don't have a preference.|We have many attractions.  What type of attraction would you like?
Can you make a suggestion?|I suggest the Junction located on Clifton Way. Would you like more information?
I need attraction type and the postcode.|The Junction is a theatre. The postcode is cb17gx
I will also need a taxi to get to the attraction by 6:30 from my hotel.|OK, we have booked a Red Skoda to take you to the Junction by 6:30 from your hotel. Contact number is 07776766676
I apologize for that, I'm actually looking for a taxi to leave the Junction and get to my hotel. I need to leave the Junction by 06:30.|No problem.  Look for a grey Lexus, contact number: 07151867055.  What else can I assist you with today?
That will be all thank you for your time.|You're welcome. Have a great day.
Hi, I am looking for an attraction called Queen's College.   Can you give me some information about it please?|sure! it's located in the west and costs 2.50 pounds.
Thank you for your help!|Glad to help. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
im looking for a place to stay with a moderate price and has wifi|There are quite a number to choose from. Do you want to stay in a particular area or do you have a preference between a guesthouse or hotel?
I would like something in the centre, with free wifi and free parking.|The Cityroomz Hotel is located in centre with a moderate price range and has internet.  Would you like the phone number or for me to book it for you?
Yes can you please do that for me thank you!|when were you planning your stay I need that info to book the room for you, thank you
Can you book a room for 1 for 4 nights starting from Tuesday?|Cityroomz does not have free parking.  Is that a requirement? There are no other places that meet all of the other requirements you need.
How about in the north area?|I have 10 different places. Some are guesthouses and a few hotels. Do you have a preference?
I'd prefer a hotel please.|I think ashley hotel would work for you. Would you like me to book a room for you?
Sure. That works for me. I need you to book it for 4 nights, 1 person, starting on Tuesday.|The booking was successful. Your reference number is T0ORFZPB. Is there anything else I can do for you today?
thanks i also need a taxi.|What destination and times do you need that taxi at?
I would like the taxi to leave the hotel by 21:15.|what is your destination?
i want to go towards the hotel|I was able to book your taxi. Be expecting a red Volkswagen. If you need to reach them, please call 07766667494.
thanks you very much|Is there anything else I can search for you? Do you need to book a restaurant?
No, that pretty much takes care of it.  Have a nice day.|Thank you for using our services.  I hope we see you again.
I am coming to town and need a hotel in the north. I will be working so need free wifi as well.|We have 12 hotels in the north with free wifi. Any other preferences so we can narrow things down for you?
What about a guesthouse that's a moderate price range?|The Acorn Guest House fits those criteria, would you like me to book you a room?
Yes, please. There will be 7 of us arriving on Tuesday, and we're staying for 5 nights.|You are all set at the Acorn Guest House.  Your reference number is B1GC6P8N
I also need a place to go in town, i'm thinking a college.|I'm sorry, but there are no colleges in the north. Can I try another area/attraction type?
Are there any colleges in the south?|There are not. Would you like me to search a different area?
if there ain't none, can you try a  nightclub? get postcode, entrance fee, and address|The place is a nightclub in the south.
Which nightclub is it?  And can you get me the information on it?|It's called the place and it's located at 22 sidney street. The phone number is 01223324600.
Can you tell me the entrance fee?|I'm sorry, the entrance fee is unavailable. You have to see the prices while at the club.
Thank you. I will look for the Entrance fees at the door.|Anything else I can do for you?
No, I can manage on my own from here.|Ok, thank you for reaching out to Cambridge TownInfo centre.  I hope you enjoy your stay!
Hello! I am looking for places to go in the centre of town. Can you help me with that?!|Absolutely. I have many options for you, including museums, architecture, concerthall and theatre. Do you have a preference?
I'd like to go to a theatre.|ADC Theatre is in the centre of town; will that work?
Yes, I just need to get the address and postcode for the Theatre.|No problem. ADC Theatre's address is Park Street and its postcode is cb58as. Do you need anything else?
Yes, I'd like to stay at an expensive 4 star hotel with free parking and wifi.|I have 2 possible hotels. The huntingdon marriott hotel in the west and university arms hotel in centre. Would you like to book one of these?
The huntingdon marriot hotel sounds great. Could you please give me the postcode?|The post code is pe296fl. Anything else I can help with?
Can I get a taxi to take me between the two places?|What time would you like to go?
I want to leave the Theater by 17:30|Booking completed! Please look out for a Grey Volvo, their contact number is 07820757877. Is there anything else I can help with?
Not at all.|Okay great. Enjoy your time in Cambridge.
Thank you, goodbye.|Have a great day!
Can you give me more information about shopping?|What area of town will you be shopping in?
I will be in the west part of town, but I think I am more interested in college visits if you could help me with that.|I have 5 in the west can I recommend churchill college?
Sure, what's the postcode for that college?|the postcode is cb30ds
Thanks! I'm also looking for somewhere to stay. Any hotels? Maybe around a 3 star, and I need wifi.|There is nothing that is 3 stars which includes wifi, can I check for something else?
Can you recommend a 3 star hotel then? I'd like a room for 2 nights on sunday, for two people.|There are no 3 star locations with parking. Sorry. Is there anything else I can help you with toay?
Actually, I wanted a 3 star hotel with wifi, not parking. Can you check again?|Sorry, I'm not seeing anything that matches your request. Would you want to try a guesthouse?
Hmm can you check one more time, it should really be a hotel.|There are two, does the area matter to you?
No the area doesn't matter as much, please provide me with the reference number.|What date are you checking in and how many are in your party?
book it for 2 people and 2 nights starting from sunday.|I'm sorry but i'm confused.   Where would you like reservations at?
I need you to find me a hotel with free wifi and a star rating of 3 in the west.|Nothing matching your criteria exists on the west side.s location matter?
No, the location does not matter.|There are two hotels meeting your criteria. Can I recommend Gonville Hotel in the Centre area. It has parking and internet. Do you want that booking?
i am looking for places to go in town. The attraction should be in the centre and should be in the type of mutliple sports.|I'm sorry, we don't have a multiple sports attraction in town centre. Would you like something else?
Sure, is there a college I could visit?  I'd like it to be in the town's centre please.|There are 13 colleges in the centre of town. Do you have a specific one you like to check out?
Which one would you suggest and what is the entrance fee?|Sidney sussex college will be a mind blowing experience, would you like more information?
Please let me know what the entrance fee is.|The entrance is free. Is there anything else I can assist with?
I am also looking for a moderate place to stay with a 0 star rating. Does not need to have free parking.|There is cityroomz it's a moderately priced hotel in the centre of town. Would you like me to make a reservation for you?
Yes please. I need it to be for 5 people and 4 nights starting on Sunday.|You are all set, the reference number is ZS2OUTXD
Alright thats everything thanks|It was a pleasure to help you. Have a good day. Goodbye.
I need a train leaving from kings lynn.|There are 133 trains leaving Kings Lynn, do you have a particular day you are traveling?
Yes, I'd like to travel on Wednesday, and I'd like to arrive in Cambridge no later than 15:30.|TR8143 departs at 14:11 and arrives in Cambridge by 14:58, does this suit your needs?
Yes it does. Can you verify the total travel time and price?|Sure - the travel time is 47 minutes, and the fee is 9.80GBP per ticket.
I also need a nightclub in the west.|There are no nightclubs in the west. Would you like to try another area?
Could you look up a college instead then?|Churchill college is located in the west part of town.
Could you get me the postcode and entrance fee for there?|They have free entrance. Their postcode is cb30ds.
Thanks a lot, that's all.|I'm glad I could help.
Thank you goodbye.|Enjoy your travels! Let us know if we can be of any further assistance.
Hi, I'm traveling to Cambridge soon and am looking forward to seeing some local tourist attractions.|There are many to see! Are you going to be traveling within a certain area of town?
Actually, yes. We are traveling into the northern part of town.|If you're heading north, I recommend taking a ride on the Riverboat Georgina.
That sounds nice but I would like to see about a guesthouse with free wifi.|There at 10 guest houses in the north offering free wifi. Are you looking for a particular price range?
No, I don't really care about price.  Just something in the north that includes wifi.|Acorn Guest house is located in the north , has free wifi and is moderately priced.
Groovy!!  Let get a booking for 2 people and 2 nights starting sunday.|Your booking has been made and your reference number is O0FG9YKT. Acorn Guest House is located at 154 Chesterton Road. Is there anything else I can do for you?
Yes, I am looking to visit the cherry hinton hall and grounds. Can I please have more information on that?|Sure, that's a great entertainment venue in the East. Their phone number is 01223446104. Is there anything else you need to know?
No, taht will be all. Thanks, goodbye.|Thank you for using our service!
I'd like to find a museum to visit|Sure, do you want to be in a certain area?
I don't have a preference. I do need the area, address and postcode.|Can I recommend broughton house gallery?
That would be great. Can you provide me with the area, address, and postcode please?|Sure thing! Broughton House Gallery is located at 98 King Street in Centre and the postcode is cb11In. Can I help you further today?
Yes, I am looking for a 3 star hotel in the expensive price range that includes free parking in the South.|I did happen to find 1 hotel that will meet your needs. It is called the Lensfield Hotel. They are expensive and 3 star rated. Shall I reserve a room?
Yes please, for 4 people for 3 nights|What day do you want to check in?
I will get there on Saturday.|I have your rooms booked!  What else can I do?
I need a reference number for the hotel.|Reference number is 26OVK8Q2.
Thanks! I will need a taxi, too, please. I'd to leave the hotel by 10:30 to head to the gallery.|You will be picked up by a blue audi. their contact number is 07805502716
Great!  That is all I needed, thanks.|Thank you for contacting us and have a nice day.
I can't wait to tour some local attractions.  I'm looking for some places to go when I'm in town.  Can you help with that?|of course! how about downing college, it has free admission.
Awesome, can I have the postcode and address please?|The postcode is cb21dq, and the address is regent street.
Thank you! I'm also looking for a hotel called aylesbray lodge guest house.|The aylesbray guest house is a 4 start guest house located in the south area of town and it is moderate in price.
That sounds perfect! Can you reserve me a room for Tuesday for 5 guests?|I have the system up, will this be for one day or more?
I need it for 4 nights|OK, your room is booked. The reference number is NZGYO251. Can I help you with anything else today?
Yes I need a taxi to travel between the two places and would like to leave the attraction by 04:00 please.|A taxi has been booked. The contact number is 07045457153, in case you have any questions.
Can you tell me the car type please?|It will be a White Skoda. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, that will be all. Thanks, goodbye.|Thank you for using our service today.
I would like to book a train leaving on Monday going to London Liverpool street, can you help me with that please?|I found ten, trains, what time would you like to leave or arrive by?
The train should depart from cambridge and should arrive by 18:30.|There are 7 trains meeting those criteria. They call cost the same amount. When would you like to leave by?
Any train just arriving by 18:30, can I just get the train ID and price of one of those?|I have one that leaves at 11:59 and arrives at London Liverpool Street at 13:27. Train ID TR7276 and it is 16.60 pounds
Thanks.  I'd also like someplace to go in the west. Maybe some sort of attraction.|There are 13 different attractions in that area, mostly colleges and museums, do either of those options interest you?
Anything in the west that seems interesting, I just need the postcode and entrance fee.|I believe you might enjoy Queens' college. It is very rich with history. It is 2.50 pounds to get in and it's postcode is cb39et.
Thank you so much!|You are very welcome! Have a pleasant day!
Need the train schedule from ely to cambridge|What day would you like to travel?
I am traveling friday.|The first train leaves at 05:35 and has a duration of 17 minutes. Trains leave every two hours thereafter ending at 23:35.
Do you have one leaving after 15:30?|There is a train that leaves at 15:35.
Ok I will book that for you and get you a confirmation number|Just to be clear, you want me to book 1 seat on train TR4389, departing Ely at 15:35. Is that correct?
No. I don't need a booking. Sorry. I do need help finding an attraction.|There are several attractions what part of town
Hi! I'm looking for someplace to go in the centre.|Okay, there's plenty to do in the city's centre. What kind of attraction are you interested in?
It does not really matter can you suggest one?|how about little saint mary's church?
Sounds perfect.  Is it architectural?  Also, can I have the address with postcode?|It is an architecture attraction it's located on little saint mary's lane postcode cb21qy. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, I'm looking for a guesthouse with a star rating of 1.  It should be in the city centre please.|I don't have any guesthouses that meet that criteria. Would you like me to try something else?
Do you have any guesthouses with a star rating of zero?|Yes, I do have one. The El Shaddai is in the centre and is cheap. It is 0 star rated and offers free parking and wifi. Do you need a room?
No not right now. What is their address?|The address is 41 Warkworth Street. Can I help you with anything else today?
I also need a taxi to get to little saint mary's church by 3:15.|What is your departure site?
I'm sorry, we need a taxi departing from Saint Mary's Church by 3:15 going to the guesthouse.|You are booked for a yellow audi. Your contact number is 07526986404. May I  help you with anything else?
No that was all I needed.  Thank you, goodbye.|Enjoy your trip.
Are there any places in the south section of town the has to do with multiple sports?|Unfortunately, I don't see any that are in the south. Would you like me to check in another area of town?
Do you have in attractions in a type of park in the south?|We have 2 parks in the south. I recommend Wandlebury Country Park.
That sounds nice. Can you give me their address, postcode, and phone number, please?|I sure can. They are located at Wandlebury Ring, Gog Magog Hills, Babraham. Their postcode is cb223ae. The phone number is 01223243830. Can I help you with anything else?
No that was all I needed right now, thanks very much. Goodbye.|Okay.  Have a great time!
Hi, I am looking for information for my upcoming trip.  Can you help me with some attractions?|Absolutely. Which area of town will you be visiting?
I'd like something in the east.|There are many attractions in the east, including boats, museums, swimming pools, parks, and sports. Are you interested in anything specific?
No, It doesn't matter pick something for me.  I'll need to know what the entrance fee is though.|I would suggest the funk fun house. I do not have an entrance fee listed but you can call them at 01223304705.
That sounds interesting, what type of attraction is it?|There are quite a few options in the center. And most museums  are free to enter.
What type of attraction is the Funk Fun House?|It is an entertainment attraction.
Great. I also need a train to Cambridge on Sunday.|There are 202 trains that meet your criteria. Would you like to narrow it down by departure site, arrival time, or departure time?
Yes, the train should leave after 9:00. I'm departing from ely. I'll need the arrival time and travel time, please?|The earliest is TR4212 which leaves at 09:35. It arrives by 09:52 and takes 17 minutes.
Thank you, that is everything I need.|You're welcome. Have a great day.
Yeah, would you happen to know if there is anything fun to do in town near me?|There are many options. What attraction type do you prefer? Any preference for area?
I'm not sure what types are available, but I am looking for something in the city centre.|In the centre of town there are 44 different attractions. I have theatres, nightclubs, swimming pools, parks, museums, concerthalls, colleges and boats. Does one of those interest you?
Please pick your favorite one to recommend to me and provide me with the name, attraction type, and entrance fee. I am open to anything!|I enjoy going to a concert hall. There is the man on the moon in the centre of town.  You can call them for the fee at 01223474144.
Thanks for the information. What can you tell me about a restaurant called Galleria?|Galleria is a European restaurant in the centre of town,   Would you like me to book you a table?
Yes, please.  Book a table for 6 people at 17:45 on Friday.|Thank you for holding. I have booked a table for you at the Galleria. Your reference number is PUVXNKEZ. Would you like their address and phone number?
No, thanks. I will need a taxi to arrive at the restuarant by 17:45.|Where would be your departure site?
The concert hall you recommended. The man on the moon?|Ok, I have booked the taxi for you.  It will be a black Volkswagen & their # is 07107131521. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I think that should cover it. Thank you for your help!|You are welcome. Thanks for choosing Cambridge TownInfo centre today!
Hi there.  I am looking for some information on places to go in town.|What types of attraction are you interested in?
The attraction should be in the center and should be in the type of college.
Make sure you get phone number and postcode.|You should go to Corpus Christi, the phone number is 01223338000 with a postcode of cb23bu.  Can I assist you further today?
Yes, I'd like to find a good restaurant please. I'm in the mood for Indian food and money is no object.|There are quite a few Indian restaurants in the centre and since money is no object, I recommend the curry garden. Would you like me to book you a reservation there?
I'm not ready to book a table yet.  Can I get the address including postcode, please?|Sure. The Curry Garden is located at 106 Regent Street at the City Centre. The postcode is cb21dp.
Great I also need a taxi that will help me commute between the two places.|what time do you need to leave or arrive by?
i want to leave the attraction by 15:00|Your taxi reservation on a white Ford is complete. You will be picked up by 15:00 at Corpus Christi and dropped off at Curry Garden. The contact number is 07699910200
Great, thanks very much!|Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
That is all, thanks.|Have a nice day.
Good Morning, I am looking for a place to on the east side that has entertainment|Ok, cherry hinton hall and grounds is in the east side of town. Would you like the address?
Yes, and the postcode please!|cb18dw is their postcode.
Thank You. I think that's all I need.|You're welcome! Have a great day! Goodbye.
i am looking for a place to dine. the restaurant should be in the cheap price range and should serve swedish food.|Unfortunately, I am not able to find any Swedish cuisine in the Cambridge area. Can I look up another type of restaurant for you?
Darn. How about trying a Portuguese place?|Yes!  You can try nandos city centre.  Need a reservation?
Yes, please. Can you reserve a table on Friday for 1 person at 17:45 please?|Done! Your table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Your reference number is RYED8GWK. Is there anything else that I can help you with?
I am also looking for entertainment.|what about the junction? it's a theater near the south
The junction works, could I have their phone number and address?|Of course. The junction is located on clifton way. The phone number is 01223511511.
thank you that will be all|Have a great time and enjoy!
Actually,  can I get a taxi to go from the junction to the restaurant?|Alright, I've booked you a taxi that will get you to Nando's by your reservation time. It will be a yellow Lexus, and your contact number is 07362117815. Anything else?
No, that's really everything this time, I promise. Thanks again!|Thank you for using the Cambridge Town Info Centre Services. We hope you enjoy your time in Cambridge!
Hi, I'm interested in finding something to do on the north end of town. Are there any boats there that I might be able to visit?|Yes, the riverboat georgina operates out of that area. Would you like me to provide any additional information?
Yes please. I would like to get the address and postcode for the riverboat.|Certainly, their address is cambridge passenger cruisers, jubilee house and their postcode is cb43ax.
Ok, I need a restaurant in the north side that serves chinese as well.|There are 3 options for Chinese food on the North side. Would you prefer one that is moderately priced or an expensive one?
Whichever one would be able to be booked for 4 people at 13:00 on thursday.|Hakka has been booked, reference number is P1MMD3MO
Thank you. I'll need a taxi to get me to the restaurant.|Can you tell me where you would like the taxi to pick you up and at what time?
I'd like to be picked up from the Georgina, and please make sure I'm there before my booking at Hakka.|Okay, I've booked a white Ford for you. The contact number is 07504485210. What else can I help you with?
That's all I need! Thank you!|Happy to help! Enjoy your trip!
Thank you very much.|You're quite welcome. Enjoy!
Hi, I'm looking for information on the Riverboat Georgina. Could you provide me with any details?|Would you like to know the boat's area, phone number, postcode, or address?
I need the address and phone number, please.|The address for Riverboat Georgina is Cambridge passenger cruisers, jubilee house. The phone number is 01223902091. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes I would like to find information on a restaurant called the Hotpot.|hot Pot is an expensive chinese restaurant in the north. Would you like a reservation?
I want a table for 2 people at 12:30 on Saturday.|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Reference number is : V7IS3L5F.
Thank you!|You're welcome.
Yes I would like information on Clare hall.|Of couse. Clare Hall is a college located in the west. It's address is herschel road, and there is no entrance fee. Is there anything else you would like to know?
What is the phone number for Clare Hall?|The phone number is 01223332360. Could I be of further assistance?
I also am looking for a hotel called kirkwood house|Kirkwood House is a guesthouse in the north area with 4 stars moderately priced.
Can I get the address for the Kirkwood House?|The address for Kirkwood House is, 172 Chesterton Road post code cb41da. Is there anything else you would like to know?
That's it.  Thank you.|You're welcome. Enjoy your stay!
I need a train that departs from cambridge and should leave on thursday.|What is you destination?
I am heading to Peterborough and need it to leave after 13:00.|There is a train at 1:06 pm on thursday, it is a 50 minute ride. Should I book?
Yes please book 7 tickets.|Reference number is : G2KRNAR7. AND PRICE IS 115.5 GBP
Thanks. What's interesting in the way of attractions in the centre of town?|All Saints Church on Jesus Lane is very interesting.  Admission is free and it has the most impressive architecture I've seen.  Does that interest you?
Definitely - can I have their phone number?|The phone number is 01223452587, is there anything else I can help you with today?
Thank you for your help, I think that will be everything today!|Okay. Glad I could help.
Are there any museums I could go to in the west part of town? Thanks.|There are 7 Museums in the west area, how much did you want to spend to enter?
I'd like something in the cheap price range please.|You should try Kettle's Yard on Castle street. It is free. Phone # 01223748100.
Can you give me the postcode for Kettle's Yard?|Yes sure. It is cb30aq.
Thanks! I also need information on Leverton House.|What would you like to know?
Do they have free internet?|Yes, there is free internet and free parking. It is a guesthouse. Do you need more information?
No that was all I needed.  Thank you.  Goodbye.|Thank you for using our system today.
I need to find a train to take to Cambridge please.|There are over 1,400 results, can you provide me with more information? Such as departure site, day and time of travel.
I need to go from Broxbourne to Cambridge on Friday. I would like to leave after 19:15, please.|TR5056 leaves at 19:32 would that work for you?
It may work... what time does it arrive in Cambridge?|Train TR5056 arrives in Cambridge at approximately 20:32. Shall I book that for you?
No but I also need info on the parkside pools attraction.|Of course! It's a swimming pool in the centre at gonville place cb11ly and the phone number is 01223446100. May I help with anything else?
Can I please have the address to the swimming pool?|The address is just "Gonville Place", postcode cb11ly.
Thank you that is all the information I need today.|I'm glad I was able to assist you. Have a good day.
I'm looking for somewhere fun to go in the west part of town.|We have an entertainment venue called Whale of a Time in the west.
That sounds good. What is their phone number, address, and entrance fee?|The phone number is 01954781018.
how much is admission?|The admission fee is not currently available, so you may want to call their box office.
looking for a train. The train should leave on tuesday and should leave after 19:00.|Okay, where are you headed and where are you departing from?
First can I get the address for Whale of a Time?|Sure, the address is Unit 8, Viking Way, Bar Hill.
For the train, I am leaving Cambridge and going to Bishops Stortford.|TR5928 leaves Cambridge at 19:29 and arrives by 20:07, making it a 38 minute trip.  It costs 10.10 pounds.  Do you need me to book some seats for you?
Yes please. I would like one seat.|Okay. I booked you one seat on TR5928. The reference number is D42F8OSX and it will cost 10.1 GBP.
Thank you for your help, that is all for now.|Thanks for choosing to stay in our city, enjoy the trip!
I need to book a train that leaves after 08:45 on Sunday|I can help!  Where are you traveling to?
I'll be traveling to Cambridge and want to depart from Birmingham New Street. What are my options?|The TR9714 leaves at 09:40.
Can you please provide me with the arrival and travel time? Thank you|The arrival time is 12:23, and it's a long trip - 163 minutes. Can I help you with anything else today?
Yes I am looking for colleges to visit in town.|Okay, there are 18 in town! What part of town would you like to go to?
Whichever one wherever you like best please.|I personally like to visit Christ's College myself.  And, it's free to enter.  Would that work for you?
That sounds great.  Can you give me the address and phone number?|Their address is saint andrew's street, and their phone number 01223334900.
Great, thanks so much, that's all that I need!|Thank you so much for calling Cambridge TownInfo centre! It was a pleasure to serve you, we hope you enjoy your trip!
I am new in town and I was wondering if you knew any good nightclubs or a hot spot similar to one nearby.|I have 6 local nightclubs listed. Five are located in he center area and one is in the south. Which are you interested in?
Five that are located in the center area.|The nightclubs in the center of town are ballare, club salsa, kambar, soul tree, and the fez club.
Can I get the phone number and address of Ballare?|The phone number is 01223364222. The address is heidelberg gardens, lion yard. Can I help with anything else?
Yes. Can you book a hotel for the same evening?|Yes, would you like that to also be in the centre area?
Actually, I don't need a hotel. I do need a train to Ely on Sunday, though. I'll be leaving from Cambridge after 17:45.|The first train to leave after 17:45 leaves at 17:50. Would you like to me to book that for you?
Can I get the price, travel time, & arrival time?|3.52 pounds, it arrives at 18:07 after a 17 minute travel time. Is there anything else you need?
That is everything. Thank you for the help!|You are very welcome. Have a great day.
I am looking for a restaurant called Efes Restaurant.|Efes restaurant is in town centre, serving turkish food and is moderately priced.  The address for it is King Street City Centre. Would you like to reserve a table?
Yes please, just for 1 on Sunday at 18:45.  I will need a reference number as well.|Great! I booked you in at 18:45 on a Sunday. Your reference number is RZD2U6C2.
Thanks. I'd also like suggestions on attractions in town under the college category.|We have many colleges, some with an entrance free and some without. Do you have a preferred location or cost concern?
I will take one that you recommend.  I will need the postcode and address.|How about churchill college? Address is storey's way, postcode cb30ds. Anything else I can do for you?
What's the address for Churchill College?|The address is saint andrew's street.
Can I get the postcode as well for it?|The postcode is cb30ds.
Wonderful. Thank you so much for this! Have a great day.|And a great day to you as well!
Are there any concert halls in the center of town?|I have a listing for the man on the moon,can I get you any other information?
Yes I would need the postcode, entrance fee and phone number.|Sure, the post code iscb12lf and the phone # 01223474144. Unfortunately, we don't have the information on the entrance fee.
Thank you. I also need to find a train going to cambridge.|Okay, what day will you be traveling and where will you be departing from?
I will be leaving on Wednesday from London Liverpool Street|What time will you be traveling?
I need to leave after 12:15.|TR2826 leaves from london at 13:39 and arrives at 15:07. Fare is 16.60. Would you like me to book seats for you?
Yes, I need one ticket, please.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 16.6 GBP payable at the station .
Reference number is : V5YS30VP. Can I help with anything else today?
No thank you that will be all|Have a nice day.
There are French restaurants in Cambridge, right?|Yes, there are 2 french restaurants.
Can you try booking one of them for 8 people at 13:45 on wednesday?|You are all booked at cote. Your reference number is OJFUL39U.
Was that restaurant in the North?  I needed one in the north.|Restaurant two two is in the north. Would you like me to book there instead?
yes, please for 8 people at 13:45 on wednesday|Sure your reservation number OJFUL39U.
I am also looking for places to go in town. The attraction should be in the same area as the restaurant and should be in the type of boat.|Riverboat Georgina meets your criteria. Would you like more information?
Can you give me the address and entrance fee to this attraction?  Thank you for your help!|The address is cambridge passenger cruisers, jubilee house. I don't have the entrance fee available to me, but you can contact them at 01223902091 for more information.
Ok great, thank you. That is all I need.|excellent, have a great day!
Can you help me find Cambridge University Botanic Gardens? Thanks.|Yes, cambridge university botanic gardens is a park located in the centre of town, there is a 4 pound entrance fee.
Do you know the hours that they are open?|I'm sorry, I do not have that information.
am also looking for a particular restaurant. Its name is called the copper kettle|Ok.  The cooper kettle is a british restaurant located at 4 Kings Parade in city centre.
what's the postcode?|The postcode is cb21sj. Can I help you with anything else?
I will need a taxi to get to the botanic gardens.|Do you need it from the restaurant? What time would you like to leave?
I would like to leave by 21:15. Could you provide a contact number and car type?|I'm looking at Yellow Lexus that will pick you up from the restaurant. The contact number is 07336692498.
Great that's all I needed, thank you.|No problem, we are always here to help. Good day!
I want to take a train to cambridge that arrives by 17:00.|Where will you be departing from?
I'll be traveling from Peterborough.|What day would you like to travel?
Oh, I forgot to mention that, sunday please.|I have train TR3782 leavinga t 5:19 and arriving at 6:09. Would you like to book that?
Not now. What's the travel time for that train?|The total travel time is 50 minutes.
I am also looking for something to do that is entertainment.|sure! any particular part of town?
No, just give me some options I can choose from.|cherry hinton hall and grounds,	funky fun house,	tenpin, nusha,	and whale of a time	are your options
Whale of time sounds interesting what area is it in? I also need the address and phone number.|It's on the west side of town at unit 8, viking way, bar hill. Their phone number is 01954781018. Do you need anything else?
No, that's all I need today.  Thanks for your help!|Yeah, anytime happy to help.
I'm looking for a type of boat in the east.|There is camboats in the east.  Their phone number is 01223902112 and they are located at the plough, green end, fen ditton, post code cb58sx.  Anything else?
IS there a high end restaurant that serves british cuisine in the same area?|you are lucky! there is only one restaurant called grafton hotel restaurant that serves expensive british in the east. Do you need my help to reserve it?
no not at the moment. But i do need their phone number though.|No problem. Their number is 01223241387. Is there anything else I can help with you?
Can you also book me a taxi to commute between the two places?|Sure thing. What is your destination and when do you want to leave?
I want to leave the restaurant by 2:00. The destination would be the camboats.|You're all set. A blue audi is picking you up and their contact number is 07384256413.
I'm looking for boating activities in town.|Certainly, we have several interesting boats. Is there an area of town that you prefer?
I do not have a preference.|There's Camboats, Riverboat Georgina, Scudamores Punting Co., and The Cambridge Punter. Would you like more information on any of these?
Yes, can you tell me the postcode for the Riverboat Georgina, please?|Sure.  It is cb43ax.  Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, that'll do it for today. Thanks very much for your help!|You're very welcome! Thanks for contacting the Cambridge TownInfo Centre and have a great day!
Please find a place to go in the north.|If you'll be in the north, I recommend taking a ride on the Riverboat Georgina.
What is the postcode?|Riverboat Georgina is located in the North area, its postcode is cb43ax. Would you like to know the address, as well?
I just need the postcode.|Is there any other information I can assist you with today?
Yes, I am also looking for a place to dine. I want it to be expensive and in the north area.|There are five places in north, which are expensive what type of food do you want?
It doesn't matter.  Something that you would recommend.|I recommend the Restaurant Two Two. It's a French restaurant located at 22 Chesterton Road.
I like that can you book a table for 5 people at 15:15 on tuesday.|Your table has been booked. The reference number is 2UYMG55P. Is there anything else I can do for you?
I don't need anything else, Thanks.|Thanks for choosing our service, have a lovely day.
Hi I'm looking for a restaurant in the north that serves Asian oriental food.|I'd recommend saigon city. Would you like to make a reservation?
That sounds great! We would like a reservation for Monday at 16:45 for 6 people. Can I get the reference number for our reservation?|Okay your reservation is all set and the reference number is  O5CYZT0L.
Thank you very much. Also, do you have any suggestions on someplace fun to visit in the north as well?|Sure I have boating, swimming and park attractions in the North. Would you like further information on any of those activities.
We love boating.  Can you give me the address of one of the nicer boating areas please?|I'd suggest the Riverboat Georgina. Their address is Cambridge Passenger Cruisers, Jubilee House, cb43ax.
Thanks so much! That's all I need today.|Well, you're welcome!  You have a great day!
I need a train to Cambridge that will arrive by 18:03 and leaving on Friday.|We have many trains going to Cambridge, Where are you departing from?
Depart from Cambridge and go to Stansted Airport|The closest train meeting you requirements will arrive in Stansted at 17:08. Would you like me to book that for you?
That works. May I get the departure time, travel time, and price for that as well?|The train departs at 17:40 duration 28 minutes price 10.10 pounds.
I would also like to find out if there are any museums located in the centre of town.|I show 11 results for museums in the centre, all free entrance.  To name a few there is castle galleries, primavera, ruskin gallery. Would you like more information?
May I have the phone number and address for Castle Galleries?|Sure the phone number and address for Castle Galleries are 01223307402 and unit su43, grande arcade, saint andrews street.
Is there an entrance fee?|No, no fee it is free entrance. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, thank you, that is all.|I'm happy to be of service. Enjoy your stay in Cambridge!
I need a place to eat in the south that's expensive.|There are Chinese, Indian, Italian, and Mexican restaurants that fit that criteria. Do you have a preference?
I would like Chinese or Mexican restaurants|How about chiquito restaurant bar? It's an expensive and delicious restaurant in the south.
Sure, I need a table for 8 at 17:15 on Wednesday, please.|Okay, I was able to reserve that table for you. Your reference number is XAL5QLX9.
Thank you, what places can you go to that are in the same area?|There are a range of attractions in the south, including parks, nightclubs, a museum, a theatre, a cinema, and more general entertainment venues. What sort of attraction are you interested in?
A museum sounds great. Can you get the phone number for one?|Yes, the byard museum is reachable at 01223464646, they have free admission and are located at 14 king's parade, any other questions?
That sounds very nice. Can you book me a taxi or car service between those two places? I'd like to arrive by my reservation time, please.|I was able to book a taxi for you. Be looking for a yellow Skoda. If you need to reach them, please call them at 07550666183. Is there anything else?
That would be all, thanks!|Thank you for using our service. Have a good day. Goodbye.
Hello, I am going to nee a place to go in the centre of town. Multiple sports would be best.|Unfortunately, we don't have any attractions that match that description. Could you like to explore other areas?
No. Could we try a museum in the centre of town?|The are 11 entries found for "museum" at the center of town. Would you like the first listing?
Yeah, that would be great. Thanks.|That would be the Broughton House Gallery. Do you need anything else?
Can I have the postcode, entrance fee and address? I also need a hotel within a moderate price range.|You can find Broughton House Gallery at 98 king street. The postcode is cb11ln, and entry is free.
Are there any moderately priced hotels in that same area?|We have Cityroomz in the area. Would you like me to book you a room?
Yes please. I need a room for 2 people for 2 nights starting wednesday.|OK, what nights and how many people?
Starting on Wednesday please. 2 nights for 2 people.|OK, you're all set for 2 nights at Cityroomz. Your reference number is NWD2GD50. Can I help with anything else today?
That is everything I needed for today. Thank you for your help!|Thank you for using this system.
I would like to take a train from Cambridge to Leicester.  I have to get there for a dinner by 19:15.|I can help with that. What day is your dinner?
It is on Tuesday.|I have train TR4506 that leaves at 17:21 and arrives in Leicester at 19:06. Would this work for you?
That's perfect. That's all I need for now.|Okay, your trip has been booked. Train# TR4506. Leaving at 17:21, arriving at 17:06.  Total cost is 37.79 GBP payable at the station. Your reference number is 244DG7UO
Can you possibly find me a swimming pool in the West?|There are no swimming pools in the west.
how about one that is in the type of college?|yes those we have quite a few of, how can I help you?
Any you suggest will be fine. I'll just need the postcode, phone number, and entrance fee, please?|Do you need free admission or pay to get in?
It doesn't matter, just pick the one you think is best!|Clare college is a nice place and phone is 01223336233
I am looking for a certain hotel.  I think it is called Rosa's Bed and Breakfast|Would you like their address or phone number?
First of all, do they have free parking?|Yes, they do.
I am also looking for a good attraction in the center part of town.|There is All Saints Church , do want the adress and phone number ?
I am looking for a place to go.|Okay, what kind of place are you looking for?
Nothing in particular. What's the phone number, type, and fee for your favorite place?|What area will you be staying in and what kind of things do you like?
I would like the attraction to be in the centre.|There are 44. What type are you intersted in?
anything that is good, just recommend any|Would you be interested in an architecture attraction such as great saint mary's church? They have a 2 pound entrance fee or there are others available for free.
May I have the phone number please?|01223350914 is the phone number
Thank you very much that would be it.|Enjoy your visit and let us know if you need help with other arrangements in the future.
I will and thank you for your assistance.|You're very welcome.
I'm looking for some place to go in the centre where I can enjoy multiple sports. Can you help me?|There is the cherry hinton village centre.
Great. Can you also check for colleges?|There's over 10 colleges in the centre, anything in mind?
Just one you think is nice. Please give me address, entrance fee and number.|Okay Christ's College's address is saint andrew's street and it is free to explore and their phone number is 01223334900.
Thank you. Can you also help me find a train from London Kings Cross leaving sometime after 13:15?|Sure, I can help you with that.  What day will you be leaving on?
I will be leaving on thursday.|TR2512 will leave Kings Cross at 13:17 and arrive in Cambridge at 14:08. Would you like tickets?
I'm sorry, I know I said Thursday, but I will actually be leaving on Wednesday. Can you check for that day instead?|There are six trains that fulfill your needs. Would you like to book one?
No thank you. I'll just need the arrival time, travel time, and train ID for one of the available trains, please?|trin ID TR0922 arrives 14:08 and will take 51 minutes . do you like that?
yes but you don't have to be rude.|I'm sorry, is there anything else I can help you with today?
No, thank you. I appreciate your help today. I have all that I need.|Have a wonderful trip.
I am looking to stay at a four start place with free wifi.|I am showing three results for four star hotels with internet. Would you rather be located in the center of town, or on the west side?
Either will do. Are there by any chance any cheap guesthouses available?|alexander bed and breakfast is located in the centre and finches bed and breakfast is located in the west. both are cheap guesthouses with internet.
Please book Alexander Bed and Breakfast for 4 people and 5 nights starting on Tuesday.|I've got it all booked for you.  Your reference number is YIZ6WQ8T.
I'm also looking for an architecture attraction to go to. Do you have information on any of those?|yes there are a number of them. which side would you prefer?
well since the hotel is in the center try nearby.|There are 5 choices. I recommend old schools on trinity lane. It is free admission.
Please send me their phone number and postcode.|The phone number is 01223332320 and post code is cb21tt.
Okay, that's all I need for today. Thanks, bye!|Thank you, enjoy your stay!
i'm looking  for a particular hotel|I'll be happy to find information on the hotel. What hotel would you like me to look up for you?
Finches Bed and Breakfast. I would like to book it for 1 person and 4 nights, start date on Wednesday. Can you also provide me with reference number?|I have made your reservation. Your reference number is 97RYHJTP.
im also looking for a place to go in the south|there are many things to do. What would you like ?
it should be a theatre. get me the entrance number|the junction fits your description. can i give you their address?
Actually I'll be taking a taxi between the two. But before I do that, is there an entrance fee?|The Junction does not have their entrance fee available. Would you like their phone number to call them?
No thank you. I would like a taxi, leaving The Junction by 17:30.|All set, look for a yellow bmw, if there are issues, they can be reached at 07689463937, any other questions?
No, you have taken care of everything. Thanks you so much. Good-bye.|Your Welcome good bye
I'm looking for a good place to go with multiple sports in the center of time.|There are no multiple sports attractions in the centre of town. There is one in the east though. Anything else I can help you with?
Then can you tell me a good museum.|The Broughton House Gallery is in the centre, and it has no entrance fee.
May I have the telephone number please?|Yes their telephone number is 01223314960. May I help you with anything else?
I also need an expensive restaurant in the same area.|The Golden Curry is an excellent Indian restaurant and it is located only a few blocks from the museum.
Great Can I make a reservation for 13:45 for 5 people on Thursday? Also may I have the reference number?|Great it's all booked, reference number is PVFA3YZ9
Awesome. I'd also like a taxi to take me between the two locations.|Okay, where would you be leaving from and at what time?
I will be leaving from The Broughton House Gallery.|Okay, at what time will you be leaving Broughton House Gallery?
I'm not sure which exact time will be best, but I definitely want to arrive to the restaurant in time for my reservation.|I booked you a taxi. The car is a red audi and the contact number is 07895191849.
great thanks thats all i needed!|I am happy that I was able to help.  Have a great day.
Yes could you please give me information on the attraction called Tenpin?|Yes it is an entertainment venue and it is located at cambridge leisure park, clifton way. Their telephone number is 08715501010. Is there anything else you would like to know?
Yes. Could you please give me the postcode and entrance fee?|The postcode is cb17dy and I am sorry but we do not have any information on the entrance fee. Can I help you with anything else?
Yes can you help me find a place to stay? I need a hotel that includes free wifi and has a star of 1.|There are none showing up under that criteria, shall I look at other options for you?
Yes please see if there are any other options.|There is a hotel with 0 stars called cityroomz and a hotel with 2 stars called ashley hotel. They both have free wifi. Do either of these interest you?
No, is there one with free parking and 4 star?|Huntington Marriot hotel, the Cambridge belfry and the university arms hotel all have a 4 star rating, free parking and also include wi-if. Can I book any of those for you today?
Yes, go ahead and book it for 2 nights on Thursday for 3 people.|Great! You're booked at the Huntingdon Marriott Hotel with reference number O18FI4L8. May I help with anything else?
No thank you, that is everything I needed.|Thank you and enjoy your stay!
I'm looking for entertainment attractions in the centre of town.|There doesn't seem to be anything matching your specifications.
What about park attractions?|I found the Cambridge University Botanic Gardens on Bateman Street.
What attractions are at the Botanic Gardens? Is there a cost associated with the Gardens?|Cambridge University Botanic Gardens cost 4 pounds, and is a park type attraction.
OK. Can I have the postcode?|The postcode is cb21jf. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
I am also looking for a train to go to Birmingham New Street and to leave after 21:30.  Can you book me a train that leaves on Saturday?|TR5413 leaves Cambridge at 22:01 and costs 60.08 pounds.  How many tickets do you need?
The amount of tickets today is not important I just want to make sure that I leave on Saturday and if I could get an arrival time please|Train TR5413 arrives at 24:44 OR 00:04 on Sunday. Would you like to book it now?
Yes, two tickets please.|Your booking has been successful! The total fee is 120.16 GBP and the reference number is OYUCGOSD. Do you need help with anything else?
That was all for today. Thank you very much and have a good evening.|You're welcome. Good-bye.
I am looking for a swimming pool here in Cambridge.|The Parkside Pool is located at Gonville Place. There number is 01223446100.
Thank you for the information.|Can I help you with anything else today?
Yes, please.  I need to find a train that leaves Birmingham New Street and arrives in Cambridge by 08:30.|There is a train daily that leaves at 05:40 and arrives at 08:23.  What day are you planning to travel?
I would like to travel on friday.|What time would you like to leave at?
I'm not very particular about departure time so any train that gets me to cambridge by 08:30 is fine|What day will you travel?
I will travel on friday.|Okay looks like the best bet for you is the 05:40 train from Birmingham that arrives in Cambridge on Friday at 08:23.
How long will it take to get to Cambridge? What is the fee?|The travel time is 163 minutes. The cost per ticket is 75.10 pounds.
And can you tell me the train ID for that 5:40 Train to Cambridge?|The train ID is TR3888. Is their anything else that you need?
That was all I needed, thanks.  Goodbye.|I am sorry, but did you need me to book that train for you?
I'm looking for some entertainment for later.|There are five entertainment attractions in town, two in the east, two in the south, and one in the west. Is there a particular area of town that you prefer?
Yes, I'd like to stay in the south part of town please.|There are two options: Nushua and Tenpin. Both are located at Cambridge Leisure Park on Clifton Way. Would you like the phone number for either of them?
Yes. Please tell me the one you like best and then how much that place costs to get in.|I would recommend the nusha. I do not know what the entrance fee is. You may call 01223902158 to check. Do you need anything else?
I also need a hotel in the Centre in the moderate price range with free parking.|I don't have any that match your criteria, I'm sorry.
Can you try looking in the south then?|There are two results, they are both gueshouses.There's aylesbray lodge guest house, 4 stars, and bridge guest house, 3 stars. Can I book one for you?
Yeah could you please book one of those for me?|When would you like to book the room and for how many nights and people?
I need a hotel for people for 3 nights starting Friday.|How many people will be staying?
It will be 4 people and 3 nights starting from Friday.|Your booking for the Aylesbray Lodge Guest House has been confirmed. Your reference number is 8GO1Q7PM. Can I help with anything else?
That is all, thank you.|welcome and thanks for using our services
Thank you! Have a great day!|You too, enjoy your stay in Cambridge.
I am looking for interesting places to go in the south part of town. Can you help me with that?|I absolutely can! What type of entertainment are you looking for. There are museums, cinemas, nightclubs, entertainment events, theatres, and parks.
should be in the type of architecture in the South part of town|Sorry, we don't have any architecture attractions in southern Cambridge. Can I help you with something different?
How about something with entertainment?|I suggest nusha, unit g6, cambridge leisure park, clifton road. Phone 01223902158, postcode cb17dy. I'm not sure if there is an entrance fee another one is tenpin phone 08715501010.
Where are some places to visit in the centre?|There are several museums would you like their info?
Yes that would be great all the info thanks.|I think you'd enjoy Byard art.
Is there an entrance fee? Please provide a phone number. Also I need a place to stay that has free wifi and parking. Can you suggest a decent place?|The entrance is free.  Is there anything else you would like to know?
Yes, I'm also looking for a place to stay with free wifi and free parking.|You asked for the byard art phone number which is 01223464646. Regarding lodgings, there are 29 meeting your requirements. What is your price range and preferred area, please?
I would like it to be in the centre, or near the attraction.  Also want it to be cheap.|I have two options in the centre of town.  One has 0 stars and the other has 4 stars. Would you be interested in booking either?
No I don't have a preference.  Would you recommend one or the other for me?|I would recommend Alexander bed and breakfast which if four stars.  Would you like me to book it for you?
Yes please start a booking there. 6 people will be staying.|What day would you like to start the reservation?
I will get there Thursday.|Okay, I have started your booking and now I just need to know how many days you plan to stay.
It will be 5 nights|You're all set. The reference number for this stay is GGT8F3N0.
Thanks so much! That was the last thing I needed taken care of. I feel ready for my trip now. Goodbye!|Thanks for contacting Cambridge TownInfo centre. Have a great day.
Can you tell me where the Cambridge Contemporary Art Gallery is located?|Yes, it is located at 6 Trinity Steet, postcode cb21su.  Do you need any more information?
What is the phone number?|The phone number is 01223324222.
what is their entry fee?|The entrance fee is free.
i also want a place to stay  which has a parking and has a star 4|I have 19 places that match that criteria. Is there any area of town you'd like to stay in?
I would like for it to include free parking. The area doesn't matter. What do you recommend?|Acorn guest house offers free parking. It's in north part of town and is moderately priced.
Okay thank you. Can I have the postcode and phone number?|Yes. The postcode is cb41da and the phone number is 01223353888.
I would like a taxi to commute between the two places.|I need to know depart place and destination, as well as what time?
Cambridge Contemporary Art Gallery to acorn leaving at 21.15|I was able to book a taxi for you, a yellow lexus. The contact number is 07618334504. May I help you with anything else?
Thank you. That is all I need.|You're welcome, let me know if I can assist with anything else.
Hello! Can you tell me about the Indian restaurants you have in the center of town?|Sure I have many. Do you have a preference in price range?
Yes, I'd like a cheap one.|In that price range, you have your choice of the Kohinoor, the Gandhi, and the Mahal of Cambridge.
Great can I book Kohinoor for 5 people at 14:30 on tuesday?|Yes success! I was able to reserve all of you a table and your reference number is UM8AZ1RH.
Great can you also direct me to a college to visit in the same area?|I'd recommend Emmanuel College in the centre of town.
Perfect.  What is the phone number, address and postcode for Emmanuel College?|Emmanuel College is on Saint Andrews Street. The postcode is cb23ap and the phone number is 01223334200. Is there anything else I can do for you?
Yes, I would like to book a taxi to the restaurant to arrive in time for my reservation.|I certainly can. Would you like to depart from Emmanuel College to go to kohinoor?
Yes, that's correct. I just want to arrive in time for my reservation.|Okay, I've booked a taxi for you. The car will be a yellow Tesla and the contact number is 07472812793. What else can I help you with?
Nope, you have been great!|Thank you for using our system!
Can you find specific attractions for people?|I can try.  What are you trying to find?
I am looking for people's portraits exhibition.|Yes, it's a lovely museum in the west at girton college, huntingdon road. Their phone number is 01223338901 and they offer free entrance. May I help with anything else?
can you give me the post code for it?|The post code is cb3ojg. May I help with anything else?
Yes, I would also like to find a restaurant called Golden House please.|They're located in the centre. Would you like a reservation?
Yes, how about a table for 8 on saturday. Try 19:30, if that doesn't work then try 18:30.|I was able to book you at 18:30 on Saturday. Reference number 3C5H16N9. Is there anything else I can help you with?
That is all, thank you.|Thank you very much! Have a great day
Hi, can you help me find a college to visit?|There are 18 colleges in town you could visit. To narrow down the results, is there a certain part of town you're interested in?
I'm fine going anywhere in town. Which one would you recommend?|Id recommend sidney sussex college in the centre of town
Okay, great. Can I have the phone number and address please?|Of course. The phone number is 01223338800 and the postcode is cb23hu. Can I help you with anything else?
I also want to eat at an expensive Indian place.|There are 14 entries that match what you are looking for. What area of town would you like to eat at?
Which restaurant do you recommend?|Again, there are quite a few. Did you have a part of town in mind?
It can be in any part of town. I am just looking for a restaurant that serves Indian food in an expensive price range. Perhaps you can suggest one?|Sure thing, I would suggest this one curry garden.
Great.  Can you reserve a table for six?|Sure thing, I will work on getting this booked and be right back with you.
In addition, I would like to book a taxi to commute between the two places.|No problem. What time do you need to arrive by?
make sure it arrives the restaurant by the booked time of the reservation.|Before we book your taxi, let's get your reservation for the restaurant. What day and time would you like your reservation for six?
Wednesday at 11:45 for the restaurant.|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.Reference number is : 5YS8WRTD.
Are you capable of emailing or faxing me the information for my own personal reference?|I am sorry we are unable to do that at this time
I am ready for the taxi now.|Your taxi is booked to have you at the restaurant by 11:45. The car is a red Volkswagen and their contact number is 07540260588. Anything else I can help with?
That is all, thank you|Thank you for calling our service. Have a great day. Goodbye.
I'm looking for information on a restaurant called mahal of cambridge.|It is a great Indian restaurant in the town centre.  It's also cheap, so that is a plus.
Can you book a table for 4 on Tuesday at 17:30 for me? Thanks!|Ok you are booked and reference number is VON7Z83E.
Thanks for handling that. One more thing. I want to explore town and see an attraction. I love theatre.|Is there a particular area you're looking for a theatre in?
Are there any near the restaurant by any chance?|Yes, the restaurant is called mahal of cambridge you are booked for 4. Your reference number is VON7Z838. Do you need anything else?
Hi, I'm traveling to Cambridge and I'm excited about tourist attractions.  I'm looking for theatres in the centre of town.|I have many. May I suggest either The Cambridge Arts Theater or Mumford Theater?
Mumford Theater sounds great. May I have their address and entrance fee, please?|Unfortunately I am unable to find information on the entrance fee but the address is  anglia ruskin enterprise, east road. Their phone number is 08451962320
Alright, thank you. I'm also looking for a particular hotel. It's called the Bridge Guest House, could you help me find it?|Sure. The Bridge Guest House is at 151 hills road. Did you need any other assistance?
Can I please get their phone number as well? That's all I'll need for the day.|The bridge guest house phone number is 01223247942. Can I help you with anything else?
No that's all I needed. Thank you!|You are very welcome, anytime.
I am looking for information in Cambridge|great, what would you like to know?
I would like to find a place with multiple sports in the centre of the city.|Unfortunately, the only multiple sports place I have is in the east. Is there something else you might be interested in?
How about a college instead?|There are quite a few. Some have entrance fees while other are free. Do you have a preference?
No, no preference. Which one do you recommend?|Christ's college is in the centre of town. Would you like some information on it?
Yes, may I have their address and entrance fee?|There is no entrance fee for christ's college and it's address is saint andrew's street.
Great. I also need a train for Thursday. Can you help with that?|Yes, but first I need more details about your trip.
I am leaving cambridge and would like to arrive at 18:00|the tr8272 leaves at 05:00
I need it to leave after 09:15 from London Liverpool Street. Can you find me a train and book it for 1 person?|TR0998 leaves at 09:39. I have booked it for you.
Reference number: JW1DTLPN.
Thank you, have a good day.|Thank you! I hope you have a wonderful trip! Goodbye.
I am planning a trip in Cambridge|Excellent! Do you need assistance with transportation arrangements?
No, but I do need some information on the Ruskin Gallery.|its address is 	anglia ruskin university, east road and it has a free entry
what is their postcode and phone number?|Their postcode is cb11pt and phone number is 0124549131
Thanks! I'm also looking for a train leaving on wednesday and arrive at 12:00|Can you please tell me your departure and destination locations?
I will leaving Norwich and going to Cambridge.|The TR1180 will leave Norwich for Cambridge Wednesday at 09:16 and arrive at 10:35. The cost of the train is 17.60 lbs.  Would you like me to book it?
Yes, Can you please tell me the travel time?|the trip is 79 minutes long
Thank you. Will the train provide any snacks or a meal?|I am sorry but we are not given that information in our systems, you will have to ask when you arrive.
Thank you so much!|you are so welcome
That is all I need today. thank you.|you are very welcome
Have a great day. Goodbye.|Thank you for contacting the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Goodbye.
I am looking for information about museums in Cambridge, please.|What area would you prefer? I have multiple venues for you.
I wanted to visit a museum in the centre of town.|There is the Broughton House Gallery if you are interested?
I sure am. Can you tell me what the Entrance fees are and the address and phone number?|The phone number is 01223314960. There is no entry fee and the address is 98 King Street. Is there anything else?
i also need a train that leaves after 08:00 on thursday departing from ely going to cambridge.|TR2029 is the earliest train. It will depart at 9:35. Would you be interested in booking this train?
Yes. Please book the train for 3 people.|OK, you have 3 tickets reserved on TR2029. Your reference number is GBHP4IM5. Can I help you with anything else?
That will be all, thank you!|You are welcome.  Have a nice stay in Cambridge.  Goodbye.
I'm looking for information on trains leaving Cambridge on Saturday|Okay. What is your destination?
I need to arrive in Norwich by 8:45|I have a train that arrives by 07:55. Would you like me to book that for you?
Not just yet.  What is the travel time?|The total travel time for TR0953 is 79 minutes and will cost 14.08 pounds per ticket. Would you like to reserve a seat?
I am not ready to book seats quite yet thank you.  I do need to find a place to visit while in town though.|What type of attraction are you looking for?
a college please|I'm sorry but there are no colleges in Norwich. Are there any other areas or type of place I can look up for you?
You misunderstood, I'm looking for a college to visit while I'm in Cambridge.|There are 18 colleges in Cambridge. What part of town would you like it to be in?
I don't have a certain part of town. Pick one that you recommend and I will need the area and entrance fee.|I have christ's college in the centre part of town. The entrance fee is free.
Cam you tell me more about the place?|The college is on saint andrew's street. Can I help you with anything else today?
No thank you, that will be everything.|Please contact us if you need further assistance during your visit.
Can you find a restaurant called Rajmahal.|Sure.  It's an Indian place in the east area of town.  What would you like to know about it?
That's all I need to know. Can you reserve me a table for 3 Saturday at 18:00?|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : 1XCDMW6O.
Great, thanks. I'm also interested in attending a theatre on the west side.|I'm afraid there aren't any theatres on the west side. most of our theatres are in the city centre. is there something else I can look up for you?
What entertainment choices are in the west?|sorry, i couldn't find anything in the west.
Ok are there any attractions in the west you recommend? I need a phone number for whatever you chose.|There are several museums in the area.  Would that interest you?
Yes, I love museums.|What side of town would you like to be on?
In the west if there are any there?|How about the Kettle's Yard, there phone # is 01223748100 and they are on Castle Street. Admission is free too. Does this work?
Yes I also need a taxi to arrive there by 18:00 from the theater.|Booking completed!
Booked car type	:	red ford
Contact number	:	07059574947
Thats everything I needed thanks for the help!|I'll be here any time.
i am looking for places to go in town. The attraction should be in the type of museum and should be in the west.|I love Kettle's Yard, located on Castle Street.  And admissions is free.
What is it address and how do i get there?|Address is Castle street. Do you need a taxi or bus?
I would prefer to take a taxi. Id like one to pick me up around 1 PM.|Okay. Where do you need to be picked up?
never mind, i don't need a taxi. i actually need a hotel.|anything in particular and when are you planning your stay?
I'm looking for Aylesbray Lodge Guest House.  I'll be staying on Wednesday.|Would you like me to book that for you?
Yes, please. Can you make a reservation for Wednesday for 2 people, 2 nights?|Your booking was successful. The reference number is RVQ25TEA. Can I help you with anything else today?
No, you have been most helpful. I look forward to visiting. Thank you so much.|You are very welcome!  Have a wonderful trip and enjoy!
I'm looking for information on the Leverton House hotel.|The Leverton House is a guesthouse located on the east side of Cambridge. What information are looking for?
Perfect. I would like to book it for 3 people for 4 nights starting on Friday.|I'm sorry.  I am unable to book your stay.  Could you arrive on another day or stay for a shorter amount of time?
Can you please check for 3 nights at the same hotel for 3 people and can I have the reference number?|They don't have a room available for 3 nights either. Anything else you'd like me to try?
I'm looking for places to go in the centre of town.|There are many attractions in the centre of town. Could you be more specific about what you're looking for?
I'd like to visit a museum if possible.|How about Cambridge Contemporary Art, on 6 Trinity St? Entrance is free.
Sure.  But I still need to book a hotel.  Is there anything else available?|I'm sorry, it doesn't look like the Leverton House will be able to accommodate you. How about Allenbell or Autumn House? They are in the same area and also inexpensive.
Can they accommodate 3 people for 4 nights?  Also, what are their phone numbers?|I'm sorry both of those hotels are booked solid. Would you consider slightly more expensive accommodations?
Can you try 3 nights instead?|Both of them are booked solid for the days you requested. Would you like a hotel in a moderate price?
Yes let's try a different hotel.|Great. I was finally able to get you into the Autumn House staring Friday for 3 nights and 3 people. your booking reference is  C5ARPTZ2.
Do you have the phone number for Autumn House's front desk?|Sure.  It's 01223575122.  Anything else?
I'm also going to need a taxi, please.|Sorry about the confusion earlier. I was able to book your room at Leverton House for Friday, 3 nights for 3 people. The reference number is U5B3PHWC.
Okay.  I'll need a taxi too.|I can help you with a taxi. Please tell me your departure and destination sites along with your time frame.
I want to leave the hotel by 22:00 to go to the Museum you mentioned.|A black skoda will pick up up at Leverton House at 22:00 and bring you to Cambridge Contemporary Art Museum.  The contact number is 07697068185.
Awesome. Thank you for everything!|It was my pleasure. Goodbye!
Hello, are there any fun places to go in the centre of town?|The Ballare nightclub is in the center of town. Would you like more information about this place or other suggestions?
Can you give me the address and postcode for that nightclub?|Of course, I can. The address and post code are heidelberg gardens, lion yard and cb23na. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I am all sent, thank you.|Excellent! Have a great day!
I am looking for information in Cambridge.|Are you looking for a certain type of attraction in cambridge?
I need a train going to Cambridge, departing from London Liverpool Street on Tuesday and would like to arrive by 12:45|The TR0088 departs at 9:39 and arrives at 11:07
I'd like to book for 6 people.|Alright!  That's taken care of and your reference number is ZM4QYUPU.  Is there anything else I can help you with?
Can you give me info on museums in town?|There are 23 musuems to choose from.
Do you have a favorite?  Pick one for me please.  I need the postcode.|The museum of classical archaeology is in post code cb39da. Is there anything else that I can help you with??
I would also like information for a restaurant near the museum.|Okay. Would you like to narrow it down by food type or price range?
I actually don't need anymore information, thank you.|Very well, we are here if you changed your mind, have a great day.
I would like to get information about some tourist attractions in Cambridge, especially those located in town.|We have many wonderful attractions in the area. Is there a specific type of attraction or area you are looking for perhaps?
I am looking for a nightclub in the centre and a phone number.|We have 5 nightclubs in the Centre. Would you like me to make a recommendation?
Yes, a suggestion would be very helpful along with the phone number so I can call them.|I would recommend the Ballare Club. Its phone number is 01223364222. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, I am also looking for a restaurant in the same area. I am looking for an expensive restaurant that serves Scandinavian food.|There are no Scandinavian restaurants in the centre with an expensive price range. Would you like to try a different type of food or price range?
What about Indian food?|I have 6 restaurants that meet your criteria. Would the Panahar work for you? It's at 8 Norfolk Street City Centre.
That sounds great. Please book it for 3 people on Thursday at 16:30|I was able to book a table at Panahar for 3 people on Thursday at 16:30. The reference number is 5SIQAVA
Thank you for your help!  I appreciate it!  Goodbye.|You're welcome. Have a great time!
I will be visting in North Cambridge and would like to spend sometime at the pool, are there any in the area?|We have two pools located in the north area.  Jesus Green Outdoor pool and Kings Hedges Learner pool.  Would you like any additional information on either of these options?
What is the phone number, address and fee for the Green Outdoor Pool?|The phone number is 01223302579 and post code cb43px. I do not have information about the entrance fee, you may want to call them directly.
What is the address?|It is between victoria road and the river.  Is there anything else that I can do for you?
Yes, I would like to book a train leaving from Broxbourne on Monday and arriving in Cambridge by 12:45.|The train closest to your requested arrival time is TR9199, leaving Broxbourne at 10:32, arriving Cambridge at 11:32. Would you like to book a ticket on this train?
If you could just tell me how much the tickets are that would be fine.|17.90 pounds, what else will you need me to help you with?
That was all the info I needed today, thank you!|You are welcome. Have a great day!
I'll be visiting Cambridge soon and would like some information on Hughes Hall.|It is a college located in the centre of town.
Can you give me the area, address, and entrance fee, please?|it is located in 	wollaston road,cb12ew. entry is free and is in the centre.
Perfect! I am also looking for a train to Kings Lynn leaving after 10:00|I have 98 trains to kings lynn leaving after 10:00. Do you have a more specific time frame?
i'm leaving on a tuesday|TR7548 leaves for Kings Lynn at 10:11 and arrives by 10:58. Will that work for you?
Yes. Can you book 7 tickets please?|Booking was successful, the total fee is 68.6 GBP payable at the station .
Reference number is : RWVC9XY8.
Thank you!|is there anything else i can help with ?
No. Thanks for all your help. Bye!|Thank you for using this service goodbye
I wanted to go swimming later on today. I need some help finding a pool.|Do you have a location preference?
Yes, I would prefer it to be in the west.|I'm sorry.  There are no swimming pools listed in that area.
Ah okay. How about colleges? Are there any of those in the area?|Yes there are 5 colleges in the area.  Do you have one in mind?
Please recommend a good one to me in that area. I need the address and phone number for it as well please.|I suggest magdalene college. It's on magdalene street and phone number is 01223332138
thanks, i'm also looking to stay at a guesthouse.|There are quite a few guesthouses, If you want to stay in the west Finches B&B is an inexpensive choice in that area. Would you like to book it?
Yes please book that for 1 person for 4 nights starting friday.|There are no available bookings currently. Would you like me to book something else?
Please choose another inexpensive guesthouse in the same area.|I'm sorry but it looks like there are no hotels/ guesthouses matching that criteria in the West. Do you have another area in mind?
Okay, maybe I should begin again. I am looking for a guesthouse in the north. Are there any available?|Yes, there are 11 guesthouses in the north. All but 1, have a moderate price range. One has a cheap range. Most have free internet and free parking.
is there one with a star or 4 among them?|Kirkwood House has a moderate rate with 4 stars if you are interested. Shall I book it for you?
Yes please just my lonely little self for 4 night starting on Friday.|All set, the reference number is 17W8F55L, any other questions?
No, that is all.  You have been very helpful.  Thanks so much.  Bye.|Have a nice day.
I would like a nice place to dine in the south area.|Frankie and Bennys is a wonderful Italian restaurant in the south. It's expensive, but worth it. Homemade pasta and everything!
Can I please have their postcode and phone number?|Frankie and bennys is in postcode cb17dy and their phone number is 01223412430.  Can I help you with anything else today?
Yes, could you help me find a nice museum to visit.|There's the byard art museum.  It's in the same area and is free.
Thanks, what's their phone number and address?|They are located at 14 King's Parade. You can reach them at 01223464646. Anything else I can help with?
Thanks so much! Have a great day. Goodbye.|You're very welcome! Bye!
Can you tell me anything about cafe jello gallery?|Yes, the Cafe Jello Gallery is a museum located at 13 magdalene street in the west side of town. Would you also like their phone number?
Yes I would.|The phone number is 01223312112. Do you need the postcode?
No, but I am looking for a train from Ely on Thursday.|There are 10 trains that day. Is there a particular time you'd like to leave or arrive?
i would like to arrive after 2:00 in the afternoon.|We have the TR0813 that arrives at 11:52 on thursday. Does that work?
I think that could work please make a booking for 6 people|Booking was successful! Your reference number is GXIE5O8F. You have to pay 26.4 GBP at the station.
Thank you very much that is all I needed. Have a good day.|You're welcome, and you have a nice day as well!
I need some information about Churchill College.|Churchill college is in the west area, the address is storey's way and has free entrance. Would you like the phone number also?
Yes, that would be great. Can you also give me the postcode as well?|The postcode on that attraction is cb30ds. Do you need further help with anything today?
I would like to find and Italian restaurant in the Centre of town.|There are a number of them.  Did you have a price range in mind?
I'm thinking the expensive price range.|There are 4 restaurants that are in the expensive range, Caffe Uno comes highly recommended.  Shall I book a table?
Yes please.  There are 6 of us.  Make it for 17:00 on Thursday.|Your reservation for a table of 6 at Caffe Uno this thursday at 17:00 was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Your Reference number is : BZ87Z5CS.
Can you hemp book a taxi, too?|I would be happy to assist you with booking a taxi. What are your departure and destination points?
I would like to leave churchill college and get to caffe uno by 17:00|I've booked your taxi, you'll be riding in a white bmw and their phone number is 07823215445. What else can I help you with?
No, thank you. That's everything I need today. Goodbye.|enjoy your stay in Cambridge!
Hello, I'm looking for an museum.|I am showing a listing of 23 different museums in various areas of cambridge.  Do you have a specific area you would like to visit?
Any area is fine. Do you have a favorite? Maybe we can check that one out. Which one do you like?|Broughton house gallery was great the last time I was there and I think you'll enjoy it as well. It even has no entrance fee.
Awesome, can I get the phone number, postcode and area for that?|The Broughton House Gallerty is in Centre.  The phone number is 01223314960, and the postcode is CB11LN.
Thank you, I am also looking for a hotel on the north side.|There are 5 hotels on the North side. Are there any specific accommodations you were looking for?
I like a guesthouse in the moderate price range.|acorn guest house	would be nice for you
What are the prices like there?|Acorn Guest House is a moderately priced hotel.  They provide internet and parking. Would you like to book something?
Could you give me the postcode, phone number and star rating of the guesthouse?|Sure, it is a 4 star guesthouse located at 154 Chesterton Road.  The postcode is cb41da and you can call them at 01223353888.  Is there anything else you need?
Yes, a taxi, I want to leave the attraction and go to the hotel by 22:00|You're booked in a black Audi, contact number 07701261182. Can I help you with anything else today?
thats all I needed, thanks|Thank you for contacting Cambridge TownInfo centre. Goodbye!
I can't wait to see some local attractions when I visit. I am looking for a convenient place to stay while I'm there.|Sure, I can help you with that.  Were you looking for a particular area to stay?
hotel should be in the moderate and in centre of town|Cityroomz is the only moderately priced hotel in the centre of town, would you like more information about it?
Yes, I'd like the phone number and postcode, please.|Their phone number is 01223304050 and their postcode is cb12tz. Do you need help with anything else?
I'm looking for an attraction called clare college.|Clare College is in the west part of town. It is located on Trinity Lane. Their entrance fee is 2.50 pounds. The postcode is cb21tl.
Perfect, thank you. That's all I need for today.|Happy to be of service. Thanks for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre, and have a great day!
I like to play sports. Are there any facilities for that in the centre section?|There are not. Is there another area you'd like to try?
in the centre and should be in the type of mutliple sports.|Sorry I am not finding anything like that, something else perhaps?
How about at a college?|There you're in luck. We have quite a lot of colleges open to visitors, and most are free to visit.
You know, actually I just remembered a place someone told me about. It's called Pembroke College. Is that in the centre area?|Yes it is in the centre, it is located on trumpington street. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
the centre and should be in the type of mutliple sport|There is nothing which matches you search in that area.
Ok, well what about a college in the centre instead?|In addition to Pembroke College that we mentioned earlier, there's Christ's College, Downing College, Jesus College, Sidney Sussex College, and others. Do any of those sound appealing?
What is the phone number for Downing?|The phone number is 01223334860. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, I am looking for a moderately priced traditional restaurant in the same area as the college.|I have many. What type of food are you looking for?
I said, traditional food please.|No matching records have been found for that criteria, can I help you with something else?
What about one with European cuisine?|I have four places. Would you like to know more about them?
You could make a recommendation please.|I recommend riverside brasserie at the center of town. Their phone number is 01223259988
Great, can you please book a table for 1 on Friday at 13:15? Can I please have the reference number?|Reference number is : IJHH4L8N.
Thank you very much. that is all for now.|you are welcome
thank you and goodbye|You will have a great day in town. Thank you for using Cambridge TownInfo centre. Goodbye.
i am looking for a place to stay. The hotel should be in the type of hotel and should have a star of 4.|You have three options: The Cambridge Belfry, which is inexpensive, the Huntingdon Marriott, which is expensive, both in the west, or University Arms, an expensive hotel in the centre.
do any of them have free wifi ?|All three of them offer both free parking and free wifi. Did you prefer the west or centre?
I really don't care you choose|I recommend the University Arms Hotel, on Regent Street in the city centre.  Would you like me to book it for you?
Could I have the  area and postcode.|As I said, Univeristy Arms Hotel is in the centre. It's postcode is cb21ad. Would you like a room?
No thanks. I do need the area and address of Ballare please, minus the attitude.|My apologies. The Ballare is at heidelberg garders, lion yard cb23na. Their phone number is 01223364222
That should be all I need. Thank you for your help.|We hope you have a pleasant stay!
I would like to visit a college in the centre of town.|There are 13 colleges in the center, but I would recommend christ's college. It's at saint andrew's street, postcode cb23bu, phone number 01223334900, and the entrance fee is free!
Thank you very much for your help.|Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
Yes, can you help me locate a guesthouse that stay in that is also in the centre of town?|I have two, in the cheap range. Are there any other criteria you would like me to narrow it by?
Yeah, I'd like someplace with free wifi, please.|I have found 2 guesthouses that are in the cheap range. One has 0 stars and the other has 4 stars. Would you like for me to reserve one for you?
I need the postcode too.|The Alexander Bed and Breakfast has a postcode of cb12de. El Shaddai guesthouse has a postcode of cb11eg. Anything else I can provide?
I also need to take a taxi between the college and the guesthouse. Can you help me with that?|When do you wan to leave or arrive by?
I want to leave christ's college by 6:30.|Alright, I've got you booked in a blue Volkswagen.
Can you tell me the contact number for the taxi please?|The number is 07841875956, is that all you need?
Yes it is, thank you for your help.|Thank you for using our service. Have a good day. Goodbye.
Hi! I am so excited to be traveling to Cambridge. Would you please help me look for a place to eat while I am there?|There are 100 restaurants in Cambridge! Do you have a food type preference?
Yes I am looking for an expensive restaurant that serves modern european food in the centre.|Darry's Cookhouse and Wine Shop meets all of these requirements. Would you like me to reserve a table?
No, but can you give me the phone number and address including postcode please?|Yes certainly. The address is 40270 King Street City Centre, postcode cb11ln. Their telephone number is 01223505015.
Also, I am looking for a multiple sport attraction in the same area.  Can you help?|We don't have any sports attractions in this area.  Is there another area I can help you with?
No. Hmm. What about a concerthall?|The Man on the Moon is a concerthall in central Cambridge. It is located at 2 norfolk street, postcode cb12lf. Is there anything else I can do for you?
Can you get me the phone number please?|Certainly, The Man on the Moon's phone number is 01223474144. Do you need information about anything else?
I would also like the address and postcode for The man on the Moon concert hall.|The man on the moon is located at 2 norfolk street, postcode cb12lf. Do you need the phone number as well?
Yes I will need the phone number please.|The phone number for The Man on The Moon is, 01223474144. Is there anything else I can do for you?
No I do not need any more info Thanks|If you need anything else, please contact us. Have a good day.
I want some advice on places to go.|What area of town would you be in?
I don't have a preference.|How about the vue cinema located in the centre of town?
That sounds great. Can I get the postcode, entrance fee, and phone number?|I'm uncertain about the entrance fee. The postcode is cb11ps and the phone number is 08712240240. anything else today?
Yes, I would like to find a  mediterranean  restaurant in the cheap price range.|the gardenia should meet your needs.
Great, can you give me the phone number?|Their phone number is 01223356354. Do you need anything else?
And what area are they located?|The Gardenia is in the centre of town.
Ok, thank you, that's all the information I need right now.|i am happy i have been of help. welcome any time.
I'm looking for museums to visit in town. What are my options?|There are 23 museums in the city. Do you have a particular area of town that you're interested in?
I have no idea. Could you suggest one that sounds interesting?|I recommend the Museum of Archaeology and Anthropology in the centre of town.  How does that sound?
Can I get the phone number and address please. I also need a hotel with free parking.|The phone number is 01223333516 and the address is university of cambridge, downing street. In what area would you like the hotel to be in?
Near the museum if possible. I'm looking for a guesthouse with free parking.|I found the Alexander Bed and Breakfast that meets your requirements. Would you like me to book your stay?
No, I'm not ready to book quite yet.  Thanks for your help.  Bye.|You're welcome and I hope you enjoy your museum visit.
I'm looking for a restaurant in the South, I'd like to have indian food.|taj tandoori is indian food located in the south. Want to book it?
Yes please for two people.|What day and time would you like that table?
Actually, I don't need to book it. Can I get the address, postcode and phone number instead?  And to make sure, this is a very expensive restaurant?|64 Cherry Hinton Road Cherry Hinton 01223412299 cb17aa there you go.
Need a place to go that is a theater near the restaurant.|The Junction Theatre is also in the south.  Would you like the address and phone number?
Actually, can I get their postcode and their entrance fee please?|i'm not sure about the entrance fee but the postcode is cb17gx
Thank you! Can you please book me a taxi from the theatre to the restaurant, leaving the theatre at 16:30?|Your taxi was successfully booked. A black volvo car will pick you up at 1630 from the Junction Theatre and take you to the Taj Tandoori restaurant.
Hi, I'm trying to find a hotel to stay at. Can you help with that?|I would be happy to help.  Do you have a preference for the part of town the hotel is in?
Yes, I would like to stay in the west.|Do you prefer a guesthouse or a hotel?
I would like a hotel.|There are two in that area. Huntington Marriott Hotel and The Cambridge Belfry. Do you have a price range in mind?
Once you find the hotel you want to book it for 7 people and 3 nights starting from wednesday|I have successfully booked you at Huntington Marriott Hotel. Reference number is G1WB5WLO. Do you need anything else?
Thank you for the booking. I also want to visit an attraction in the east, something fun involving a boat.|I have camboats in the East whose address is the plough, green end, fen ditton. Can I help you with anything else?
Would you also give me the postcode and entrance fee, please?|ok the postcode is 567438 and the entrance fee is $20
Hi, I am interested in finding a place to dine on the west side of town.|I have found results for 14 restaurants in the west.  Are you looking for a particular type of cuisine or price range?
I'd like it to be expensive british food. Any suggestions?|The Graffitti and the Travellers Rest both match your criteria. Would you like to book at table at one of these?
Yes, a table for 8 people on saturday at 18:15. Please provide a reference number, thank you!|You'll find a table waiting for your party at the Travellers' Rest. Your reference number is 00SSYQH4.
Thanks! I'm also looking to visit a museum in town.|I have many. What part of town and type of museum do you prefer?
I do not care about what type of museum or where it is at. What is your recommendation?|Broughton House Gallery. Phone number is 01223314960. Located at 98 king street postal code cb11In. Entrance fee is free.
Thank you so much for choosing for me - really took the stress out of this trip! I think that's all I need.|You're welcome. Enjoy your trip. Goodbye.
I am looking for a restaurant called Panahar.|Panahar is an expensive Indian restaurant located at 8 Norfolk Street City Centre, cb12lf. Their phone number is 01223355012. Would you like to book a table?
Yes, for 5 at 11:00 on thursday|I have booked your reservation for 5 on thursday at 11:00. Your reference number is 2UOIVX5L. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Thanks so much. Let me double check my list.|Perhaps I could help you find an attraction to visit while you're in town?
That would be great. I'm looking for a place to go in the centre. A college would be nice.|we have several 3 in the west and 2 in the centre of town, any preference?
I don't have a specific college in mind, do you mind giving me your recommendation? Which one do you think is the most beautiful?|Corpus Christi in the centre is quite beautiful, in my opinion.
Great, could I get the address there?|Sure, their address is king's parade. Do you need anything else?
I also need a taxi to take me between the two places.|You taxi is booked. Look for a black lexus, contact number is 07439355567. Can I help with anything else?
I believe that is all for today. I really appreciate all your help. Have a great day. goodbye|excellent, have a great day!
I'm looking for museums that I can go in town.|There are 23 different museums in town, did you have a particular area you were looking at?
I don't have one specifically in mind but could you tell me your opinion on what would be a good area?|How about the Cafe Jello Gallery and it's free admission!
Which area of town is that in?|The Cafe Jello Gallery is on the west side of town. Would you like their address?
Sure, please give me the address.  Could you also help me find a train leaving Saturday?|Cafe Jello Gallery is located at 13 Magdalene Street. Yes, what time are you leaving? Also what destination, and departure point?
I am departing from birmingham new street and arriving at cambridge. May I have the travel time and train ID?|There are 19 trains that meet your criteria. Do you prefer a certain departure time?
Yes. I would like to leave after 14:15.|Ok, there are 10 different trains that fit that criteria, what time would you like to arrive by?
As long as it leaves on Saturday after 14:15, that's all that matters. Please give me travel time and train id.|TR1843 leaves at 14:40 and the travel time is 163 minutes. Would you like to book?
I need to think about it for a bit. Thank you for your help though. I think I'm all set.|Awesome. Come back if you have any questions!
Can you give me some information on trinity college please?|Sure thing! Trinity College is located on Trinity Street in Centre with a postcode of cb21tq.  Would you like more information today?
Great! Thanks!  Is that just a college or is there any other type of attraction there?|I'm not sure. Would you like me to give you the phone number? They might have more information on that.
Yes, can you please get that for me. Thank you|The phone number for Trinity College is 01223338400. Can I help you with anything else?
I also need a train to Ely.|Where will you travel from?
I am leaving from Cambridge and will be traveling Wednesday.|Can you tell me what time you want to leave or arrive by?
I need to be there by 11:15.|Okay! How about the 9:50 train? That's the latest one, and it arrives at 10:07.
That sounds good. What's the travel time and price for that one?|only 17 mins and 4.4 GBP payable at the station
Thank you so much. That's all I need today.|Thank you for using our services. Have we met all of your needs today?
Yes, again. That is all I need. Thanks.|Thank you for calling Cambridge TownInfo centre! It's been a pleasure to help you explore our city today!
Hello, I'm looking for a train to Cambridge on Friday please.|I'd be happy to help. Where are you departing from?
I will be departing from stansted airport going to cambridge on friday and it needs to arrive by 16:00|Train TR2958 arrives in Cambridge at 15:52, does that work for you?
Yes, that would be fine. What's the price and departure time?|It will cost 10.10 pounds per ticket and leaves at 15:24.
Thanks! Can you also tell me about colleges in the east?|There aren't any colleges in the east. Can I give you information about colleges in another area?
how about one that is in the type of museum?|Sure! I recommend Cambridge Artworks. Would you like their information?
postcode and entrance fee only thanks !|Okay, sure.  Great news, the entrance fee is free and the postal code is cb13ef.  Anything else I can help you with today?
I don't think so. I am off to work but thanks so much for your help. Goodbye.|Thanks for stopping by!
I am planning a trip to cambridge and would like a place to go in the centre area.|Do you have a particular attraction type in mind? There are colleges, cinemas, museums, nightclubs and more. Do any of those interest you?
I think a nightclub would be interesting. Do you have a favorite?|I would recommend the soul tree nightclub in the centre of town.
Okay, great. Do you have a phone number for the nightclub?|The phone number is 01223477900. Can I help with anything else?
I'm thinking about grabbing a bite to eat. Can you tell me about a moderately priced restaurant in the centre of town?|Sure what type of cuisine are you looking for?
I think Indian food sounds good, please provide me with their phone number.|It looks like there aren't any moderately priced Indian places in the centre.  Can I check another section of town, perhaps?
Same area is fine, any type of place will work, Ill go with what you recommend.|There is none in that area,would you like to try something else
Sure, any kind of food that is moderately priced and in the same area would be great.|I'm sorry it took so long for me to figure out what you meant. I'd recommend the Yippee Noodle Bar, would you like me to book it for you?
I just want their phone number please|Their number is 01223518111.
Thank  you, can you help me book a taxi from the restaurant at 18:45?|Sure, what will your destination be?
I need to go to the soul tree nightclub.|Your booking is completed, a blue toyota will be picking you up.
What is the contact number?|I apologize, the contact number is 07415118557, can I help with anything else?
That is all, thank you, have a great weekend.|You too! Enjoy your time with us here in Cambridge!
Are there any colleges in the west.|What about christ's college? It has free admission.
can I have the address, phone number, and entrance fee please ?|It's located at saint andrew's street, 01223334900 is their phone number and the entrance is free as I said.
I am also interested in a restaurant in the same area|Do you have a cuisine or price range preference?
I want to eat some traditional food, I'm on a budget so it needs to be cheap!|Sorry, there is no match, do you have any other location preference?
How about trying Italian food?|La Margherita meets your criteria. Would you like to book a table?
Yeah, could I book a table for 3 on Saturday at 11:45?|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Reference number is : 9C381LJE.
Thank you for your help!|Can I help you with anything else today?
No, I think that is all for today. You have been great. Thank you for your help.|Thank you for using our service today!
I am looking for an attraction to try out in the west part of town, what is available?|I have 13 attractions on the west and i can assist you make a choice if i know your interest and budget?
You can just choose one for me-I have no preference, I'll just need to know the entrance fee please.|You might enjoy the Museum of Classical Archaelogy. It has free admission.
Sounds great. Thank you! Also, can you give me some information on a restaurant called Kohinoor?|The Kohinoor serves Indian cuisine.  It is located in the town centre and has reasonably priced food.
Does reasonably mean cheap?|Yes, reasonable means adforable
No, what I meant was is it the cheap, moderate, or expensive price range specifically?|It is cheap. If you would like I could search for another more expensive Indian restaurant for you.
No thanks, Kohinoor sounds fine. Thanks for the research. Goodbye.|It's my pleasure.  Have a nice day.
I am looking for a place called abbey pool? Is there one in cambridge?|Yes, I have a listing for that. What information would you like?
Could you provide me the phone number, postcode, and entrance fee?|Unfortunately, I do not have the entrance fee for them, but you can reach them at 01223902088 to get that info. Their postcode is cb58nt. Is there anything else?
Yes, I also need a hotel on the west side.|I found two, huntingdon marriot hotel and the cambridge belfry. Do you have a preference?
I definitely want a 4-star place with free parking. Which of those meets that criteria?|Yes, they both meet your criteria. Which one do you prefer?
I think the huntingdon marriot hotel. Could I get the passcode?|Just to clarify, were you wanting the postcode. If so, the postcode is pe296fl. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Yes, one more thing. I will need a taxi to pick me up from the abbey pool and astroturf pitch at 20:00 and take me to the hotel.|A white ford will be picking you up at Abbey Pool at 20:00. The contact number is 07835847552. Can I help you with anything else?
No, that is everything. Thank you for your assistance!|You are welcome.  Enjoy your stay in Cambridge.  Bye.
i am looking for the gonville hotel|it is an expensive hotel in the centre. can i give you their contact?
Actually, I am ready to book. Can you book the Gonville Hotel for 3 people for 5 nights, starting Thursday?|Booking was successful. Your reference number is ZP33SYC4. Will that be all?
I would also like to find a boat attraction.|There are four. One in the east, one in the north, and two in the centre. Which would you prefer?
I'm actually looking for something in the South. If there are no boat attractions there can you find me a nightclub?|There is one nightclub, The Place, would you like their information?
Please provide the entrance fee and phone number for me|The entrance fee is unknown.
Ok if you read carefully, I also asked for the phone number please.|The phone number is 01223324600. Perhaps they can inform you how much the entrance fee is.
Thank you goodbye|Contact us anytime. Good bye.
I am looking for a museum to visit.|There are many museums in town.  Do you have a preference in area?
No, what can you recommend?|Do you like modern art? Cambridge Contemporary Art is great, and admission is free.
Well, the price is great. What is there postcode?|Their postcode is cb21su. Is there anything else you need help with today?
No, you have been very helpful. Thank you.|You're welcome. Have a great time!
I'm looking for information called scott polar museum.|The scott polar museum is located in the centre area of town and is free. Would you like anymore information?
Yes, could I get the address please?|it is located on lensfield road
Thanks I also need a train that goes to broxbourne.|And what day and time would you like to travel?
I would like to leave Cambridge on Monday, after 18:00 please|TR6516 departs at 18.01 the price is 17.90 pounds. Is there anything else?
No.  Thanks. That is all.|Have a good visit.
I am hoping to try some restaurants while in town but before that, I would like to go to a park.|We have several, in several different parts of town. I can recommend Wandlebury Country Park in the south. Would that suit you?
Yes, I think so. Let's try that. Can you tell me their address please?|The address is wandlebury ring, gog magog hills, babraham.
Is there an entrance fee? I would also like a restaurant serving Indian food that is in the west. What can you recommend?|The park is free. There are several Indian places on the Westside. Do you have a price range you're looking for? Otherwise I'd suggest Tandoori Palace.
No, Tandoori Palace sounds good.  Please book that for 3 people at 15:15 on Saturday.|I was able to book you a table for 3 at Tandoori Place on Saturday at 15:15.  Can I help you more today?
Can I have the reference number please?|The reference number is RGA0Z1UO. Can I help with anything else today? Perhaps a taxi?
Yes I need a taxi between the two places please.|Sure! when would you like to leave or arrive by?
I need it to get me to the Tandoori Palace in time for my reservation. So 15:15?|I was able to book that taxi for you. Be looking for a blue Tesla. If you need to reach them, please call 07337861818. Anything else I can help with?
Nothing else. Thank you so much for your help. Goodbye.|You're welcome. Have a nice day.
I am looking for a place to dine that is in the expensive price range.|I can go ahead and help you with that. Are you looking for a particular type of food?
I am in the mood for Lebanese food.|Okay, would you like to try any specific type of food?
Let's go with lebanese.|I have no listings for lebanese food in the expensive price range. Would you like to try something else?
Can you list places for french food?|Restaurant two two is a french restaurant in the north part of the city and cote is in the centre of the city. Do either of those sound good?
Cote sounds good. What is the address?|The address for Cote is Bridge Street City Centre. Would you like me to reserve you a table?
Yup book it thanks!  Can you recommend a place to go nearby as well?  thank you|How many people should I book for the restaurant?
Nope, don't book it!  Please give me the address instead.|Sure, the address is Bridge Street City Centre. What else can I help with?
Yes.  I need to a place to go.  I'm thinking it would be convenient if it was in the same area as the restaurant.|You have a particular type of attraction in mind?
Nothing in particular what would you recomend and what are the  entrance fees?|All saints church and Holy trinity church are nice places if you are into architecture. They both have free entrance. Do one of these interest you?
Yes, I would also need a taxi to go between the two places.|What time would you like to travel?
I want to leave the attraction by 11:45.|Booking completed!
Booked car type	:	red honda
Contact number	:	07362331493
Thank you. Have a great day!|Thanks, you too!
Please click on end of dialogue.|Oops. Sorry about that.
I heard cityroomz is a good hotel.  Can you give me some information on this hotel?|It is located in he centre of town and is priced in the moderate range.
Can you book it for me|Yes I can. What day will you be arriving and departing? And how many people will be staying?
I would like to book for six people and for three nights starting on Monday.|I have you booked for 3 nights starting Monday at CityRoomz.  Your reference number is Z629WKMU.  Is there anything else I could help you with today?
Sure, I'm looking for places to go in town, something in the east. Can you help?|I have that here. What would you like to know?
Can you give me the address, attraction type, and entrance fee please?|How about the abbey pool and astroturf pitch located at pool way, whitehill road, off newmarket road.
That sounds great. What is the entrance fee?|I am sorry but there is no information on the entrance fee.
Okay. Can you help me book a taxi to get there?|I certainly can help you with that. What time would you like to leave or arrive by?
I need to leave by astroturf pitch by 09:30.|Good news, a taxi is booked, this is a white Volkswagen. The phone number is 07766913165.
Great! Thank you. That's all I need for today. I appreciate your help.|Any time! Enjoy your trip!
I am looking for a train departing from stansted airport.|There are 133 trains departing from that location. What destination would you like to travel to?
I want to leave on monday after 21:45 and arrive in cambridge.|We have the TR7956 arriving in Cambridge on Monday at 22:52. Does that fit into your schedule?
Yes. Can you please book that for 5 people and provide my reference number for me?|Booking was successful, the total fee is 50.5 GBP payable at the station .
Reference number is : 6UVY4MBA.  Is there anything else I can help with today?
Can you tell me what types of entertainment are in the centre area?|There are no entertainment attractions located in the centre of town.
What about nightclubs?|Certainly, We have 5 nightclubs in the centre area, there is ballare, , kambar, soul tree nightclub, and the fez club.
How about Soul Tree Nightclub? Could you send me the entrance fee and address?|The entrance fee is 4 pounds. The address is 1-6 corn exchange street. Can I help you with anything else?
What time does it open its doors?|I'm sorry, but I don't have that information in my database. Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
No, thank you. I am all set.|Great! Thank you for using Cambridge TownInfo! Goodbye!
Hi, I've just started planning a trip and the train system is so confusing, can you help me?|Absolutely.  Where will you be departing from?
Stansted Airport. And I'm headed to Cambridge.|What day will you travel on?
I'll be travelling on Monday.|At what time do you want to leave ?
anytime after 13:00|We have one on Monday at 5:24,would you like me to book it for you ?
I don't need it booked, just please forward me the train ID and arrival time.|The trainID is TR4096 for the train departing the stansted airport and going to Cambridge on Monday.  It will arrive at 17:52.
We would like to attend an event at the theatre while we are in town.|That sounds like fun. I've found five theaters in town. Four of them in the center of town, one to the south. Do you have any other criteria?
Nope, choose the one you think is best and let me know the postcode please.|The adc theatre is very good would you like that one?
That sounds great! Can I get the postcode? And then I need to find a train.|The postcode is cb58as. What day and time will you be travelling on?
I am going to stevenage on thursday.|Where will you be leaving from?
I will be leaving from Cambridge.|What time would you like to arrive by?
I would like to leave after 10:30.|TR7024 is the first train after 10:30 it leaves after 11:21, would you like me to book you?
That's fine I need 4 tix and the ref #|I will get that for you
Hello, I'm looking for places to go in the city centre.|There are 44 different attractions in city centre. Is there any particular type that you would want to visit?
Any type is fine.|Holy Trinity Church is a free architecture attraction. Their number is 01223355397 and they're located at Market Street.
Great!  I'm also looking for a train that'll leave Thursday from Cambridge.|I have one that leaves at 05:00 on Thursday. Is that time alright for you?
Well, I need to get to Peterborough, and I need to arrive by 12:15. What are my options?|TR5159 will depart cambridge at 11:06 on Thursday, arriving in peterborough at 11:56. Will that work?
Yes and please make the reservation for 8 and then send me the reference number.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 132 GBP payable at the station. Your reference number is 0C232D2C. Is there anything else I can help with?
That is everything I needed. Thanks for your help!|We are happy to help, thank you for using our services. Have a wonderful day.
I am in need of some entertainment. Can you recommend anything?|all saints church is pretty popular for architecture lovers.
Where is this located?|It is located on jesus lane in the city center.
Is it located in the centre? If none exists, could you find one that is a type of concerthall?|Yes, All Saints Church is located in the central area. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, what is the phone number and postcode for All Saints Church?|The phone number is 01223452587 and the postcode is cb58bs.
Is All Saint Church an entertainment attraction? I'm also looking for a place to dine in the centre that serves eastern european food in the moderate price range.|There are no eastern european restaurants in the centre. Perhaps you would like chinese instead?
Well, I guess I would like to try turkish food if you have that.|I have 3 great places that serve turkish food in the centre of town. I have 2 that are moderately priced and 1 that is expensive. Do you have a preference?
I need it on Friday, for 6, at 12:15.|I would happily book the restaurant but I need you to respond to my previous inquiry about your price preference
I would prefer moderately priced. What are the two options I have?|The two options are Anatolia and Efes Restaurant. Do you have a preference?
Anatolia sounds good. Please book it for 6 people on Friday at 12:15|The Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : 71YJN5ID.
I also need a taxi to commute between the locations.|No, it is an architectural attraction. Would you like me to look for a concert hall for you?
I actually want entertainment type of place.|How about cherry hinton hall and grounds?
Sounds great, I'd like a taxi to go between the two that arrives at the restaurant by the booked time.|Booking completed! Your contact number is 07835118695 and the car type is a black audi. Can I help you with anything else?
I think that should do it. Thanks for your help today!|You are very welcome. Have a good evening. Goodbye.
I'm looking for some entertainment in the centre, is there anything interesting to see there?|There are tons of things to see in the centre, you'll have a blast. What kind of attraction were you thinking?
I was thinking something in entertainment, but if that is not available I would like to know where the swimming pools are.|Nothing in the terms of entertainment but there is a swimmingpool. It is called Parkside Pools.
that is fine. get me the phone number and address|The phone number is 01223446100. The address is gonville place. Do you need anything else?
I'm also looking for information on a restaurant called rice boat.|Rice Boat is an expensive Indian restaurant on the west side. Their location is 37 Newnham Road, Newnham. Would you like to book a table there?
Yes, please. Can you reserve a table for Saturday for 5 people at 13:45? Thanks.|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Can I have the reference number for the booking?|Yes I will get you that number,one moment please
I want to find Kettle's Yard located in Cambridge.|it is located in castle street and got free entrance. can i give you the contacts?
Yes I would like all the contact info please.|Their number is 01223748100 .They are located on Castle Street and their postcode is  cb30aq
What is the entrance fee for Kettle's Yard?|There is no entry fee.
I also need a place to stay that is a hotel and includes free parking and has a rating of 2.|What side of town would you like to be on?
The area doesn't matter. What would you recommend?|I have 3. The 2 in the north are moderate priced and the one in the east is expensive. Would you like me to book one for you?
Can you give me the phone numbers for them?|Okay, the number for Ashley Hotel is 01223350059. The number for Express by Holiday Inn Cambridge is 01223866800, and the number for Lovell Lodge is 01223425478.
Okay thanks.  That was all I needed to know for now.|thank you and enjoy your stay!
I am wanting to visit a college while I am traveling in town. Do you have any listings?|There are 18 colleges that you can visit. Is there a particular part of town that you are interested in?
I have no preference for the area, would you recommend one for me? I would also need the postcode and entrance fee please.|Christ's college is located in the centre of town at listed postcode cb23bu. The entrance fee is free. Would you like more information?
No thanks, but I do need a place to stay. Could you find me something with free parking?|There are five places with parking, is there a specific price range you would like to look for?
no nothing specific, but the cheaper the better|Is there an area of town you'd prefer?
I would prefer to stay in the West side of town.|Any other requests?
Thank you!  I would like it to have at least 4 stars.|I have two, would you prefer a guesthouse or hotel?
Doesn't matter. Do both include wifi?|Yes both have wifi
You know what, come to think of it I think I would prefer to stay on the south side of town. Can you check for a 4-star hotel there?|There are two 4-star hotels: Aylesbray Lodge Guest House and Rosa's Bed and Breakfast.
Could you get me the postcode for Rosa's B&B? And is that a hotel or guesthouse?|Rosa's Bed and Breakfast is a guesthouse.  It has internet and parking, as requested, and the postcode is cb22ha. Shall I book a room for you at Rosa's?
Yes I will also need to book a taxi from Rosa's for 04:45.|Just to confirm, you want a taxi from Rosa's to Christ's College with a departure time of 04:45, correct?
That is correct.|Okay you have a booked car, a blue tesla, contact number 07113187062.
Thank you. I think that's all I need today. Bye.|You are most welcome.  Have a good day.
Hello!  I am looking for information about a hotel called aylesbray lodge guest house.  Can you help me?|The Aylesbray Lodge Guest house is  a guesthouse in the south side with a moderate price range.  It has a rating of 4 stars and has parking & internet.
That's perfect. What's the phone number?|The phone number for the aylesbray lodge is 01223240089. Can I help you with anything else?
Yes, I'm also looking for entertainment in the centre of town. What's fun?|There are no places with the type entertainment in the center, I could look for a different type of attraction or a different part of town if you like.
Could you find an architecture attraction?|Yes, there are 5. I recommend All Saint's Church as it is beautiful! Would like more information on it?
Yes, I would like more information please and will you let me know what the entrance fee is?|all saints church is located on jesus lane and entry is free.
Thanks so much! That's all I need today.|Thanks for using our service!
I"m looking for a hotel in the east.|There is an Express by Holiday Inn Cambridge, shall I book it for you?
What is the price range and is there internet?|The price range is expensive, and there is internet.
I need it to have four stars and free parking.|Unfortunately i found no matches. Would like me to look elsewhere with your same request?
Is there a guesthouse that would be available with that criteria?|Yes, there are a few four star guesthouses in the cheap and moderate price ranges with free parking and internet in the east. Do you have a preference in price range?
I don't have a price preference. Which guesthouse do you recommend?|I highly recommend warkworth house in the moderate price range. Do you want me to book it for you?
yes book it with reference number|What night will you be arriving?
The day that I arrive is flexible.|I can book you in if you have an idea of when your stay will begin.
I will arrive on Wednesday.|I can book the warkworth arriving on Wednesday. How many nights will be be there?
We will be there for 4 nights.|How many people will be staying?
4 of us will be staying. Please give me the reference number for this booking.|Booking was successful.
Reference number is : IM2BXWKV.
Can you tell me about nightclubs in the centre area?|There are 44 different places in the centre. What kind are you interested in? Architecture, boat, cinema, college, concert hall, museum, night club, park, swimming pool, or theatre?
As I mentioned before, can you tell me about a good nightclub?|My favorite is Ballare. Their entrance fee is 5 pounds.
Can you give me the phone number, postcode and address please|The phone number is 01223364222. Postcode, cb23na. Address is cb23na	heidelberg gardens, lion yard.
Now I'll need a taxi to pick me up at 15:00 from Ballare and take me to the hotel|Okay, I have booked the car.  The driver will be in a white Honda.
May I have the contact number for the taxi, please?|The contact number for the taxi is 07885085016. Do you need anything else or is this all for now?
That will be all. Thank you for your help.|Have a wonderful trip. Enjoy the rest of your day, goodbye.
I have some questions about attractions, today.|What type of questions do you have. I have 79 attractions available what are you looking for and in what area?
I want to learn about attractions in the west side of town.|Are you looking for a museum to visit? Or would you prefer a college?
Surprise me :)  I need the address, postcode and the entrance fee.  I also need a vegetarian restaurant with a moderate price range.|I would recommend churchhill college. It's free to enter. The address is storey's way. The post code is cb30ds. What area should the restaurant be in?
i don't mind where it is as long as they have vegetarian food.|I'm sorry, I have no vegetarian restaurants available. Is there something else you would be interested in?
Could you look for an Indian restaurant?|There is an indian restaurant called Meghna in the west. It's moderately priced. Would you like me to book a table?
No just provide me their address and phone number.|sure they are located at 205 Victoria Rd Chesterton, phone is 01223727410, something else today?
I'm going to need a taxi to get to the two places.|Where do you want to depart and arrive and what time?
I'm going to need to leave the museum by 9:00.|Your are booked, look for a red volvo, if you need to contact them, their number is 07134286519, any further questions?
Thank you so much. I don't think I have any questions right now.|Can I look up anything else for you?
No thank you.|Have a nice day, goodbye!
Can you help me find a place to dine?|Is there a specific area of town you would like?
I'd like an indian restaurant in the west.|Ok, there are six. They are all expensive except for one.
I am looking for something in the moderate price range, please.|I would recommend the Meghna for you. Should I make a booking for you?
Yes, please. Can you book me a table for 5 people at 12:45 on Wednesday? Thanks|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Reference number is : 4O6WBUD1. anything else today?
I am also looking for somewhere to go in the same area as the restaurant|What sort of attraction would you like?
Whatever is popular, I just need the attraction type on postcode of whatever you pick|Churchhill College is in west and its a college the post code is cb30ds
Okay great, thank you.|Is there anything else you need today?
No, that will be all. Thank you!|Thank you for contacting the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Goodbye
Hi! Can you tell me a little bit about the colleges that are in the center of town?|There are 13 colleges to visit in the centre. Are you interested in visiting christs college?
Sounds great. What is the address?|The address for Christ's College is Saint Andrew's Street.
Is there an entrance fee for the college?|There is no entrance fee for Christ's College.
Great. I'm looking for Midsummer House Restaurant also. Can you help me book it?|Yes, I can! When and what time would you like to go? Also how many people is the reservation for?
I need to book a table for 7 people at 16:00 on Tuesday.|It has been booked the reference number is E8J6X7ZH the table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
I also need a taxi between both places to arrive by the booked time|I've booked your taxi! A Grey Volkswagen will you pick you up and take you to the restaurant. The contact number is 07776457787. Can I help you with anything else?
Thank you. Will the taxi arrive at the restaurant by 16:00?|Yes, the taxi is due to arrive at 16:00.
Great. Thank you for your help.|It's my pleasure. Let me know if you ever need anything else.
I'm looking for some place to go in the town centre. Something sports related.|I am sorry but I have nothing in that area for sports. Would you like to try another area or attraction today?
OK, are there any colleges in the center of town?|There are 13 colleges in the centre area. Christ's College and Downing College are two of these, would you like some more information on one of these?
Yes, Christ's College. What is the entrance fee for that college?|I'm sorry, I cannot look up the entry fee to Christ's College. Is there anything else I can do for you today?
I also need a restaurant in the same area.|Sure, there are many nearby, do you have a type of cuisine you are looking for or a price range to look at?
I'd like something moderately priced.|The yippee noodle bar is in the centre and moderately priced. Would you like more information?
Yes, I'd like the post code. Also, if you can't get it for Christ's College, do you know the entrance fee for Downing College, by any chance?|The postcode of yippee noodle bar is cb11lh. Christ's college is free to enter.
Thanks! I think you covered everything I need. Have a good one. Bye.|Thank you for using Cambridge TownInfo centre.  Please contact us for your future travel needs.
Hi, I'm looking for an attraction in the center of town to visit.|We have quite a few interesting attractions in the center of town.  Is there anything in particular you would like to see?
I have no preference, I just need the address, postcode, and entrance fee.|There are 44 different attractions here in cambridge.  Would you like me to pick one of them for you?
As long as it is in the centre of town, yes.|There is the All Saints Church at Jesus Lane.
Can I get the adress, postcode, and entrance fee?|No problem. The address is Jesus Lane, postcode cb58bs and the entrance fee is free. What else can I help you with?
I would like to book the Alexander Bed and Breakfast, for three people and 2 nights starting on Thursday.|That booking wasn't successful.  Would you like to try a different hotel?
Can you try for 1 night instead?|Yes, I was able to book it for one night. your reference number is U4CZ92U1. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Can you also book a taxi for me?|Sure. What time would you like to leave or arrive by?
I'm hoping to leave from the Alexander by 09:30 please.|Alright, I got a yellow Toyota taxi to take you from the Alexander to All Saints Church. The taxi contact number is 07449269313. Anything else you need today?
No thanks, that's all.|Great, have a fantastic trip. Thanks for choosing Cambridge TownInfo centre!
I'm looking for a museum in the town centre.|There are 11 museums in the town centre. What would you like the entrance fee to be?
Find me the best deal, can I get the address and postcode of that?|Broughton house gallery	has free entry at 98 king street postcod cb11ln
Thank you. Could you help find me a train that goes to London Kings Cross and arrives by 09:15?|What is your departure site and your departure day and time?
I would like to depart from Cambridge on Wenesday.|I have a train that departs from Cambridge and arrives at London Kings Cross at 07:51. Would you like to book it?
I need to book the train fro 5 people. Are there enough seats available?|Yes, I was able to book the train for you for 5 people. The total fee is 118 GBP and the reference number is LJQGVGEA.
That's perfect, thank you so much for your help.|Is there anything else I can help you with today?
That is all for today.|Great! Have a wonderful day.
I need a restaurant that serves Indian food in the moderate price range|I have two indian restaurants in the east, and one each in the north and west. Where do you want to dine?
I would like the one in the west.|Meghan is in that area and serves Indian food would you like to make a reservation
Yes. I would like a reservation for 1 person at 13:15 on Thursday.|I've successfully booked your table. The reference number is GK41EYSD.
I would like to go to a nice nightclub|We have ballare that's night, it's in the city centre.
Okay, what is the address and entrance fee for it?|Ballare is Heidelberg Gardens, Lion Yard, postcode cb23na and the entrance fee is 5 pounds. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I am also going to need a taxi that goes from Ballare to Meghan and gets me to Meghan by 13:15 for my reservation.|OK, I have a grey skoda taxi booked for you. The Contact number is 07058412849. Is there anything else I can help with today?
.
No thank you, that is everything that I need.|Thank you and enjoy your stay.
Looking forward to visiting and seeing some local attractions.  I am looking for a place to stay.  Can you help?|sure, what area do you prefer and when is your stay if I may ask?
No specific area, but I would like for it to be expensive. It needs to be a hotel, not a guesthouse.|I have 5 listings available so lets narrow it down to one you may like. How about the star rating? Also do you need parking or internet?
I do need parking and wifi.|We have 5 options; two in the centre of town and one each in the east, south and west.  Do you prefer 2, 3 or 4 stars?
i prefer the four star|Okay, I see two hotels.  The Huntingdon Marriott in the west and University Arms in the center.  Would you like me to book one of them?
Can I have the address, post code, and star of University Arms?|university arms hotel is a 4 star hotel located on regent street. Their post code is cb21ad
I am also in the mood for a museum.|There are 23 museums in the city.  Do you prefer to visit one in a certain part of town
Somewhere near my hotel would be good.|Ok, I recommend the whipple museum of the history of science, it's neat.   Would you like more information?
Sounds awesome! Can you tell me the area it's in along with the postcode and address?|It is located in the centre and the postcode is cb23rh.
I'll also need the address please.|The address is free school lane.  Can I help with anything else?
Okay that will be all today, thanks for your help.|You're welcome! Have a great day!
Hello, I'm looking for a college to go to.|I can certainly help with that. We have 18 colleges around the city. Is there a certain area you prefer to visit?
What's the most popular? May I have the postcode, entrance fee, and what area is it in?|Christ's college is popular.  It is in the centre and does not have an entrance fee.
Yes, thank you that will be fine.|Christ's college is located at saint andrew's street in the centre and their postcode is cb23bu.
Wonderful. I am also looking for a moderately priced place to stay with a 4 star rating. I would like for it to have free wifi and in the west.|There are no establishments matching your criteria. Would you like to try another part of the city?
Can you then search for one that is in the South?|Yes.  I would recommend Aylesbray Lodge Guest House in the south.
Great. Can I book it for 2 people for 3 nights starting Saturday?|Absolutely, I was able to book you, and your reference number is WQ2KJECE. Is there anything else I can do for you today?
I also need to look for a taxi to get between both places.|Please tell me which place will be your departure site and what time you need to leave.
I would like to leave the college by 18:30.|The booking is completed.  I have booked car type	:	black skoda, Contact number	:	07214711864
That's excellent, than you so much for your assistance.|No problem, have a great time.
I'm excited about my trip to Cambridge to sight see, and need a hotel  while I'm there.|Is there a specific area you would like to be in?
Im not sure but I would like to stay in a 4 star guesthouse.|What price range would you like?
I am looking for something moderately price and that is 4 star rated. I prefer a guesthouse also.|I have 7 guesthouses in the north, 3 in East and 1 in the South.  Would you like me to book the Aylesbray Lodge Guesthouse in the South?
I would like the postcode of Aylesbray Lodge and I would like to find where the Milton Country Park is located.|I can only process one req at a time. Which one would you like first?
I need both pieces of information right now.|The postcode for Aylesbray Lodge Guest House is cb17sr. Milton Country Park is located in the north in Milton and the post code is cb46az.
THank you so much for all your help.|You are quite welcome.
I am looking for a place to stay.|Great we have 33 places, do you have anything to narrow it down?
I'd like a moderately priced guesthouse.|We have 15 moderate priced Guesthomes available that may suit your needs, is there a certain area or star rating you are interested in?
Somewhere in the south would be ideal.|There are two:  Aylebray Lodge Guest House and Bridge Guest House.  Do either of those sound appealling?
Not sure yet.  Does either have free parking?  I also need free wifi.|There are 2 guest houses in the south part of town both have parking and internet. Do you want a 4 or 3 star room?
The star rating is not important. Either of those will do. Can I just get the name of one and the address please?|Bridge guest house	is located at 151 hills road. Would you like to book?
No thanks, can you help me find a nightclub to go to?|There are several nightclubs in the centre and one in the south. Are you looking for anything in particular?
No, can you recommend your favorite one?|Yes, I recommend Club Salsa on 1 Station Road. It costs 5 pounds to get in.
OKay that's perfect thanks so much.|No problem! Is that all I can help you with today?
I also need a taxi. Ill need to leave club salsa by 15:45 and go to bridge guest house.|Okay let me work on booking that for you!
Thank you. I'll need the contact number and car type, please?|i booked your taxi. there will be a black lexus coming for you. their phone number is 07229053145.
thanks for all your help. You've been great. Have a nice day. Goodbye.|You're welcome.  I hope you enjoy your trip.
I'm looking for attractions in Cambridge that involve a boat.|Your best choice is the River Boat Georgina located at Jubilee House.
Is that in the Centre area?|No, although there are two others that are in the Centre. The Cambridge Punter is a great one. Would you like more information?
Yes please.  I could use the address with postcode as well as the entrance fee.|Ok, the address for the Cambridge Punter is 251a chesterton road and the postcode is cb41as.  Unfortunately I don't have information regarding the entrance fee.
Hmm... that bites, but I can deal. I'm going to head to a restaurant as well, can you find me one that's in the same area?|what is your price range?
I would like a moderately-priced Jamaican restaurant.|I am sorry but there are no Jamaican restaurants in Cambridge. What other cuisine would you like?
That's ok. Is there an international restaurant instead?|There are 2 international restaurants in the centre area, the varsity restaurant and bloomsbury restaurant. Would you like more information on one of them?
I like the sound of Varsity Restaurant. I'd like to book a table for 8 people on Saturday at 19:45.|You're all set for a table for 8 on Saturday at 19:45. They'll hold your table for 15 minutes. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Great, can I also have the reference number?|The reference number is LRV0IPXL.
Thank you. That's all I needed help with today. Have a great day.|You are welcome.  Enjoy your stay in Cambridge.  Bye.
Can you get me information on a restaurant called golden house?|Golden House is a cheap Chinese restaurant in the center of town. Their address is 12 Lensfield Road City Centre, cb21eg. Their phone number is 01842753771.
I'd like to book a table for 3 at 20:00 on Monday. I'll need a reference number, please.|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Reference number is : 4EYTD9X9. Do you need anything else?
Yes, I do. I would like to find some interesting places to go while we are in town. Perhaps, some sort of entertainment. Any suggestions?|There are no entertainment attractions in the centre. Can I try another type of attraction?
How about a college?|I have about 13 colleges in the centre of town. If I may, might I suggest Pembroke College. They have a quite unique campus. There is also free admission.
Great. What's the address for pembroke?|It's located on Trumpington Street, postcode CB2 1RF.  Would you like their phone number?
Give me the entrance fee instead please.|Pembroke College has a no entrance fee. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No, that will be it. You've been very helpful!|Have a great day!
I am in the center are of Cambridge, are there any Japanese restaurants in that part of town?|Yes. There is one Japanese restaurant in the centre. It is called Wagamama and is in the expensive price range. Would you like me to place a reservation?
Yes, if you could that would be great. Can I get their number please?|Phone number is 01223462354. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I need reservations for 8 people please.|What day and time would you like the reservation for?
I need a table for 8 at 14:30 on thursday.|Reference number is : KJBB2GXB. Anything else?
Yes, I am looking for places to go in the same area as the restaurant.  Possibly and entertainment type of venue.|Unfortunately, there aren't any entertainment venues in the centre.  Would you like me to search for a different type of venue or in a different area?
Yes, could you try the north please?|I'm sorry, there are none in the north. I have found a few in the east, south and west. Would any of those areas work for you?
okay are their any colleges around? I need a phone number, entrance fee and address of one that you would recommend please|My favorite college in the centre is Jesus College on Jesus Lane. It's very Jesus-y. Would you like their contact information?
phone number, entrance fee, and address.|The phone number is 01223339485.
Great, thanks so much! Can you please book me a taxi from the college to the restaurant that arrives by the time of my reservation?|Your taxi has been booked. It will be a grey Volkswagen and their contact number is 07598698020.
Have a nice day.|Thank you. You as well!
I would like to find something to do in the west.|We have some lovely college's in the area some are free some aren't
Can you give me some information about the free options?|churchill college, clare hall, and magdalene collegeare free. All are in the west area and is very nice.
can i get the phone number to churchill college|The phone number for Churchill College is 01223336233. Can I help you with anything else today?
I want to eat at an expensive European restaurant.|Sure, would you like that in the west part of the city also?
Yes, I would like it in the West as well.|Great I found the cambridge lodge restaurant for you! What would you like to do with it?
May I have the phone number please?|Sure. The phone number to the Cambridge Lodge Restaurant is 01223355166.
Did you book a table for me?|I have not booked it as of yet. Would you like me to book it for you?
No thanks. I just need the phone number please.|Sure! Their phone number is 01223355166. Can I help you with anything else?
Thank you, that will be all.|you are welcome. enjoy your stay.
I need a train that leaves after 17:30 on Thursday|Where are you leaving from and going on thursday?
I'll be heading from London Liverpool Street to Cambridge.|I've got a number of options for you.  Did you have an arrival time in mind?
No, I do not.|Okay the TR7360 leaves at 17:39. Will that work?
Sure, book it for 3 people please.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 49.8 GBP payable at the station .
Reference number is : N1C90WGA.
Could you recommend a college for me to visit while I'm in town?|Christ's College is in Centre. Admission is free. Phone 01223334900.
Thank you so much that will be all, looking forward to Cambridge.|enjoy your time in cambridge
I'm looking to go to a college in the centre of town.|I have about 13 different options. Most offer free entrance but there are a few that charge. Do you prefer one over the other?
If you could give me the postcode, phone number and entrance fee of the first one on the list that'll work. Thanks!|Christ's College on St. Andrew's Street is free, the postcode is CB23BU and their phone number is 01223334900. Can I help with anything else?
That's all the information that I needed. Thank you!|You're welcome, enjoy your time in Cambridge.
I'm looking for colleges in the centre of town.|I have 13 colleges in the Centre of town. Is there a particular one you're looking for?
that's great. Are there any close to some museums and restaurants?|I'm sure there are.  What area are you looking for?
I'm looking for the college to be in the centre area of town, if possible.|I would recommend pembroke college, which is located at trumpington street. Do you need anything else?
Yes, please. I'm looking for a cheap 4 star guest house. Any area will do.|The Leverton House guesthouse is located in the east area. It's cheap with four stars. Would you like to make a booking?
No, but could you give me the address and postcode?|Yes. The address is 732-734 newmarket road, and the postcode is cb58rs. Is there anything else I could help you with?
No thank you, I am all set.  Enjoy the rest of your weekend.|Thank you. You as well!
Hi! I am planning a trip to Cambridge and am looking to catch a train from leicester. I need to arrive in Cambridge by 14:45. Is there a train that would work for me?|I can help you with that. What day would you like to leave?
I would like to leave on Thursday.|TR8882 departs Leicester at 12:09 and arrives in Cambridge by 13:54, would you like to book a seat?
I would like you to book the train.|Okay, I can help with that but first please tell me how many seats to book.
Please, just book for one seat. I am also looking for places to go while I'm in town.|great, what are you interested in doing or seeing?
I would like to go to a swimming pool|I have about 4 pools in town. 2 are in the north, and one each in the centre and east parts of town. Do you have a preference?
Not really.  Pick the one you like for me.|i like abbey pool and astroturf pitch
What's the entrance fee for that place?|The entrance fee is not currently listed, but here is the phone number for more information: 01223902088
Great, thank you!|Can I help you find anything else today?
no, that will be all. Thank you, good bye.|You're welcome, have a great day.
I need to go out tonight - what's the hottest nightclub on the west side?|There are no nightclubs on the west side of town.
That sucks. How about museums in the west?|We have 7 different museums in the west part of town. Do you want me to give you a recommendation?
Yes, please. I would appreciate that.|I would suggest kettles yard.
Thanks, what is the postcode and entrance fee for kettles yard?|The postcode is cb30aq and it is free.
I also need to book a table at the royal spice restaurant.|I'd be happy to help, first I'll need more information. Please tell me the day, time and number in your party for your reservation.
It will be for one, Wednesday.|What time did you want to make the reservation for?
18 45 on weds|How many people?
It will just be me|Ok, booking was successful. Reference number is : SVJX0QE7. Can I help with anything else?
No that will be all. Thank you.|You are most welcome! Good bye.
Hello, I'm looking for attractions in the west, can you help me out?|There are 13 attractions in the west area of town. Is there a particular type of attraction you would prefer?
I don't have a preference.  Can you make a suggestion and provide the address?|Whale of a Time is a great entertainment venue. They are located at Unit 8, Viking Way, Bar Hill. Can I provide any additional information for them?
I'm also need a restaurant that serves indian food.|I have 22  that serve indian food. Is there an area or price range you prefer?
I'd like it to be an expensive place in the west, please.|I have 5 options here. I would like to suggest tandoori palace. Shall I go ahead with the booking?
Yes, there will be 8 of us on Thursday at 13:15.|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : XJX7H5WZ. Anything else I can assist you with?
Great, that's all I needed!|Thank you for contacting Cambridge TownInfo centre.  Have a great time!  Goodbye!
I'm looking for a place to stay, do you have any suggestions?|The A and B guest house is a cool place to stay in the east. We also have many other options. Do you have a price range?
I'm a sophisticated man. I will only consider expensive guesthouses.|We have 5 great choices. Do you have a preference with a specific location?
I would like to make sure it has free wifi.|The gonville hotel is really nice. Want a reservation?
Yes can you please?|Can you tell me what day you want to start your stay? And how many people for how many nights?
monday and for 5 nights for 4 people.|Your booking was successful. The reference number is AZSYT6ET. Can I help with anything else?
We need a place to go in town.  Can you help?|Sure I can. Do you have a preference for what part of town, or what type of place you want to visit?
I'm looking for a place to go in the east, entertainment type.|How does the Cherry Hinton Hall and Grounds sound? Would you like more information about this attraction?
Sounds great. I'd love to know the postcode, phone number, and address for that attraction if you wouldn't mind.|The postcode is cb18dw. They are on Cherry Hinton Road. Their phone number is 01223446104. May I help you with anything else?
Yes, can you help me book a taxi?|Yes I can I just need the travel time, departure time, and arrival time.
Yes, I want to depart Cherry Hinton Hall and Grounds by 16:00. I will be going to the hotel.|I need to know the name of destination please.
You just reserved the Gonville hotel for me. That's where I'd like to go.|Of course, sorry about that.  Look for a Blue Ford.  Contact number: 07146797795. Can I assist you with anything else today?
No thank you that will be all.|Thanks for using our service. Enjoy your visit.
Thank you. Goodbye.|thank you for using this service good bye
Yes, I am looking for a theatre in the town.|There are several theatres located in the city centre. Is that the correct area?
Any area is fine, can you give me the address and postcode of the closest theater to centre?|Sure, adc theatre's postcode is cb58as and the address is park street.
Great! Do you have a good chinese restaurant in centre that I could go to.|I have 10 chinese restaurants ranging from cheap to expensive. Is there any limits on what you would like?
I'd like a cheap Chinese restaurant, please.|Okay, I have three options that meet your needs. Charlie Chan, Rice House, and Golden House. Would you like me to make a reservation for one of those?
Make a reservation for Charlie Chan. Book a table for 2 people at 17:15 for Monday.|I have made a reservation at Charlie Chan for 2 people on Monday at 17:15.  The reservation reference is 9ygetj1.  The table will be held for 15 minutes.
Thanks, that's all I need. Have a nice day.|Thank you!
Can you help find a theatre in the centre of town?|I can help you with that.  How about the ADC Theatre?  It is in the centre of town.
Great, how much is admission?|Sorry, I don't have that information, but here is the phone number: 01 223 300 0085 if you would like more specifics.
thank you. i also want a hotel to stay which should a have a  star of 4|What area would you like to stay in?
I would like to stay in the north.|Do you prefer a specific type of hotel or are you working on a budget?
I'd like a 4 star in the cheap price range please.|I have one fitting that. Would you like more info?
Yes is it a guesthouse?|Yes it is, it's called worth house.
I need the phone number for the hotel please.|The phone number is 01223316074. May I help with something else?
i also need a taxi from the worth house to the adc theatre. i want to leave the hotel by 20:15.|Booking completed!  Your booked car type is blue audi and it will come at 20:15.  The contact number is 07263502417.  Anything else I can do for you today?
Thank you that is all I needed.|Great! Enjoy your show, and I hope you have a great stay!
I need a train departing Cambridge and arriving by 08:15.|Train TR5154	is departing cambridge to london liverpool street on friday, leaving at 05:59 and arriving at 07:27. Is this one okay?
No, I need a train to Norwich on Saturday.|There is a train that runs from Cambridge to Norwich on Saturday and arrives by 07:55.  Would you like to book it?
That'll work!  What time does it leave and what's the ID?|The trainId is TR0953 and it leaves at 6:36.
Can you also tell me the travel time? I'm also looking for an attraction called Primavera.|TR0953 going to norwich has a duration of 79 minutes travel time. Primavera is a museum in city centre, it is free to get in. Do you need the address?
Yes please, and also the phone number!|Primavera is located at 10 king s parade, the phone number is 01223357708. Anything else I can help you with today?
No, thank you! I appreciate your help.|Great. Glad to have been of service. Thanks for using our service.
I'm looking to visit a museum in Cambridge. Can you tell me a little about what you have?|There are 23 museums that match that criteria. What area should the museum be in?
I don't have a preference. Can you recommend one?|Cambridge Artworks is a great place and has free entry. Their address and phone number is 5 Greens Road 01223902168.
Sounds great, thanks. I am also looking for a restaurant in the Centre that serves gastropub food.|Okay, there are 3 different restaurants. What is your price range?
It really doesn't matter money is no object. I need a table for 8 on thursday at 14:45. As long as its a gastropub in the centre of town|I will make a booking for backstreet bistro,Booking complete here is your reference number T9TB8FBO.
awesome! thanks for all the info|Sure.  Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
I would also like to book a taxi to get between the museum and the restaurant.|I can work on booking this for you.
I need to arrive at the restaurant by 14:45. I'll need the contact number and car type as well please.|Okay I have booked your taxi. The contact number is 07498867892 and the car is a blue tesla.
Thank you that's all the help I need. Goodbye|Thanks for using our service today!
I am looking for a college to visit.|We have many colleges in Cambridge, most of which are in the center of town. Do you have a specific area in mind?
I don't have a preference, but could I have the entrance fee, postcode, and phone number please?|Clare college is located in the west with a postcode of cb21tl. The phone number is 01223333200 and the entrance fee is 2.50 pounds.
Thank you. Can you help me in finding a hotel in the centre of town?|May I recommend the Alexander Bed & Breakfast Hotel located in the centre of town at 56 Saint Barnabas Road?
Does it have 0 stars? I'm wanting to make sure I book a room at a place with 0 stars.|No, the Alexander has a 4 star rating. There are two others located in the centre of town that have 0 stars. Would you like information for either of those?
Could either of the ones with 0 stars accommodate 7 people for 4 nights, starting from Saturday?  If so, book it and please provide a reference number.|In order that I may better serve you, I will need the date you will need your accommodations.
I just said I needed it on Saturday for 4 nights? There will be 7 of us.|I have you booked for four nights.  Your reference number is ACLLASUS.
Great, I also need a taxi to take me between the two places.|I'd be happy to help you with a taxi. Which will you be departing from and what time are you looking to leave?
I will be departing from Clare college at 02:15.|Okay, I booked a taxi from Clare College to Alexander at 02:15. The car will be a yellow Tesla, contact number is 07924405989.
Thanks, that's all I need. Have a nice day.|We are happy to help. Thank you for using our service. Have a great day!
what museum would you recommend in the east part of cambridge?|I would recommend cambridge artworks, it is a museum in the east and has free entrance. Would you like any more information?
I am also looking for the Limehouse hotel. Do you know if they have internet?|Yes, the Limehouse hotel has internet. Would you like more information about this hotel?
Yes, how many stars is is rated?|Limehouse is a 4 star hotel.  Would you like to book it?
That's ok. I can take care of booking myself. Would you know a place in the centre of town where we could go for boating?|The cambridge punter meets your criteria. Would you like some more information?
Yes, what is the entrance fee?|I do not know the entrance fee. You can call them directly at 07807718591.
Okay. That's all I need, I guess.|Okay. Thank you for calling.
I'm looking for an expensive restaurant in the Centre.|There are 33 expensive restaurants in the centre of town. Do you have a food preference?
I would really love to find an expensive Polish restaurant.|I'm sorry but there are no expensive Polish restaurants in the centre. Would you like a different type of cuisine or price range?
How about Chinese food?|We have Ugly Duckling, Tang Chinese, HK Fusion, and Sesame Restaurant and Bar. Would you like to book one of those?
Can I have the phone number for the Ugly Duckling restaurant?|There is no phone number for Ugly Duckling.
Okay let's try the Tang Chinese. Is there a phone number for them?|The phone number for Tang Chinese is 01223357187.
I'm also looking for somewhere to go. I'd like to do something entertaining near the restaurant. Are there any museums in the area?|There are a few options. How about primavera, castle galleries, cambridge contemporary art or broughton house gallery. Would you like additional information on either of these?
I'd be interested in the contemporary art.  Do you know how much it costs to get in?|Cambridge contemporary art has free entrance. It is located at 6 trinity street. Do you need any more information?
That's not needed. I am  looking for a taxi to go between the two places, though.|What time would you like to go between the two locations?
Oh, wait. I'm so sorry. Before we book a taxi, can you provide me with the phone number to the art museum?|The phone number is 01223324222
I want to leave the museum by 4:15.|Wonderful. I was able to schedule that taxi for you. You will be riding in a grey Ford. If you have any questions for them, you can reach them at 07508824111.
Thanks so much for all your help.|You're welcome. Can I help you with anything else today?
No, that's everything. I'm sure my trip will be fantastic. Thank you for all the help. Have a good day!|Okay thank you for calling.
Hello, what expensive restaurants do you know of in the East part of town?|I have 5, 2 Indian, a Chinese, a British, and a gastropub. Any of them tickle your fancy?
Can you tell me about the indian places? Are any of them expensive?|Sitar Tandoori is my favorite. They are indeed expensive. Would you like to book a table there?
What is their phone number?|Their phone number is 01223249955. Would you like to make a reservation? Or can I help with anything else?
I need to find an attraction.|There are several attractions in the east part of town. Are you interested in a specific type, such as a museum or outdoors?
It is  called cambridge book and print gallery.|Cambridge book and print gallery is in the west, not the east. Are you sure that was the name of the attraction?
Yes, I just need the entrance fee and phone number|Good news, the entrance fee is free!  And the phone number is 01223694264.  Can I help you with anything else today?
No, that's it.  Thank you for your assistance today, you have been very helpful!|Have a great night. I'm glad to be of assistance!
I need a guesthouse to stay while I'm in town.  I don't care if it has free parking or not.  Do you have something I could get?|I have 24 options available. Do you have a specific area in mind?
No specific area but i do need wifi and a moderate priced guesthouse please.|There are 14 guest house with internet and moderate price what area would you like
book a hotel for 7 people and 2 nights starting from wednesday|First let's pick one of the 14 guesthouses and then I'll book your room!
Sounds good. There are a lot to chose from, is there one that you specifically recommend?|Yes, I would recommend acorn guest house.
That sounds fine can you book for seven people for two nights starting Wednesday? I'm also looking for a park to visit.|Absolutely! Your Booking was successful.
Reference number is : 7ZCFV2O4. Is there anything else you need?
I'm also looking for a park to go to while I'm in town.|We have five parks available. Do you have an area that you would prefer?
I'd like someplace in the center, please.|The Cambridge University Botanic Gardens is located in the centre.  It's on Bateman Street.  The entrance fee is 4 pounds. Can I help you with something else?
i also want a taxi to commute between  the two places|I should be able to help you with that. Are you traveling to the Botanic Gardens or from? And what time do you want the taxi for?
i want to leave the hotel by 01:15|And where would you like the taxi to pick you up?
It will be picking me up from the hotel. I'll need the contact number and car type, please?|You are booked for a white audi with the contact number 07387814664. May I help with anything else, like a restaurant?
That's it for now. Thank you for you patient help. Goodbye.|Yeah, any time I was happy to help.
I need to find a place to stay in town|We have five hotels located in the Centre. Do you have a specific price range?
Not really, but I do want a 4-star hotel with free parking and wifi.|I have 2 places that fit that criteria. Would you prefer a hotel or guesthouse?
I would prefer a hotel, thank you.|The University Arms Hotel meets all of your criteria. Would you like me to book it for you?
Sure, that would be great!|How many are in your party?
I'll need rooms for 6 people for 4 nights beginning Tuesday.|Booking was successful. Your reference number is 70ZB569F. Can I help you with anything else?
I need the postcode , entrance fee and the attraction type of "The Place"|The Place is a nightclub and the postcode is cb23hg. The entrance fee is unknown, though.
Great.  Can you give me the address and phone number for The Place?  Thank you for your help.|Sure, the address is 22 sidney street and the phone number is 01223324600. Anything else?
No that was it. Thank you so much.|You're very welcome.  Please feel free to contact us again!
Hi, I need a moderate price range restaurant in the centre of town.|There are 21 restaurants that are moderately priced in the centre of town. Do you have a food preference?
British or European would be fine. May I book a table for 2 at 16:00 on a Wednesday and get a reference number please?|The oak bistro is a British restaurant in the centre area, in the moderate price range. Would you like to book this restaurant?
Yes. The booking should be for 2 on wednesday at 16:00. Could I also get a reference number?|Alright, you're all booked! Your reference number is YWEKSO7H. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I'm also looking for a place to visit within the same area as the restaurant. Do you have any recommendations?|We have parks, boats, museums, and many other interesting things to do. What strikes your fancy?
An art museum near the restaurant sounds nice.  How much is the admission price?|The Cambridge Contemporary Art Museum is fantastic, and it's free. Would you like more information?
I will need a taxi to take me from the museum to the restaurant. Obviously it needs to get me there before my reservation.|sure! expect a grey toyota and call 07319086162 to contact your taxi
thank you, that is all I need.|You are welcome, please enjoy your time in Cambridge and if there's anything else we can assist you with let us know!
I'm looking for a sports facility in the town centre.|Unfortunately, I do not have any sports attractions in the centre of town. Can I look in another area or for a different type of attraction?
How about a museum instead?|How about, the Cambridge Contemporary Art Museum located at 6 trinity street?
That sounds good. What is their phone number?|The number there is 01223324222.  Anything else?
What's their postcode, and how much is it to get in?|There is no entrance fee; it is free.  The postcode is cb21su. May I help you with anything else?
That's all, thank you.|Excellent. Take care!
Hi, I want to find an architecture attraction in the west please.|I am not showing an architecture in the west. Would you be interested in a different type of attraction or a different area?
Are there any museums in the west?|Yes. There are 7 museums in the west. I can recommend the cambridge country folk museum and kettle's yard. Would either of those interest you?
The folk museum sounds interesting.  Can I get the address and entrance fee?|Their address is 2-3 castle street and the fee is 3.50 pounds.  Is there anything else that I can help you with?
Yes - I'm looking for a 3-star place to stay. Something moderately priced.|There are 4 guesthouses that meet your criteria. The Hobsons House is popular. Would you like to book it?
As long as it is in the North, and meets that criteria, sure.|In the North and Moderately priced we have hamilton lodge and alpha-milton guest house.
Hamilton lodge and book for 2 people for 3 nights starting monday, please.|You are booked at the Hamilton Lodge for three days starting Monday, and your confirmation number is 1ROQGKD4. Can I assist you with anything else?
Yes, I also need a taxi.|Where would you like to travel and what time would you like to go?
I want to leave the folk museum by 2:30 to go to the hotel. Can you get me the contact number and car type?|The contact number is 07050010887 and it will be a white Ford.
Thank you for the info on the taxi and helping me find one have a great day!|I wish you a lovely day too.
I would like a hotel with free wifi located in the centre.|Do you have a price range in mind?
A moderate price range would be perfect. Could you make sure it also has a star rating of 3?|The gonville hotel meets your requirements.
Sounds good, can you book it for me for Wednesday, 3 nights and 4 people?|The Gonville Hotel is in the expensive price range but is 3 star. The only moderate price hotel in that area is Cityroomz but is a 0 star rating.
You can book that on for me. I will need the entrance fee, phone number, and postcode.|Hotels do not have entrance fees. Gonville hotel is located at gonville place in the postcode cb11ly. Anything else for you?
I am sorry, I am looking for a park near the hotel. I need the entrance fee, phone number and postcode for the park.|The Cambridge University Botanic Gardens  is a park nearby.  Their phone is 01223336265, the post code is cb21jk, it's located on bateman street.
Can you book me a taxi to pick me up at the Botanic Gardens at 3:30?|A grey ford will arrive to take you to gonville hotel. The contact number is 07759806308. Anything else today?
No thank you, that's all for today. Goodbye!|Thank you, have a great day
I'm looking for some museums, could you help me find more information on them?|Certainly. Cambridge has many museum offerings. What area are you thinking of visiting?
I'm open to visiting any area in Cambridge.  Could you suggest a museum please?|I suggest broughton house gallery located at 98 king street.
What's the postcode for that?|The postcode for the Broughton House Gallery is cb11ln. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes I need to find a train on Friday going to Cambridge from Norwich and arriving by 12:45.|The earliest arrival prior to that time is the TR9900 which leaves Norwich at 05:16 and arrives in Cambridge at 06:35. Would you like me to book you a seat?
Yes, 3 seats in fact.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 52.8 GBP payable at the station .
Reference number is : 50KBIWYY.  Is there anything else I can help you with?
Okay thank you! No that will be everything.|Thank you for calling today.
I am looking for information on theatres in the center part of town.|There are four theatres to pick from.    I recommend the cambridge arts theatre, would you like more information?
My husband is into the arts so that might actually work out perfect. Can I get their phone number please?|Absolutely. Their number is 01223503333. They don't have an entrance fee listed, so be sure to ask them about it. Is there anything else you need?
Yes, I need to find a train to Cambridge.|Where will you be traveling from, and what day and time would you like to travel?
I need to leave from London Liverpool Street on saturday. I need to arrive by 16:00.|Okay how about the TR4078 it arrives by 15:07.
Perfect. I will need tickets for 6 people. Please provide the reference number.|No problem!  Your reference # is BBJ1JTXU.  The total fee is 79.67 GBP, payable at the station.  Can I help you with anything else?
Great thank you that's all I needed today.|It was a pleasure to assist you. Have a great day. Goodbye.
Hello. I am working out some details regarding my trip to Cambridge. I am sort of overwhelmed by the number of attractions and need your help.|I can help you narrow down your choices.  Did you have a type of attraction you were interested in?
Yes, I'm interested in museums. Can you suggest one for me?|In what area would you prefer it to be?
I am looking for a museum in the centre of town.|There are 11 in the center of town. How about contemporary art?
Yeah, that sounds good. Can you give me the postcode?|Sure thing the postcode for Cambridge Contemporary Art Museum is cb21su. Is there anything more today?
I'm also looking for a place to stay in the centre that is moderate in price.|Cityroomz is available. Would you like to book this hotel?
I need the hotel to be 4 stars with free parking. Does Cityroomz have these?|Actually Cityroomz is 0 stars and doesn't have parking. Would you like to try a different area?
how about one like that in the north? get the postcode,address, and phone number|there are none with 0 stars in the north
The one in the north did not need to be 0 stars. Just one in the north.|Lovell Lodge is in the north and is moderate priced. Postcode is cb41sr, phone is 01223425478, and address is 365 milton road. Does that work?
That sounds good. Does it have 4 stars?|Lovell lodge is 2 stars
I'd really like a 4 star. Is there a 4 star hotel in the north with parking?|4-star accommodations in the north are all guesthouses. The acorn guest house is highly recommended, and has free internet and parking. Would you like more information or to book?
No, but can you give me the postcode, address, and phone number for the Acorn?|The address of the Acorn is 154 chesterton road,	postcode 	cb41da. Telephone number 01223353888,
Hi, can you help me with a train for my upcoming trip?|Absolutely! Where are you leaving from? And where are you headed?
I am departing from Cambridge and going to Broxbourne.|What day and time would you like to travel?
I would like to leave on monday and arrive as close to 20:30 as possible.|The closes arrival time to 20:30 would be Train TR4655 that arrives in Broxbourne at 20:21. Would you like me to book you a seat?
No, thanks. I just need the travel time and departure time.|The train leaves Cambridge at 19:01 and arrives to Broxbourne at 20:01 on Monday.
Thanks. Are there any colleges in the centre I can visit?|There are a few.  Downing College is beautiful and there is no entrance fee charged.
My i have the address please ?|Sure, Downing College is located on regent street. Do you need any additional information?
About the train, I know the arrival and departure, but need travel time (time on train)?|The travel time is 60 minutes. Will there be anything else I can assist you with today?
That is all the information I need today. Thanks so much for your help. Goodbye.|You are welcome. Thanks you for contacting Cambridge TownInfo centre. Have a good trip. Goodbye.
I'm looking for a museum in town|I have several museums listed, is there a specific type you are interested in?
Nothing specific, please just send me the address, phone number and postcode of the one you would suggest.|Ok Williams art and antiques is pretty universally enjoyed, gwydir street, no. 5 dale's brewery, postal cb12lj, phone, 01223311687, free admission, so that's good for the wallet.
Thank you so much! I also need info on trains that leave on Monday after 11:00.|There are 278 entries that match your request. Where will you be departing from and what is your destination?
I will be going to cambridge and should depart from birmingham new street.|What time do you need to arrive by?
As early as possible as long as I leave after 11:00.|I will take the one on Monday at 11:00 can you book it for me ?
Hi, I'm looking for a place to go see architecture in the centre of town.|There are 4 churches and an old schools. All are free except for great saint mary's church which has an entrance fee of 2 pounds. Which do you prefer?
Just give me the information for the first one that is free in the centre, like their phone number and postcode please.|holy trinity church, phone number is 01223355397, postcode is cb23nz. Is there anything else you need?
I actually would like to find a place to stay that is in the centre of town also.|We have 5 potential options available to you. Is there a particular lodging type or price range you are interested in the most?
No particular pricerange, but I want it to be a type of hotel. It doesn't need to include internet.|I think citycroomz would work well. Would you like more information?
No, thank you. That will be all. Have a great day!|My pleasure to be of service.  Have a wonderful visit to Cambridge.  Goodbye.
I'd like to find a Chinese restaurant in the center of town.|There are several. Did you have a price range in mind?
Yes, moderately priced, please.|There are 3 chinese restaurants, I recommend the jinling noodle bar. Would you like me to book it for you?
No, not right now but can you provide me with an address and postcode for whichever of those restaurants you would recommend?|the restaurant jinling noodle bar the address is 11 Peas Hill City Centre and postal code is cb23pp
Thank you . I also am looking for places to go in town. Can you help me?|There are 44 great places to visit if you would like to stay near the centre of town. Would you like a museum, architecture, college or just any suggestion?
I would like to visit a nice museum.  Please give me the address, entrance fee and phone number.|How about the castle galleries?  They are located at unit su43, grande arcade, saint andrews street.  Phone number is 01223307402.  Admission is free.
That sounds great, thanks! That's all I need today.|Yeah, no problem happy to help.
Hi, can you help me with some information on the train system?|Absolutely! What information are you looking for?
I will be departing Cambridge and need to arrive at London Liverpool Street on Saturday|Great I have several options for you. Do you know your departure or arrival time?
I'd like to leave after 18:15 please.|How about train TR2166 that leaves at 19:27?
That is fine please make a booking for 8 people|OK, you have 8 tickets reserved on TR2166. The total fee is 106.24 GBP payable at the station. Reference number is : RAEGFIL7.
I am also looking for places to go in town. Maybe a college?|The are many college's in town, what is your preference ?
No preference, just pick something for me. I'll need to know the area, postcode and fee to get in.|I think you would like Christ's College in the centre, the postcode is cb23bu and the entrance is free.
Thank you very much for your help!|You are welcome. Will you need a taxi or a restaurant reservation? I can help.
That's all for now. Thank you|You are welcomed have a great day . Enjoy your trip.
I need to find an entertainment place in the centre of town.|Unfortunately, there are no entertainment attractions in the centre of town? Would you like me to search for a different area or a different type of attraction?
Is there a museum then?|Yes! There are 11 museums located in the centre of town. Would you like the information for any of them?
Yes, thank you. The address for any on that you recommend.|The primavera is located at 10 king s parage postcode cb21sj
thanks! I'm also looking for a guesthouse to stay in in the north.|acorn guest house	would be nice, can i boot it for you?
does it have free wifi?|Yes, they offer free wifi as well as free parking. Would you like me to book a room for you?
Yes, for seven people. We want to check in on Sunday and stay for two nights.|Unfortunately there is no availability. Would you like to change the length of your stay or choose another guesthouse?
Alright, how about a single night stay? Would that work?|Booking was successful.
Reference number is : KIZ22NB2.
I need a place to stay that includes free parking and should be in the west please.|finches bed and breakfast is a guesthouse located in the west, it's fairly cheap too!
Does it have free wifi?|Yes, it does.
Great! I would like to make a booking for 8 people for 2 nights on Sunday.|I was able to book your party of 8 into Finches Bed and Breakfast starting Sunday for 2 nights. Reference: ZBJ8XF6G. Is there anything more I can assist with today?
Could you help me find an interesting museum?|Cambridge museum of technology	looks like a good place to check out.
Could you provide their  postcode, area, and entrance fee please?|Its postcode is cb58ld, it is in the east, and the entrance fee is 5 pounds.
Thank you for the info on a good museum to go to have a great day.|You're welcome. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes I need a taxi from the museum to the hotel.  I want to leave by 4:15.  Can you hook me up?|I was able to book your taxi from the museum back to finches.  It will be a grey volvo and the contact number is 07903288738.
Thanks! That's all I needed help with today.|Have a great trip!
Hi, I am looking for a particular attraction.  Have you heard of Scudamores Punting Co?|Yes, Scudamores Punting Co is located in Granta Place, Mill Lane and their phone number is 01223359750. Anything else you want to know?
Is there an entrance fee? If so, what is it?|If they have an entrance fee, it's not showing up with their listing. Is there anything else I can do for you today?
Yeah, are there any expensive Chinese places in town?|There are 9 expensive Chinese restaurants in town. Is there a particular area you would like to dine in?
I would like the south please.|How about peking restaurant? Would you like to make a reservation?
that sounds great, please do|Okay! For when, and for how many people?
I don't need a reservation at the moment but could you send me the postcode and address of the restaurant. Thank you.|The address of the restaurant is 10 Homerton Street City Centre. The postcode is cb28nx. Can I assist with anything else?
Yes.  I would like a taxi to take me from the attraction to the restaurant.|in order for me to get a cab for you I need the arrival and or departure times
I need to get to the attraction by 22:15.|I've booked a taxi for you. It's a blue Volvo and the contact number is 07079040787.
Perfect thats everything I needed thanks for the help|You're welcome.  Have a great day.
I need information on a swimmingpool to visit.|There are 4 swimmingpools. One in the east, two in the north, and one in the centre.
We're going to be in the centre so maybe that one. Can I get the postcode of that one?|Yes their postcode is cb11ly.
Thanks. Hey, is Yu Garden still open?|Yes it most certainly is. Would you like their telephone number?
I don't need their number, but will you please book a table for 7 people at 15:00 on Wednesday?|I've booked a table for seven at yu garden. Your reservation is at 15:00 on Wednesday. Your reference number is 799F0AEG. Can I help you with anything else?
Yes, I'll also need a taxi that will take me between the two places. I'll need to arrive at the restaurant by 15:00.|I was able to book you a taxi it will be a yellow volkswagen. The driver's contract number is 07156664502. Is there anything else I can help with?
Thank you that is all I need today.|Glad to be of service, and I hope you enjoy your time in Cambridge!
Can you help me find a college in the centre of town?|There are a whopping 13 colleges in the centre of the city.  Would you like me to suggest one for you?
Which is the best college in the Centre and how can I contact them by phone?|there are many options . can i recommend one for you
Please recommend one in the centre and I would also like the phone number.|christ's college is nice.
That sounds great, can I please get their phone number?|Of course, their phone number is 01223334900. Is there anything else that I can help you with today?
That would be all thank you very much.|Thank you for calling. Have a great day.
I am looking for a place to eat some moderate priced austrian food.|Sorry, I didn't get any matching results. Would you like me to look for other types of food?
Oh, that's okay. How about a restaurant that serves turkish food?|There are two of those. I recommend anatolia. Their phone number is 01223362372.
That sounds good, can you reserve for me?|When would you like the booking made for?
For tuesday please.|What time and for how many people?
Actually, can I change that to Friday. I would need a reservation that day for 7 people at 18:00.|Your booking was successful. The table will be reserved for you and your party for 15 minutes. The reference number is XJ15IFK8.
Do you know of any colleges in the city centre?|There are 13 options available. Would you like a recommendation?
Yes, please and if I can also get their the entrance fee.|christ's college is free entry or corpus christi is 2 pounds. There are 3 more options that have free entrance also.
I choose Corpus Christi. May I have their phone number, please?|Their phone number is 01223338000.  May I find anything else for you today?
That is all I needed.|Okay, have a great day!
I am looking for an attraction called Cambridge Artworks.|Cambridge Artworks is a museum in the east area of town. It is located at 5 greens road, postcode cb13ef. Their phone is 01223902168, and entrance is free.
Thank you so much.|You're welcome and thank you! Have a great day.
Could you help me find a train going to Cambridge on Tuesday?|That's no problem. We have 202 results for that, though. Where are you leaving from?
I am leaving from kings lynn. But I must be in cambridge no later than 9:30.|We have the TR8782 arriving in cambridge at 08:58. Does that work?
That is good, how much does it cost?|Each ticket is 23.60 GBP. Would you like to book a ticket?
Actually, can you provide me with the travel time for that train?|The travel time is 51 minutes for that
Thanks, that's all I need today. You've been a great help!|You're welcome. Have a great day!
I am looking for a place that has multiple sports in the centre of town. Do you have any suggestions?|So sorry we have no multiple sports in the centre of town.
How about a college in the centre of town?|Yes, there are a few.  I personally like Downing College on Regent Street.  It is free.
That sounds good, I need the address, phone number and postcode.|The address is regent street postcode cb21dq and the phone is 01223334860.
Great, that's helpful, thanks. Can you also help us find a hotel? We'd like to stay on the west side, and we really dislike guesthouses. What can you recommend?|We have two hotels on the westside, the cheap Cambridge Belfry and the expensive Huntingdon Marriott. Which would you like?
I would prefer the cheaper one. Can you tell me if they offer free parking?|Yes they do have free parking. Would you like me to book a room for you at the Belfry?
I'm not quite sure yet, could I get the address there please?|The address is back lane, cambourne. Can I get you anything else?
Yes, I need you to go ahead and book that for me. I would like to stay for two nights starting on Sunday.|Will it just be you staying or do I need to book other guests as well?
Actually, just send me the address. Thank you.|the cambridge belfry is on back lane, cambourne, cb236bw. Their phone number is 01954714600. Can I help you with anything else?
No, thank you. That is everything I needed.|You're welcome. Enjoy your stay
I am looking for a hotel that is in the expensive price range.|I have 5 hotels in Cambridge that match your request. Is there a particular area of town you are interested in? East? Centre? west? south?
Any area should be fine. The hotel should include free parking and should include free wifi.|Ok.  All five hotels have both free parking and wifi.  How does the university arms hotel sound?
It sounds expensive. Can I have the phone number and area please?|It is in the centre are and the phone number is 0122351241. May I help you with anything else today?
I also want to go to an attraction in the center part of town.|How about The Man on the Moon? It's a concerthall.
That sounds great. May I have the phone number and postcode, please?|Phone number is 01223474144, and postcode is cb12lf
Thank you. I am looking to get a taxi to commute between the two places.|That should be easy, I just need a time and which place you will be leaving from.
I want to leave Man on the Moon at 24:30 and go to the University Arms Hotel.|I have booked you a white Lexus that will arrive by 24:30. The contact number for your driver is 07122328188. Anything else for you today?
That's all for me, thank you for your help.|I'm glad I could be of help.
Would you be able to recommend a museum?|Broughton house gallery	is available, would you like to try that?
That sounds interesting, what is the postcode?|The postcode is cb11ln.  Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
I'm also looking for a place to stay that includes free parking and is moderately priced.|We have 2 hotels and 12 guesthouses across town that fit your price and have parking. Do you prefer a specific type of place or area of town?
The area doesn't matter I prefer a guesthouse. Any one you recommend will be fine.|There are still quite a few guesthouses to consider. I suggest the archway house which is 4 stars. It's in the north of the city.
then book for 1 people and 4 nights starting monday. give me reference number|Booking was successful. Your reference number is G2FVVFV7. Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
That will be all! Thank you so much!|You're welcome!  Have a wonderful day.
Hi, I'm looking for a train going to Stevenage that leaves after 10:30 please.|Where are you leaving from?
I am leaving from Cambridge.|the TR3043 leaves at 11:21 if that works for you.
That sounds like it might work, but what is its arrival time if I may ask?|TR3043 arrives in Stevenage at 12:10.
I would also like to explore the local architecture while in town.  Can you suggest a place to visit?|what about all saints church? its lovely
That sounds great!  Can you give me the address, postcode, and phone number please?|phone is 01223452587 postcode is cb58bs and address is jesus lane
Great, thanks! That'll be all I need. Bye!|enjoy your time
Can you help me find a swimmingpool?|Sure, what part of town are you looking for?
Something in the North, please.|There are two swimming pools in the north side. Would you like more information on either one or is there anything else I can assist you with today?
Yes, I want the address and entrance fee to both please.|jesus green outdoor pool is located between victoria road and the river. There is no entrance fee information availble.
Okay thank you so much!|You are welcome. Do you need anything else?
No, that is it, thank you.|Thank you, goodbye.
I am planning a trip in Cambridge.|Okay, I can help you with that. Where are you heading in from?
I am actually looking for places to go. Specifically, I would like to find a park.|There are some lovely parks in Cambridge, and most are free. Do you have a preference for what area of town the park is in?
In the south, I will also need the postcode of the park.|I'd recommend wandlebury country park, their postcode is cb223ae. Will that be all?
I'm going to need a train too, is that something you can help me do?|Yes. I need more information about your trip first though.
what do you want to know?|Where will you be going?
to cambridge on sunday from london kings cross, I need 7 tickets and the reference number|Do you have a departure time or arrival time that you'd like to narrow the results down with?
I just need it to arrive before 20:45|TR1688 leaves at 13:17 and arrives 14:08.  Is that acceptable?
Is there any other trains?|TR1681 is probably the best one for you. It arrives at 20:08.
Great, thanks! Will you please book 7 tickets, and send me the reference number?|You're all set. Your total is 132.16 GBP. You can pay that at the station. Your Reference number is : GNNG4MNQ. Can I assist you with anything else?
Nope, that's everything for today thank you. Have a great day!|Thanks, have a nice time in Cambridge.  Bye.
I am looking for places in the centre to go to.|There are 44 great attractions to visit! Is there a certain type you were looking for? Perhaps a museum or theatre?
A museum sounds nice.  Do you have a favorite?  I need an address and entrance fee.|My personal favorite is the Museum of Archaeology and Anthropology at University of Cambridge, Downing Street. It even has free admission!
I'll check that out. Can you also find me a train for Monday I'm leaving leicester?|There are about 19 different train schedule for your chosen date. May i know your preferred time of departure?
Sure. I'd like to leave after 09:45. I'm heading to Cambridge.|The earliest train after that time is TR0032. It leaves Leicester at 10:09 and arrives in Cambridge at 11:54. Would that work for you?
That sounds great! What's the total travel time on that? It seems like a long trip.|The duration of the travel is 105 minutes. Can I book it for you?
Yes please. I need the reference number|Can you please tell me how many in your party?
You know, come to think of it maybe I better book later. Some people may not be able to make it. I think that's all I need today. Goodbye.|Thanks for using the service, have a nice day
I am looking for a place called the jesus green outdoor pool.|Absolutely, would you like an address or phone number?
I need the postcode and need to know what type of attraction this is.|It is a swimming pool and the postcode is cb43px.
Thank you. I'm also looking for information on trains to cambride on friday.|Sure thing, where will you be departing from?
Broxbourne. I also prefer a train that leaves after 12:45 on Friday.|The TR7015 leaves at 13:32 and arrives at 14:32. Would you like me to book that for you?
No, thanks. I just need the travel time and price, please.|Certainly.  Travel time is 60 minutes and a ticket costs 17.90 pounds.  What else can I do for you today?
That's all I need for now.  Thank you for the help!|Okay if you decide you need anything else come me.
Will do. Thanks.again. Goodbye!|Thank you for using our system!
I want to find a guesthouse in the south area of Cambridge.|I found a few different options, ranging from cheap to moderate. What is your price range?
Expensive. Thank you.|I do not have an expensive guesthouse in the South.  Would you like to try a different area of town?
Yes, try the north please.|I would suggest avalon. Do you need me to book this?
actually, i still want a place in the south. maybe try a moderate price range.|Bridge guest house is a nice place would you like me to book it for you ?
Do they have free parking?|they have free parking. Shall i book it ?
I'm not quite ready to make a reservation, but can you tell me their postcode and phone number so I can ring them later if I change my mind?|Sure, you can call 01223247942 to reach them and they are found in postcode cb28rj
Great! I am looking for a place to swim, could you find one?|I have a few but there's one located in the centre area. Would you like more information on it?
Yes, please. Can I have the postcode, entrance fee, and address?|Parkside pools is located in the centre, postcode cb11ly. The address is gonville place. There is no entrance fee information listed. Can I help with anything else today?
Yes I also need a taxi to pick me up from the swimming pool and hotel.|I will need a time to be picked up or a time you want to leave before I can book a taxi.
I want to leave the hotel at 01:30.|A black Toyota will pick you up at 11:30. Contact number is 07156228714. Can I help you with anything else today?
no thank you, that will be all! have a good day!|Thanks for using the Cambridge TownInfo Centre. Goodbye!
I'm looking for some colleges to visit in town.|Sidney Sussex (cb23hu) and Gonville and Caius (cb21ta) Colleges are both free to enter, and located on Trinity St. Does that help?
Can I have the phone numbers as well?|Sidney Sussex is 01223338800, and Gonville and Caius is 01223332400
I am also looking for a place to dine. I need something moderately priced in the city's centre please.|There are quite a few in that area.  Do you have a cuisine type preference?
Go ahead and suggest a moderately priced one in the centre area of town.|I would recommend Yippee Noodle Bar
Please reserve a table for 5 people at 11:00 on Monday.|All right, I've booked the table. The reference number is N3HGPU8Y. What else can I help you with?
No, that was everything.  Thanks for your help.  Goodbye!|I forgot to add-Yippee Noodle is located on 40428 King Street City Centre. And you have a great day.
I am planning my trip to Cambridge and looking for a restaurant in the centre that serves italian food. Can you help me?|There are 9 Italian restaurants in town, did you have a price range in mind?
I would like a moderately-priced restaurant.|I found Pizza Express on Regent Street, would you like me to book it for you?
Sure, book it for 3 people at 14:45 on Monday.|Oh dear. I was unable to make that reservation. Could we try another time?
Yes, could we try for 13:45. That would work for me.|I've booked it for 13:45 and your reference number is XEO5JPU2.  Can I help you any further?
Yes, I'd like to find a place to go in the same area as the restaurant.|What type of place would you like to go to?
I want to go to a museum.|I have about 11 different museums in the centre of town. Do you have any certain type of museum in mind. I have art museums, one with antiques, etc.
Whichever one you think, and please provide etrance fee as well.|They are all free. There is williams art and antiques, I like that one.
Great can I also get a taxi to take me between the two places?|Where would you like to leave from and what time?
I just need to ensure the taxi gets me from the museum to the restaurant by my reservation time. Can you swing that?|I got you a red tesla taxi. The contact number is 07456538406.
Okay, that's all I needed. Thank you.|Enjoy your trip and please call back if you need anything else.
Hi, I am looking for a place to stay and it has to have at least a two star rating and free WiFi.|Okay, I found some options to fit your needs on the North side of town and on the east side. Do you have a preference for which area?
No, I'm going to have my car with me so I can get to any part of town. But now that I think of it, I'd like to have free parking.|I have three hotels meeting those requirements, two moderately priced and one expensive.
I would like one with a 2 star rating, if the moderately priced one is 2 stars I'd like to book it for 2 nights starting Thursday.|How many people would you like for that reservation?
I would like to book for 5 people, two nights starting Thursday, if that is not available then Tuesday and the reference number please.|Your booking is complete. Your reference number is BEJRBNDA. Do you need anything else?
i am also looking for a college to visit in town. do you have any suggestions?|I would suggest churchill college
That sounds interesting. What part of town is it in?|it's located in the west.
Can I get the phone number please?|Their phone number is 01223336233.
Great! I think I'll check it out. Thanks for your recommendation!|You're welcome!  Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
I think that will be all. Thank you very much for your help.|You are very welcome. Have a great afternoon.
I'm looking for a train that leaves on Thursday to go to Cambridge.|Where are you departing from?
I am departing from Peterborough and leaving after 14:15.|Do you have a time that you want to arrive by?
no. book for 2 people and give me the reference number.|TR0904 has been booked for 2 people on thursday at 14:48, cost is 33 GBP and reference number is U120DUFH. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
I am also looking for something to do in town. Are there any facilities for multiple sports on the west side?|I'm sorry, there are no multiple sports attractions on the west side of the city. Is there a different type of attraction or a different area you'd like to try?
Can you please recommend a museum and give me their address?|I recommend Kettle's Yard on Castle Street. It is actually free!
Thank you very much, I appreciate your help. Good Bye.|Glad I could be of assistance. Please let me know if I can be of any further assistance.
I'm looking for a swimming pool in town.|There are four swimming pools in Cambridge. Did you want one in a particular part of town?
No, actually it doesn't matter. Can you suggest one and provide me the postcode?|Yes, the Jesus green outdoor pool get the most consistently positive feedback, their postal code is cb43px, can I help with anything else?
I would also like to find a korean restaurant|little seoul is found in the center of town and is in the expensive price range. could you like a reservation?
Yes, a table for 6, please.|I will reserve that for you now.
Hello, are you still there?  You said that you would reserve it but never did anything, it has been 55 minutes.|Oh, I'm sorry about that.  Please excuse me.  What day would you like for the reservation to be made?
That's alright. I need my table to be booked on Sunday.|I need more information on the time for the booking.
We would like 18:45 on sunday for 6 people. I'll need a taxi to go between the two places by the booked time. Please provide contact number and car type.|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Reference number is : U9WFNBHE.  Which direction will you need the taxi for?
I'll need to go between the swimming pool and the restaurant.|Booking was successful.  The car will be a white Toyota and the contact number is 07225283033.  Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, thank you. That was all I needed. Thanks. Bye.|If you are sure you do not need anything?
Howdy! I'm craving some cheap Italian food, you got any place like that?|Yes I recommend zizzi cambridge.  It's in the centre of town.
I would like to book it on Wednesday, for 7 people at 19:00.|Your booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. The reference number is 5D5KCZ65.  Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, I'm also interested in things to do in the centre area. Can you make some suggestions?|Do you have a certain type of attraction you would like?
I'm actually open to anything to recommend as long as its in the centre|We have a lot of architecture in the centre. Holy trinity church and old schools are very nice.
What is old schools? And is there an entrance fee?|Old Schools is an architecture attraction in the centre area of town.  It is free!
That sounds perfect! I think that's all I need for today. Goodbye.|Thanks for using our system today!
I'm viviting Cambridge and would really love to do something while I am here on a boat. Are there any attractions like that?|There are four boat attractions to choose from. I recommend the Riverboat Georgina in the north. Would you like more information about it?
I would love more information, thanks!|Well, the phone number is 01223902091 and the postcode is cb43ax.
Thanks. I'll also need a place to stay on my visit. Could you find me a 3 star hotel nearby?|Do you have a price range in mind?
No, I do not have a price range. Any price range will do.|There are two hotels fitting your requirements. Do you have a regional preference?
Yes, I do. North, please., and I would like a guest house.|Okay, the alpha-milton guest house and hamilton lodge are both in the north, and both have a moderate price. Do you have a preference?
Either will do.  Please book it for 2 people for 4 nights starting Tuesday.|Booking at thw Hamilton Lodge was successful. Your reference number is 3ZVBKBHN. Anything else?
No that is all, thank you.  Good bye.|You are welcome.
I'm looking for a restaurant, can you help?|Sure, do you know what you are looking to eat?
I am wanting a recommendation so it can be any type of food, but I would like something cheap and in the centre of town.|I would highly recommend the Charlie Chan for you. Should I make a booking for you?
Yes can you please and send me the reference number?|Sure.  Can you tell me how many people will be there and when you would like the reservation for?
No problem. I would like it booked for two people at 20:00 on Saturday.|Your reference number is OWA5YKJI. Do you need help with anything else?
I need to know where a fin place ot go is, I dont care what type, just in the cetre area near where I am eating.|I am sorry what is a fin? Can you please rephrase your question?
Sorry, I am looking for a fine attraction which is also in the center of town.|What type of attraction would you like?
Suggest something to me, near the restaurant.|old schools is nice and they are located in the centre
What kind of attraction is that?|Old Schools is an architecture tour.
That sounds interesting. What is the entrance fee?|There is no entrance fee.
Thank you for all your help. That's all I need for now.|Thank you for calling and have a wonderful day. Goodbye.
Hello, can you recommend any architecture that I could see in the Centre of town, please?|Definitely! All Saints Church is a great place to visit, and it's free!
Could I have the address and phone number?|Jesus lane and 01223452587. Do you need help with anything else?
Yes I need to find a place to stay with a 4 star rating in the center of town please.|We have alexander bed and breakfast guesthouse and university arms hotel, do you have an interest in either?
I would want something expensive that has free parking. Do either have those?|University Arms Hotel is both expensive and offers free parking. Would you like me to book a reservation for you?
Yes please. Book for 2 people for 3 night starting Sunday.|Your stay at the University Arms Hotel has been booked for 3 nights starting Sunday, for 2 people. Your confirmation code is FU4Z3J7P.
Thank you, that will be all.|Your welcome, have a great day!
Hi, I'd like to find someplace to go in the west.|There are 13 places you can visit. Do you have a preference?
I don't know what there is, so it's hard to say. Could you recommend something interesting or unusual?|Whale of a Time guarantees you'll leave with a smile. Would you like the address or phone number?
What kind of attraction is that and how much does it cost to get in?|It is entertainment and I do not have any information here on the price.
I also need to find an expensive restaurant that serves traditional food please.|I'm afraid there aren't any in Cambridge.  Is there a different cuisine you might like?
Can you find me something expensive in the Cambridge area that serves Gastropub food?|Here is a good one the slug and lettuce.
Sounds good! I need a table for 3 people at 19:45 on Thursday.|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.Reference number is : P5WGME15.
THank you that is all I need today.|You're welcome. Let me know if I can assist with anything else.
I'm going to a particular attraction called the cambridge punter. I need general information about it.|Yes, The Cambridge Punter is a boat and is located in the centre part of town. The address is 251a Chestertom Road and their phone number is 07807718591.
Thank you for your help!|You're welcome!  Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Yes I also need a train from cambridge to peterborough on Tuesday.|There are 38 trains that meet your needs. Do you have a departure time in mind?
Yes I would like to leave at 17:00.|okay, the TR9395 leaves at 17:06 and arrives by 17:56. Would you like me to book this?
How long will the trip take and how much will it cost?|The trip will take 50 minutes and is 16.50 pounds.  Would you like me to book a ticket for you?
No thank you. I will do that later. But I've got to get to work. Thanks. Goodbye.|Okay, let us know if there is anything else I can help with.
I'm looking for a train to leave on thursday to arrive at broxbourne.|Where would you be departing from?
I will be leaving from Cambridge sometime after 7:00pm.|Train TR0146 should fit the bill. Would you like me to book you passage?
Yes.  I would like to book 4 people.|I've made those reservations the reference number is 2LAGCY07 and the price is 71.59 GBP.
Thank you.  Can yo also find an entertainment attraction in the centre of town?|I am sorry something more specific?
What about an attraction featuring architecture?|I dont have anything of the kind, should I look in another area?
I am looking for a attraction in the type of entertainment please,.|For some reason there are no entertainment attractions in the centre of town, are you able to go to another part of town?
Can you try again? There must be something.|Not in the centre. Do you have any other locations in mind?
how about something to do with architecture in the centre?|There's plenty to choose from, and most of them have free admission.
I would like a architecture in the centre please.|I recommend great saint mary's church, they are at market square, postal cb23pq, phone is 01223350914, entrance fee is 2 pounds but it is worth the admission.  Any further questions?
No, that's it. You've been very helpful. Have a great day|Have a wonderful time.
Thank you very much. Have a great day.|You, too. Thank you for calling. Goodbye.
A friend told me about an attraction called the scott polar museum.|Yes, there is.  It's located in the centre area and has free admission.  Would you like more information about it?
I need the attraction type and address.|The Scott Polar Museum is a museum located on Lensfield Road. Would you also like their phone number?
No but I do need a train that will depart from peterborough and should go to cambridge.|When would you like to depart or arrive?
I'd like to depart after 15:00 on thursday no preference on arrival.|TR8509 will leave Peterborough at 15:19 and arrive in Cambridge at 16:09. Would you like to book tickets on this train?
maybe, what's the duration of the train ride?|The duration of the train ride is 50 minutes.
And how much is a ticket?|The ticket price is 16.50 pounds. Would you like me to book that for you?
No, I think I'll hold off on that. That's it for today. Thanks for your help. Have a great day.|Are you sure that there is absolutely nothing else that you need?
No than kyou.|Ok! Have a great day!
Can you help me find a train leaving by 10:30 going to stansted airport?|What day do you perfre to leave ?
I prefer to leave on Saturday from Cambridge.|I only have a 10:40 on Saturday. Is that going to work for you?
It will arrive by 10:40 or will leave then?  I need to arrive by 10:30.|Yes I am sorry this is the only option I have.
Okay we will be late. I need tickets for 8 people.|This train would have you arriving at 11:08 and is 8.08 pounds per ticket. Would you like for me to book this for you?
If it is the only thing you have than I suppose I have no other choice, so yes. Can I get the reference number as well?|i'm sorry, someone entered the incorrect info. i can actually get you there by 10:08 on the TR2755 train.
Yes could you please book this train for me and send me the reference number.|You are booked, the total fee is 8.08 GBP payable at the station .Reference number is : CPRIO59Y, can I help with anything else?
Yes, help find a place to go in the south part? Say, boating?|Unfortunately there aren't any boating places in the south part of town? Would you like to try another area?
Any area would be fine.|There are two boat options in the centre, and one each in the north and east.  What would your preference be?
Tell me about other entertaiment in the south|I have two listings for entertainment, nusha and tenpin.
I have heard nice things about Tenpin.  Can I please have their address?|Sure! They are at Cambridge Leisure Park, Clifton Way, and their postcode is CB17DY. Can I help you with anything else?
maybe the address to the park|I'm sorry. To which park are you referring?
Sorry, I had a lot of background noise and didn't hear the address for Tenpin. Thank you for your understanding.|Cambridge Leisure Park, Clifton Way, and their postcode is CB17DY.
Thanks very much for your help today.|Thank you for calling Cambridge TownInfo centre! It was a pleasure to serve you, I hope you have a wonderful visit!
Do you have any trains to leicester for Wednesday?|Yes, there are 19 trains running to Leicester on Wednesday, the first at 5:21 and then every hour thereafter. Would you like more specific information, or to book some tickets?
I will be departing from Cambridge after 12:15..|TR2854 leaves at 12:21 would that work for you?
Perfect. I'll need 8 tickets.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 302.39 GBP payable at the station .
Reference number is : J3I2TFTK.
Are there any nice parks in town?|I have 5 different parks in town. Did you have a certain area of town you prefer?
No, any you recommend will be fine. I'll just need a phone number, postcode and address, please?|I'd recommend milton country park on milton country park, milton, cb46az. Their phone number is 01223420060. Will that be all?
Yes, I think that's all I needed. Have a good day. Goodbye.|Thank you for using our service today!
I need to find a hotel in the south please|I'm sorry, but I'm experiencing a system error. Can you please restate your request?
Uh, I want to find a place to go in town.  I really want to look at some of the colleges.|Certainly. The town has many colleges to look at. Is there any particular area of the town you'd like to narrow it down to?
Not really.  Any college would be great.|How about Christ's College? It's located in the centre of town at Saint Andrew's Street.
That sounds great! What's the postcode?|The postcode is cb23bu. Anything else I can find for you?
Could you look up Don Pasquale Pizzeria for me? I'd like to know the postcode.|Certainly. The postcode is cb23nj.
Can I book a taxi from Christ's College to Don Pasquale Pizzeria?|Sure.  When will you need the taxi?
Actually I need to go from the restaurant to the college. I'd like to leave by 7:15.|A blue Volvo will pick you up at the pizzeria.  The contact number is 07889066606.  Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, that will be all.  Thank you.|You're very welcome. Thank you and goodbye!
Hi, I need a place to stay in the north please.|Absolutely. There are two hotels and a number of guesthouses in that area. Do you have a preference?
I'd like a moderately priced place that offers free parking and WiFi.|I have many to choose from do you prefer a guesthouse or hotel with these amenities?
I'd prefer a hotel.|We have two places, ashley hotel and lovell lodge, would you like more info on either of those?
I'd be interested in the Ashley Hotel. I would like places to go around the area that are multiple sports attractions.|There are no matches for multiple sports in the north, I can look up something else.  Also wanted to double check, do you still want info on ashley hotel?
How about you look for a type of boat.|There is the riverboat georgiana in that area. There is no entrance fee listed, but would you like the phone number?
Yes, please give me the phone number. That sounds great!|Their phone number is 01223902091.
Thank you. That's all.|Thanks for using our service today. Have a good day.
Hello!  This is my first time to Cambridge, can you recommend a good, expensive restaurant in the centre?|Do you want British food?  If so, the Cambridge Chop House is popular.   You are in luck as there is a wide range of options.
Actually, I'm in the mood for Cantonese food. Are there any like that?|I don't have any Cantonese restaurants in the centre. I could try another cuisine or another area?
OK.  How about an expensive Japanese restaurant?  I'd like to treat myself!|There is one of those- it is called wagamama. Would you like to make a reservation?
Sure. Book it for 4 people at 11:45 on a saturday.|Your table is reserved. The reference number is BS73EYWV.
What other local attractions are there to explore?|There are several. Vue Cinema is a popular attraction. Would you like the address?
No I would prefer a museum.|There are 11 found. how about the broughton house gallery?
What is the post code, address, and entree fee?|The postal code is cb11ln, address is 98 King Street, and the entrance is completely free.
That sounds good.  I also need to book a taxi to go from the Vue to the restaurant by my booked time.|I have booked you a black volvo. The contact number is 07018935922. How else may I assist you today?
Great, thanks for all of your help! You have been wonderful!|You're very welcome! Text us back anytime, and have a wonderful visit in Cambridge!
Hi. Would you happen to be able to suggest a museum in the east side of town?|I found the Cambridge Museum of Technology. It is located at the old pumping station on Cheddars Lane. There is an entrance fee of 5 pounds.
Great, that is very helpful. Thank you.|Can I help you with anything else?
Yes. I am also looking for an expensive restaurant that serves indian food.|There are 14 expensive Indian restaurants in Cambridge. Do you know what part of town you would like to be in?
Yes I would like it in the same part of town as the museum please.|The Pipasha Restaurant is also in the East part of town and fits your criteria.  Would you like me to book it for you?
Can you book it for 7 people for 18:00 on Wednesday and then send me the reference number?|Sure thing! The reference number is 06G0MUZE. Is there anything else I can do for you?
No, thank you, that was everything I needed for today!|You're welcome!  Enjoy your trip!
Hello, are their any trains going to leicester?|Yes, many! Do you know what day you're traveling?
I am traveling on Saturday and I want to arrive by 15:15. I will be departing from Cambridge.|The earliest you could arrive is 7:06. Would you like to try a different day?
Is there a time between 07:06 and 15:15?  Please check again.|Sure! There's one that arrives at 15:06.
Are you able to book that for me?|Yes, would you like a reference number?
Can you book it for me and get a reference number ?|Sure, I can do that.  How many tickets would you like me to book?
I need 8 tickets, please.|i booked that for you. your reference number is 12pc3j4w.
Thanks so much. I also needed to find out more information about Clare College.|They are in the west 2.50.  On trinity lane, postal cb21tl.  Entrance fee is 2.50 pounds, any further questions?
I also need to find something to do.|There are many different options available to you. What type of attraction are you looking for?
I'm sorry. I just need a little more information on Clare College. May I have the phone number, please?|Certainly, they can be reached at 01223333200, any other questiosn today?
What area are they located?|Clare College is in the west.
Ok thank you for the information.|Have a nice day.
Hello, I need a train that will be departing from Birmingham New Street on monday.|Many trains leave from Birmingham New Street on Monday. What time of day would you like to travel?
I would like to leave for Cambridge after 13:00.|TR1328 leaves Birmingham New Street at 13:40 and arrives in Cambridge at 16:23. Would you like to purchase a ticket?
Yes, I'll need 8 ticket on that train, please. And may I have the reference number?|Your booking was successful. The total fee is 600.79 GBP, payable at the station, and your reference number is 35RQLG92.
Can you also help me find a place to visit while I am in town. Maybe a museum?|There are 23 museums. Which area would you like?
I don't have a preference. Could you just give me the phone number of the first museum on the list please?|The first museum is the Broughton House Gallery. Their phone number is 01223314960. Is there anything else I can help you with?
That's all I need, Thank you.|We appreciate your business. Thank you for using our services, take care!
I'm looking for a restaurant in west part of town with cheap food.|There are 2 restaurants in that area that serve cheap food, one that serves Italian food the other Vietnamese, are you interested in either of these?
Can I get the address and phone number of the Vietnamese one?|Of course! The phone number for Thanh Binh is 01223362456. How else may I help you?
I'm looking for attractions in the category of colleges, any suggestions?|I am showing a wide selection for College Attractions.    To better assist me was there anything specific you were wanting to do, and was price a concern?
What areas of town are they in?|They're located in either the centre or the west.
Tell me about the ones in the west. And can I get the address for Thanh Binh?|The address for Thanh Binh is 17 Magdalene Street City Centre. Is there a particular type of attraction that you would like to know more about?
No, I also need a taxi to get between the two place.|I would need to know what attraction you are looking at before being able to book a taxi.
Yes, it's going to be one of the college...I need a suggestion for that. I need to leave the attraction by 2:00 to go to the restaurant.|There are a couple of good colleges to visit in that area. Would you like to go to one that is free?
Sure, that sounds great.  I just need that taxi to take me from Thanh Binh to the college.|How does Churchill College sound? I can definitely reserve a taxi for you. What time would you like to arrive at the restaurant?
I want to get to the college by 02:00.|It has been booked the car will be a yellow audi contact number 07021104597.
Okay great, that's all I needed today!|Wonderful! Have a great day!
I'm looking for fun things to do in the center of town.|There are 44 different attractions in the centre area, were you looking for an entertainment venue?
You choose for me. I just need the address and postcode.|There is the Holy Trinity Church. Their phone number is 01223355397. The post code is cb23nz. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I don't think a Church is a place to have fun in town. Could you find me a restaurant instead?|Sure. There are a total of 110 restaurants in town. Do you have any preferences that would narrow down the list?
Yes I am looking for one called peking restaurant. I'd like a reservation for 8 on Friday.|I found the listing for Peking restaurant in the south not the centre.  If this is acceptable what time can I put the 8 of you down for?
put me down for 12:30|STAUDCT0 is your confirmation number
I'll also need a cab from the church to the restaurant, please.|What time would you like to leave the church?
I want to leave with enough time to get to the restaurant at 12:30.  How long will the cab ride be?|I have booked a yellow toyota for you.  Their number is 07739750198.  I do not know how long the cab ride is, I apologize.
Thank you, it's fine.|Do you need anything else today?
No, that's all. Thank you.|Thank you for using our service! Goodbye!
Where's the train that leaves around 14:45? It should also be going to cambridge as well.|I need more info on the departure site, date and time, please
I want to leave from Stevenage on Thursday.|The TR1596 leaves stevenage at 15:54.
How long is the travel time?|The travel time is 49 minutes for that route. Is there anything else I can help with today?
i'm also looking for stuff to do while i'm there.|I can help with that. Is there a certain type or location you are looking for these attractions?
I am looking for something in the west and in the theatre.|I have no theatre in the west can I look in another area?
Ok, what about an entertainment venue instead?|I found an entertainment venue called "Whale of at Time" in the west. Does this interest you?
That's great, can you give me the phone number, postcode, and if there's an entrance fee?|the post code is cb238el and the phone number is 01954781018. i do not have the entrance fee information. can i help you with anything else?
No that's it for today! Bye bye|Thank you so much! I hope you enjoy Whale of a Time - I heard its a great show!
I'm going to be in centre Cambridge and am looking for something to do.  Suggestions?|Yes I have many options. You could visit architecture, a museum, the theater or the cinema. Which do you prefer? There are also a lot of famous colleges to see.
How about a college?|There are thirteen colleges in central Cambridge. Corpus Christi, for example, is located at King's Parade. Trinity College is located at Trinity Street. Would you like more information?
I would like to see more information about Corpus Christi.|Of course.  It is located in the town centre, on King's Parade.  The cost is 2 pounds and you can call them at 01223338000.  Is there anything else I could help you with?
I would like the postcode for Corpus Christi too.|The postcode is cb21rh. Is there anything else I can help with?
I would also like to book a place to stay, please.|We have many different hotels. Is there a particular part of town you would like to stay in?
I would like a moderate priced guesthouse if possible.|Of course! Are you looking for a certain part of town? How about amenities?
I would like for it to have free wifi.|We do not have any located in Centre Cambridge.  We do have 14 locations in the area that offer moderate pricing and internet.  Is there a better area?
Any area of town is fine for the guesthouse. Pick your favorite and book 4 nights starting on Saturday for 2 people, please.|I've booked you a room at the lovely Avalon (ref#3OK8ZQ7U). Can I help with anything else today?
Actually, yes.  Can you book a taxi leaving Corpus Christi College by 24:15?|Booking completed! Please look out for a Black Audi. The contact number is 07752731336. Is there anything else I can help with?
Okay great. You've been a lot of help.|Thank you for using Cambridge TownInfo centre.
I am going to be staying in north cambridge and need a hotel, I can pay for parking.|Ashley hotel is available.
Oh, I have heard of that.  Is in in the North part of town?  I am looking for a place in the moderate price range also.|Yes is it moderate and in the North side of town. Would you like to book there?
Sure, that seems fine.|Ok.  What day would you like to book for?
Before you book, I just want to make sure--does it have a 4 star rating?|No, it is a two star hotel. Could you recheck and restate your perimeters to me?
How many stars, area, and price.|It's in the north, moderately priced and has a 2 star rating.
No, I'm sorry, I should have specified. I need a 4 star place to stay.|I'm sorry. I don't have anything that matches your preferences.
Are you sure? I need a 4-star, moderately-priced hotel in the North part of town, and I don't need free parking.|Again nothing, I could search again but doubt that a new hotel was constructed there during the last couple minutes.  Are you open to a guesthouse or different area?
I'm definitely open to a guesthouse.|do you need free internet?
Doesn't matter if it does to me.|We do have some. The acorn guest house is quite nice, when are you planning your stay?
Well I would just need the postcode. Sorry for all the confusion !|The acorn guest house postcode is cb41da.
Thanks. Are there any cinemas around the guest house?|No there is not. Would you like me to check in a different area?
What about something to do with boats?|There is riverboat georgina would you like the address and phone number? The entrance fee isn't listed.
Great, I will also need a taxi to leave the hotel by 20:15. I will need the car type and contact number.|Okay I have booked you a taxi and your contact number is 07925606670 and they will be driving a black Toyota.
Have a nice day.|Thank you, you too.
I am looking for the soul tree nightclub.|That's a great spot for nightlife! It's located in the city centre and they only charge 4 pounds for their entrance fee.
What area is it located in and what is the postcode?|The postcode is cb23qf. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Yes, I'm looking for a train to Cambridge on Monday.|I can certainly help you with that. Where will you be departing from?
Stansted Airport. I'll need a train that leaves after 10:45.|I have train TR5754 that will be departing at 11:24 and will arrive by 11:52. Do you think that would work for you?
Yes that will work. Can we book for 5 people?|Booking was successful, the total fee is 50.5 GBP payable at the station. Reference number is 7TR7SDNQ.
Thanks!  That's all I need for today.  Goodbye.|Thank you and have a good trip.
I need a place  to stay in the north that includes free parking. What options are available?|I can help you with that.  Acorn Guesthouse is a moderately priced offering with 4-stars.  Is this something you would be interested in?
Yes, that is perfect thank you.|Would you like me to book a room for you?
No thanks, just gathering information for now.|Here is the acorn guest house phone number in case you would like to contact them. Their number is 01223353888. Is there anything else I may assist you with?
No. That is all for now.|Okay, have a great day!
Thank you, have a great day, as well.|Okay great, farewell!
could you provide some information about the colleges you have in town?|Okay! What part of town would you like to visit?
It does not matter.|christ's college is a beautiful college. You would love it !
Great, may I please have the address?|Christ's college is in the centre of town. Their address is saint andrew's street
i am looking for a place to dine. The restaurant should be in the west and should be in the expensive  book a table for 1 people at 14:30 on saturday|We have 14 places with all kind of food type, any preference?
Hm, I guess a chinese place would be good.|I'm sorry but I have no Chinese in this area. Could we try another area or type of food?
Indian food sounds good as well, how about that? The area and price must stay the same. Really anything is fine I don't care.|I'm sorry, there are no expensive Italian restaurants in the area either. How about a cheaper option?
Well then find me another type of expensive restaurant. Book it for 1 person for Saturday at 14:30.|Done! I have booked you a table at Travellers Rest, which will be reserved for 15 minutes. The reference number is 86LRTWFF. Can I help you with anything else?
Yes, I'll also need a taxi to commute between the two locations. I'll need to arrive at the restaurant by the dining time.|Booking completed!
Booked car type	:	grey skoda
Contact number	:	07328070350
Thanks.  That is all I need for today.  Bye.|Bye, have a good time.
I am looking for a restaurant that serves mediterranean food.|There are 3 choices do you want cheap or expensive?  I can book one for you if you'd like.
Any in the town centre?|Yes, all 3 are in the town center. Would the gardenia work for you?
I definitely want someplace expensive. Does the Gardenia fit that description?|No that's the cheaper choice, La Mimosa and Shiraz Restaurant are both in the expensive price range.
Can you book a table for seven people on Thursday at 15:00?|Would you like a table at La Mimosa or Shiraz?
I'll try Shiraz.|I am sorry that was unsuccessful. Would you like book another day or time?
How about 14:00 on the same day?|I can check on that for you. Yes, I was able to get your reservation set up for 14:00 for 7 on Thursday. Your reference number is O8HA0MSF.
Thanks. I'd also like to find an interesting attraction in the same area as our restaurant.|Would you be interested in checking out some neat architecture? There are lots of church's in town, many of them are free to visit.
Yes, one of those would be fun. Can you get me their postcode and phone number?|Alright, the address to the Holy Trinity church is market street, postcode cb23nz, phone number 01223355397
That sounds like a great suggestion.  Thank you for your help today.  Bye.|Can I assist you with anything else or will that be all for you today?
I am looking for an Italian restaurant in the centre of town.|Absolutely. What price range are you looking for?
I don't really care.|stazione restaurant and coffee bar is an italian restaurant in the centre area. would you like me to make you a reservation?
Yes please, four people on tuesday at 18:00|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : DL0PXR9G. May I help with anything else ?
Can you tell me if you happen to have any nightclubs in town?|yes we have 5 all in the centre of town.
Great.  Can I get the information about one of them?|Sure the Ballare costs 5 pounds to get in and is located in the center at Heidelberg Gardens, Lion Yard.
What is the postcode for that one?|The postcode for the Ballare is cb23na. Would you like any other information?
I also need a taxi.|For the reservation of the taxi, can you tell me your pickup and drop off locations?
Yes Ely to Cambridge please. Thanks|You want a train from Ely to Cambridge, is this right? I also need a travel date and departure or arrival time.
I'm sorry, there's someone talking here and getting me turned around. I'd like a taxi from the nightclub to the restaurant, early enough to make my reservation.|i have booked a yellow volvo with contact 07259480629
that is it for today thanks.|You are welcome. Have a marvelous time in Cambridge. Thank you for reaching out to Cambridge TownInfo centre. Goodbye.
I'm looking for a place to stay, can you help me out?|I sure can.  What type of place are you looking for?
I'm looking for a guesthouse that's moderately priced.|That's great information, but so many options! Is there a part of town that you would like to stay or other amenities you would like to have while in town?
Something moderately priced, but a 4 star accommodation. And I would like free wifi too please.|There are 11 options which fit your requirements. What part of town do you prefer?
Preferably in the centre. Would like a reservation for 5 people, for 5 nights beginning Wednesday. Also looking for places to go in the centre as well.|There are no places to stay in Centre matching your request.  Would you like to try another part of town?
Sure, let us try the North.|I would either recommend Avalon or Limehouse.  Both are great guesthouses.  Which of those would you like me to book for you?
Let's go with the Avalon. Could you make it for 5 people for 5 nights? We want to arrive Wednesday.|Perfect I have  you booked at the Avalon for 5 nights and 5 people, the reference number is I3B3EKYI. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I'm also looking for places to go around town|Do you have a specific area or attraction type in mind?
I would like to be in the centre, please provide me with an entrance fee, a phone number and post code.|Please provide me with attraction type preference that you may have so that I can narrow down to a few choices.
I need it in the centre and you can make a suggestion.|Ruskin gallery is a museum in the centre of town and very popular. The entreance is free.
Please give me their phone number and postcode|The phone number is 01245493131 and post code is cb11pt.
Thank you very much. I think that is all the information I need today!|You are welcome. Enjoy your trip. Goodbye
I am looking for a place to stay in the north of town.|Sure, there are several guesthouses and a few hotels.  Do you have a preference?
I'm looking for a moderately priced place in the north side of town.|Do you need wifi or parking?
Yes, I'd like both free wifi and parking.|I have lots of options what price range?
i already told you. moderately priced.|The Archway House is a guesthouse that meets your criteria. It has 4 stars. Would you like to make a reservation?
Yes, please. 7 people for 3 nights starting monday.|I can make a reservation for you. Will you need anything else? How about a nice restaurant?
I need a reservation for Archway House, did you make it? I need the reference number, please.|I am sorry but my system is down at the moment so I cannot book it.  Here is the their phone # 01223575314 or we can try again later.
Do you know any other hotels that fit my criteria which you could contact at the moment?|I am unable  to find something else at this time, sorry.
Do you have any other suggestions?|Thank you for your patience, I was able to get the booking to go through this time.  The reference number is 29IYANNC
Is there any attraction in town near where I am staying?|There are a couple of swimming pools and a park near the guesthouse.
How much is the entrance fee?|I don't have entrance fee info for most of the attractions, but I do know that the Milton Country Park is free.
I am also going to need a ride between the two places please.|OK, where to and from and what time?
Archway House to Milton Country Park by 15 00|I've booked a black honda for you. The contact number is 07362020310
Thank you so much!|You are welcome. Do you need further help with restaurants or trains?
No, all my questions were answered. Thank you much. Goodbye.|I hope you enjoy your trip. Have a great day.
Looking for a place to go to in the centre area that has interesting architecture.|The holy trinity church is located in Centre and has interesting architecture its located on  	market street and its postcode and phone number is cb23nz and 01223355397
That sounds like just what I was looking for.|Excellent! Have a great day!
One more thing, could you help me find a train from cambridge?|I'd be happy to! Can you tell me more about your trip, such as your destination and when you'd like to travel?
I'm heading to Bishops Stortford, and I need to arrive by 14:00 on Friday.|I would recommend the TR3847 train that arrives at 06:07. Will that work?
Is there anything a little later in the day? 6 am is rather early.|How about Train TR8078? It leaves at 11:29 and arrives by 12:07.
Thats perfect,can you book it for me ?|Yes, how many tickets would you like?
Actually I want to book it myself. Can I just get the price and travel time on that?|The price is 10.10 pounds. The travel time is 38 minutes. May I help you with anything else?
Thank you so much! I appreciate all your help.|No problem.  Just want to make sure you have all of the information you need?
That is all I needed. Thank you and goodbye!|That will be all. You're welcome, goodbye!
Goodbye! Have a great day!|Feel free to call in case you need something.
I will be in Cambridge soon and look forward to seeing at least one of your attractions.|We have so many wonderful attractions. Can you please tell me what area you would like to be in?
I am actually searching for one recommended by a friend. It's called the cherry hinton I believe.|We have three different attractions with cherry hinton.  I have the cherry hinton water play in the east.  Is that the one you were looking for?
It's name is called the cherry hinton village centre. Do you have that?|Yes I do have that attraction in my system. What information do you need in regard to it?
What kind of attraction is it and what are the entrance fees?|the cherry hinton village centre is a multiple sports venue. I'm sorry but I don't have the entrance fee. Is there anything else that I can help you with?
Yes, I need a hotel. It should be rated two stars and have free wifi.|Okay.  I would recommend the Ashley Hotel in the North if you are looking for a two-star hotel.  Would this be acceptable or do you need another area?
Ashley hotel is fine. Can you book a room for me starting from Saturday for 3 nights for 3 people? I will need the reference number.|Your reference number is CP54UMZF.  Can I help you further today?
thats it, thanks so much!|Great to hear, you have a great day now!
I'm planning my trip to Cambridge and am looking for a particular hotel.|Can you tell me the name please ?
it is called avaion.|Avalon is a guesthouse in the north.  It has a moderate price range and four stars.  There is free wifi too.  Would you like the address?
Can you make me a booking for 5 people, for 4 nights, starting on Saturday?|I booked that for you and your reference number is 08BQQ5D1. Is there anything else I can do for you?
Thank you so much, are there any theatres in the centre of town?|There are 4 theatres in the centre. I would recommend the mumford theatre.
Could I get the address there please?|Yes their address is 62 Gilbert Road
Yes, I am visiting cambridge, and would like to know what theatres are available in town|There are 5 theatres. Will you be in the centre or south part of Cambridge?
Oh I'm not picky, can you pick one for me?|I'm going to recommend The Junction for you.  It's located on Clifton Way.  Would you like the phone number to see what is playing and when?
No thank you. However, I am looking for a train. I need to depart from London Kings Cross and travel to Cambridge.|When would you like to travel?
Wednesday and I need to leave after 13:30 please.|TR0397 will leave at 15:17 and arrive at 16:08. Would you be interested in booking this train?
Yes, that would be fine. I need to make the booking for 8 people, please.|I've booked that for you.  The reference number is 1LHOCOGA.  Anything else I can do for you?
That is all. Thank you, good bye.|Please contact us anytime. Goodbye.
I'm trying to find a train that goes to Cambridge arriving by 09:15.|Where would you be departing from?
I'll be leaving birmingham new street on Thursday|The TR4235 arrives at 8:23 and costs 75.10 pounds.  How does that sound?
that sounds great can you book that for me?|I have booked train ID TR4235 at a cost of 75.10 pounds.  Your reference number is 4TUDSXPZ.
Great, thanks!  I'm also looking for some places to visit in town.  Are there any theaters your recommend?|I have about 5 different theatres around town. If you would like a recommendation, I would suggest Mumford Theatre in the city centre. Would you like more info about it?
Any type is fine, can I get the address and entrance fee of one?|Sure the address is Anglia Ruskin Enterprise, East Road and I am unfortunately unable to see an entrance fee. Can I help with anything else?
That's all thanks.|Thank you for using our service.
Can you find me a moderately priced chinese restaurant please|Certainly! There are 4; 3 in city centre, and 1 in the north. Do either of these areas look good?
Yes, the one in the north does.|I have the golden wok phone 01223350688 postcode cb43hl.  It is located in the north and a moderate price. Should I book this for you?
Yes please - could you make a reservation for 4 people at 12:15 on Saturday?|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : YI8BKDR2. Is there anything else I can do for you?
Yes are there any parks in the same area as the restaurant?|Yes there is 1 park in the same area. It is Milton County Park. WOuld you like more information?
Yes could I please get the phone number.|Phone is 01223420060. Do you need anything else?
Yes, I would like a taxi to go from the two places and make sure it arrives to the restaurant by the booked time.|Okay, I've got you booked with a grey Lexus.
Can I please get the taxi company's contact phone number?|Their number is 07607417770, is there anything else I can do?
That is everything, thank you.|Thank you for contacting Cambridge TownInfo centre. Goodbye!
Hi, can you fill me in on some details about a place called jesus green outdoor pool, please?|It's a swimming pool in the North. Phone # is 01223302579 and it's between victoria road and the river. Anything else I can help you with?
That is the full address that you mentioned?|Sure.  The address showing is between victoria road and the river.  Again, their phone number is 0122330257.  Can I help with anything else?
Yes I'd like some info on a place to eat in the centre.|There are many to choose from! Did you have a type of food or price range in mind? I like Shanghai Family Restaurant, myself. It's a moderately-priced Chinese restaurant.
I'd like an expensive world food restaurant.|I am not showing an expensive world restaurant in the centre.  Would you like to try other areas?
How about one that serves gastropub food instead?|I have two places in the Centre fitting that criteria.
Is it expensive?|Yes, both of the gastropubs in the center of town are expensive. I recommend the BackStreet Bistro.
That sounds good.  Can you book it for 4 at 12:15 on Friday, please?|I was able to book it reference number is T2VZ7MJU
Great!  I also need a taxi to commute between the swimming pool and the restaurant, please.|You are welcome! Please call us back if you need anything further.
Yes,  i was wondering if there are any cinemas in the centre of town.|Vue Cinema is in the center of town.
Can i get their phone number?|The number is 08712240240. Is there anything else can I do?
Thank you. I am all set.|You are welcome. Have a nice day!
I would like to book a hotel.|There are 33 hotels to pick from, what type of hotel do you prefer and what area would you like to stay in?
The hotel should be rated 2 stars and should include frees parking.|I have two hotel meeting those criteria in the north and one in the east. Any preference?
should be in the expensive price range.|No problem. Express by Holiday Inn Cambridge is in the east. Phone 01223866800. Address is 15-17 Norman Way, Coldhams Business Park cb13lh.
Can you book it for 2 people we can staying for 5 nights starting Monday?|You are booked.  Reference KCC745Y7.  You will have a great time I'm sure.  Anything else I can do for you?
No that takes care of it thank you|Before I let you go, do you need info on a restaurant, an attraction or travel arrangements?
Well, I supposed you could help me to find a place to go in town.|I sure can!  What kind of attraction are you interested in?
It does not matter. I am looking for a place to go in the West, please.|My recommendation is the Cafe Jello Gallery at 13 Magdalene Street. Admission is free.
Can you also find me a taxi?|Certainly.  Where do you want to depart from and at what time?
I need to get from the gallery to the hotel. I want to leave the gallery at 14:30.|No problem.  I was able to book a taxi for you.  It will be a red skoda and the contact number is  07170717673.  Is there anything else?
Thank you! That is all I need.|Thank you for contacting us and have a nice day.
I am looking for the adc theatre.|The ADC Theatre is located in the center of town, on Park Street. Would you like their phone number?
Sure, and may I have their exact address please?|Park Street, post code cb58as. Anything else?
I am also looking to stay in a 4 star hotel that includes free parking.|In what area would you like it?
I don't care about the area but I would like to make sure it is a hotel.|The University Arms Hotel in the centre is very nice, or a more budget-friendly option is The Cambridge Belfry in the west. Would you like to book a room at one?
i want one that has a 4 star rating.|Both of them are 4 star hotels. The Cambridge Belfy has a cheap price range. The University Arms Hotel has an expensive price range. What is your preference?
Lets try Cambridge Belfy and book it for 4 people and 3 nights starting from friday.|Booking was successful. Your reference number is: PLVGFKHD.
I want to book a taxi as well to leave my hotel at 21:15.|You have a red Volkswagen taxi with contact number 07430238661 bringing you from the hotel to adc theatre. Is there anything else?
Thank you so much for all your help today. That's all I need. Goodbye.|Okay have a good day!
I am visiting Cambridge and need a place to stay in the moderate range that has free internet.|I have 17 entries that meet your needs. Can you tell me what area of town you wish to stay in?
The hotel should be in the north|There are 2 hotels and 8 guesthouses in the north that are moderately priced. May I recommend Arbury Lodge Guesthouse? They're a 4 star guesthouse with free Internet and parking.
ok, that's fine. i want to book a room there.|What day do you need booked for and how many days will you be staying?
I'll be staying for 3 nights starting on saturday.|Great! How many people will be staying?
I need it for 2 people.|I have made the reservations for you the reference number is 2KS3IN63.
Great. I also am looking for somewhere to go near the hotel. Preferably an architecture attraction that I can visit nearby.|I'm not finding any architecture attractions in the north. Would you like a different type of attraction?
How about a swimmingpool?|How about jesus green outdoor pool? I hear it's lovely
May I have the phone number and postcode ?|post code cb43px, and you can call them at 01223302579.  Do you need further information?
Yes, I am going to need a ride there. Can you help me reserve a taxi?|Definitely I have arranged a Red Tesla to pick you up at 2:00. The contact number is 07682046722. Does that work for you?
It does Thank You have a good day.|Is there anything else I can help you with?
Not today, thank you!|You're welcome, have a great time.
Where can I find the best architecture?|You must see great saint mary's church!!
Sounds great. Can I get the address and postcode for that?|Certainly! It is located in Market Square, which is in the center of town, and the postcode is CB23PQ. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Please book the ticket.|I'm sorry, I do not understand your request. Would you like help with anything else?
Yes, could you suggest some thai restaurants in the area?|You didn't select restaurant so I can not assist. Please fix.
I am looking for a train from London Kings Cross to Cambridge. I need to leave after 15:15 on Friday.|TR8842 will leave at 15:17 and arrive by 16:08. Would you like to make a reservation?
Sounds great I need reservations for 7. I also need the reference number.|Great, you're booked. The reference number is : WEHJ6M9J. Anything else I can help you with today?
Can you call the police because my purse was snatched as i sitting on this bench talking to you.|Absoluting I will get right on that.
Jaja.. You're funny. Thanks for all your help today. Have a great day! Goodbye|of course, enjoy your visit!
I need information on the scott polar museum|Ok. What kind of information are you looking for?
I need the type, the phone number and the postcode for it please.|It is a museum, the phone number is 01223336540 and the postcode is cb21er
Great! Thanks for all your help.|Can I help you with anything else?
Nope, that's all I needed today. Thanks!|Thank you, have a great day!
I am looking for a college in the west.|There are five colleges in the west. Three are free, the other two have entrance fees of 2.50 pounds. Do the entrance fees affect your plans at all?
No, suggest one and let me know the fee and phone number.|Churchill College is located on Storey's Way. There is no entrance fee. The phone number is 01223336233.
Thanks.  Can you also help me find a train leaving from Cambridge?|And what is your destination and day of travel please?
I want to get to Bishop Stafford on Tuesday.|What time of day would you like to leave?  I have a number of trains that may work for you.
I would like to leave after 17:45.|I have train TR5928 available that departs at 19:29 and arrives at 20:07. Would you like me to book you a ticket?
No. I just need to know the price.|The price is 10.10 pounds. Can I help you with anything else today?
how long will it take?|The travel time is 38 minutes.
Thank you. That is all for today.|you are welcome. it was good working with you.
Can you find me an expensive restaurant in the centre?|There are 33 restaurants in the Centre.  What kind of food are you looking for? Or is there a certain price range that you need?
I am looking for an expensive restaurant that serves Indian food.|Yes I have the Curry Garden at 106 Regent Street City Centre. Would you like their telephone number?
I would actually like to book it for 6 people at 13:45 on Sunday.|That booking was unsuccessful. Would you like to try a different day or time?
Can you try to book for 6 at 12:45 instead? And if it is availabe, can I get a reference number for my booking?|The booking was successful. The reference number is W3EIFXN1. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Could you tell me about a place to go in town, maybe a college?|There are 5 colleges in my search. Is there a specific area you want it to be in?
There is not. Can you give me the address for one of the colleges? Also I would like to know which area it is in.|christ's college is in the centre of town at saint andrew's street
That sounds good.  What's the address?|Hold on while I look up the address for Christ's College.
Thank you. Please tell me the area and address of Christ's College.|It is the centre and the address is saint andrew's street.
Great thank you for all your help, that's all I needed today.|You're welcome. Have a nice evening.
Hello.  I'm trying to find some places to go in town.  Can you help me with that?|Yes, what kind of a place are you looking for?
museum in the centre of town|I have several, is there a special one in mind?
Could you please name some for me? I'll need the entrance fee too please|Primavera and the Castle Galleries are two of my favorites.  They are both free.
They sound OK, I guess. Are there any more entertaining things to do in the centre?|Unfortunately I cannot find anything strictly categorized as entertainment in that area can you provide more specifications?
Just a museum in the centre. I also need a train leaving on monday from leicester to cambridge leaving after 15:30.|Do you have a particular time you'd like to arrive by? There are quite a few options for trains leaving Monday.
I'd just like to leave after 15:30, not really concerned with arrival time.|TR2985 leaves leicester at 16:09 and arrives in cambridge at 17:54.  Would you like help booking tickets for this train or another one?
I will the 16:09 one.Thanks|No problem with booking the train, I just need to know how many people (tickets) you're going to need.
I'll just need 1 ticket and I'll want to know the price as well.|I have booked to for 1 ticket, the price is 37.80 payment due at the station the train number is TR2985
Okay, than you so much for your help! Goodbye!|Thank you for calling Cambridge TownInfo centre.  Feel free to call again if you need anything else.  Have a great day and enjoy your visit.
Can you recommend a restaurant in the center of Cambridge that has moderate prices?|Sure thing but first can you tell me what kind of food you like?
I would like Italian food.|Pizza Express in the centre, would you like me to make you a reservation?
No thank you. I just need the post code for now.|cb21db. Is there anything else?
Yes,  I would like some places to visit while I'm in town. Perhaps something in the same area as the restaurant.|May I suggest the Castle Galleries, it's a museum also in the centre area. Admission is free.
Can I get their phone number please?|There number is 01223307402
I also need to book a taxi to get from the restaurant to the museum. I plan on leaving the restaurant by 14:00.|How many people in the taxi?
It is just me by myself|Your taxi has been booked. It will be a red Skoda and their contact number is 07842186730.
Thanks so much! That is all I need. Have a good day!|Thank you have a great day!
Hi, can you help me find a train out of Cambridge please?|I can.  Where will you be traveling to?
I'll be headed to Peterborough, and I need to leave after 15:45.|And what day are you traveling?
We would like to leave on Wednesday please.|There are 16 trains headed to Peterborough that leave after 15:45.  Do you have a preference on when you arrive in Peterborough?
No, I don't really care when we arrive as long4 as the departure is after 15:45|The TR7706 leaves at 16:05 and arrives in Peterborough by 16:56. Would you like me to book some tickets for you?
Yes book the tickets,also I want places to go in town and I want it to be at the center of the town.|In the center of town we have vue cinema, cambridge contemporary art and castle galleries.
I got ahead of myself, sorry.  I don't need the train tickets just yet, but can you tell me the travel time for TR7706?|Yes, train TR7706 has a duration of 50 minutes.
Thank you.  Can please also confirm the phone number, post code, and address?|Yes, the cambridge contemporary art museum can be found at 6 trinity street, postcode cb21su, phone number 01223324222.
Perfect, that is all that I needed.  Thank you so much for your help!|You're welcome. Have a nice day. Good bye.
i am looking for a place to dine. The restaurant should be in the west and should serve swiss food.|I'm sorry, but there are no Swiss restaurants anywhere in Cambridge. Would you like to try a different cuisine?
No, thank you. That's disappointing.|Are you sure? We have many fine restaurants in town!
On second thought, how about a restaurant that serves british cuisine?|There are 3 restaurants on the west side that serve British food. Do you prefer moderate or expensive priced?
Expensive, please, we're splashing out for my mother's birthday.|I've heard good things about Grafitti at Hotel Felix Whitehouse Lane Huntingdon Road. Would you like to book a reservation?
Yes for 5 at 16:00 on Monday.|Your reservation for a party of 5 at graffiti this monday at 16:00 was successful. Your Reference number is : YV3OG0N3.
Great!  Also, I'm looking for a place called the soul tree nightclub.  I need to get their phone number.|Soul Tree nightclub number is 01223477900. Will there be anything else I can help you with today?
No that was all I needed thank you.|Okay great! Have a great day!
I would like to find a place with a swimmingpool in the north area of town.|The Jesus Green Outdoor Pool matches your criteria. Will this suffice?
Yeah, what is the entrance fee for that?|I'm sorry, I don't have a listing for the entrance fee. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Can you find me a 4 star hotel as well?|There are three 4-star hotels in town. Would you prefer the west or centre of town?
I want to stay in the north near the swimming pool. I'd like it to be a hotel and 4 stars with free wifi.|I'm afraid there isn't a hotel in the north end that meets your requirements. Perhaps a guesthouse instead? There's the acorn guest house there that does.
A guesthouse would be fine as long as it has free wifi.|The acorn guest house does have internet, I am not sure if that includes wifi.  Would you like me to book you a room there?
Can you tell me if they provide free parking?|The Acorn Guest House does have free parking. Would you like me to book it for you?
I don't need a reservation at this time, but I would like to know their price range and address.|The acorn guesthouse is in the moderate price range with a 4 star rating. Their address is 154 chesterton road, post code cb41da, and phone number: 01223353888.
Thanks for all the information!|You're very welcome. Have a good day!
I want to go somewhere in the east part of town. Can you give me information on places to go and attractions there?|There's several different types of attractions in the east side. Do you have a preference?
I don't. Could you recommend something interesting?|I think everybody enjoys the Funky Fun House.  It is a great entertainment type of attraction.
Okay. Can you please give me the phone number, postcode, and entrance fee for the Funky Fun House then?|the phone number is 01223304705. the postcode is cb58hy. unfortunately, i do not have information about the entrance fee.
ok, i'm also looking for a train to cambridge.|Where will you be departing from?
I would be departing from stansted airport.|There are trains departing every hour.  If you can provide me with the day and time you would like to travel, I'm sure we can find something fitting your needs.
I will be leaving on Thursday and I need to arrive by 10:00.|The TR9084 will get you in by 8:52, or the TR0031 will get you in by 9:52. Which would you prefer?
What's the travel time for TR0031?|It lasts 28 minutes. Is there anything else?
No that's all I need thanks for the help.|You are welcome happy that I could assist.
Thanks very much, goodbye!|Bye! Enjoy your trip!
Please give me some information on byard art|It is a museum in south with free admission.  What else can I help you with?
Can you give me the postcode and phone number?|Sure thing 01223464646 and cb21sj.
Thanks so much. I am also looking for a train to Cambridge.|Could you please tell me where you will be leaving from and day of travel
I will be leaving from stansed airport on tuesday.|I have a lot of options for you, was there a specific time you wanted to leave the Stansted Airport?
Yes, it should leave on Tuesday and arrive by 14:00.|I have a train that arrives at 13:53. Would you like a booking?
Yes, I'll need 8 tickets.|your all set, confirmation #4WAQDQ0Y. Anything else?
I don't need anything else.|Have a great time and enjoy your visit to Cambridge!
I am looking for  a place to stay.|Sure.  Do you have a preference as to location, price, or amenities?
I would like free parking and wifi for sure.  Preferably on the west side with 4 stars, too.|I'd suggest Finches Bed and Breakfast.  It's a guesthouse in the west area with free internet and parking.
That sounds wonderful. Could you reserve our rooms? We'll be a party of 8, and we'd like to arrive on Sunday. I think we'll be staying 4 nights.|I have booked Finches Bed & Breakfast for you starting Sunday for 4 nights for 8 people. Your reference number is H7WHFPQT. Is there anything I may assist with?
Thank you, yes, I'd like to also find a nice park to visit while I'm in town. Can you see if there is one near my hotel?|Unfortunately, I could not find a park in the west. Can I try a different area?
No, but can you try to find a museum in the west please?|Sure, I'd like to suggest the cafe jello gallery. Is that everything?
May I please get their address and phone number?|The Cafe Jello Gallery is at cafe jello gallery, 13 magdalene street and their phone number is 01223312112. What else can I do for you?
No, you've been so helpful. Thank you so much! Have a great night.|You're welcome, have a great day as well.
I need a train for stansted airport and I need to arrive by 19:30 please.|What day will you be traveling on?
I will travel in Sunday.|Okay. Where will you be leaving from please?
I want to leave from Cambridge.|ok the TR5009 arrives at 19:08.
Yes can you book that for me please?|certainly, how many tickets do you need?
I just need one ticket please.  I need the train price as well.|There is no longer a TR5009 but have booked you for the next best. The price is 8.08 GBP
Actually, can you tell me the travel time for that?|I apologize, TR5009 is available. It is a 28 minute train ride, leaving Cambridge at 18:40, arriving at Stansted Airport by 19:08. Your reference number is 090MN9HI.
I appreciate your help. I am also interested in looking at a college while I am in Cambridge. Could you help me?|We have many to choose from, is there a certain area you'd like to be in?
No particular area, would you choose one for me?|Pembroke college will blow your mind, free adminssion located at trumpington street, postal cb21rf, phone 01223338100.  Are there any other questions today?
Thank you that is all I needed today.|You're welcome, let me know if I can assist with anything else.
I am trying to find the cityroomz hotel.|The cityrooms hotel is on station road and its phone number is 01223304050.   Would you like me to book a room for you?
No thank you. That is a hotel and not a guesthouse right?|Correct, it is a hotel. Would you like me to make a reservation for you?
No thank you. Could you tell me if there is anything to do on the westside?|There are several attractions in the west, do you have a preference of type?
Anything is fine, thanks|The lynne strover gallery is always nice, and it is free. How does that sound?
Sounds great, can I get the address and phone number to that museum please?|Lynne Strover Gallery is located at 23 High Street, Fen Ditton and the phone number is 01223295264. Can I assist you in any other way today?
No that's all I need for now. Thank you for your help!|You are welcome. Have a good day!
Hi, I want to find out about cambridge book and print gallery please.|cambridge book and print gallery is a museum found in the Western part of the town. Their postcode is cb39ey.
Great! What is their phone number?|There phone number is 01223694264, they are located at 49 newnham road  and best thing is addmisson is free. Can I help you find anything else toay?
I need a place to stay. I'm looking for a place with 4 stars and free parking.|I have found 19 hotels. Is there a particular area of town and hotel star rating you are looking for? Also price range?
I'd like an expensive 4 star guesthouse if that is possible.|Acorn guest house is a good match. Would you like me to book it for you?
Yes, please. Book it as soon as possible.|What day will you be staying there?
Wednesday for 3 nights and 6 people please.|Booking was unsuccessful.
kindly book another day or shorter stay.
I'm looking to take a train on Friday from Stevenage.|I have 10 trains departing from Stevenage on Friday. They depart every 2 hours beginning at 05:54. Can I book one for you?
Book me the train leaving at 7:54 please.|That's fine. How many tickets would you like?
Just one ticket please. Can you also tell me the arrival time?|You will arrive by 08:43 and your reference number is W1RIE69Y.
I am looking for some entertainment in town.|Do you know what you are looking for?  Do you want a museum or maybe the Cinema?
What museums are there?|There is broughton house gallery located in the centre or cambridge artworks located in the east. Both are free. Do either work for you?
They both work for me. Can I have the addresses of both please?|Broughton House Gallery is located at 98 King Street and Cambridge Artworks is at 5 Greens Road.
I think Broughton House Gallery will work better for me. Can you tell me the entrance fee, please?|The broughton house gallery is free entrance.  Can I help you with anything else?
No, I think that does it. Thank you for your help.|Thank you, have a great day!
I am looking for suggestions on where to go in town, I would like it to be entertaining and in the centre.|There are 44 attractions in the center of town. Is there a particular kind of attraction you'd be interested in?
Just some kind of entertainment.|There is a nightclub called club salsa if you like to dance. Would you like more information? There are also some museums and cinemas if that sounds better.
What is the entrance fee for the museum please.|The Museum of Archaelogy and Anthropology is free to enter. Would you like the address?
I apologize. I need to clarify that I'm looking for an entertainment type of attraction in the center of town.|There are no entertainment attractions in the centre of town in the system.
Are there any parks in the centre of town?|Yes!  The Cambridge University botanic gardens are in the centre and the entrance fee is 4 pounds.
Can I get their phone number and address, too? I also need to book a train from Cambridge arriving by 10:15 on Friday.|The address for the botanic gardens is bateman street and the phone number is 01223336265.
Thanks. Will you be able to book me that train?|Sure thing what destination and departure are you looking for on your train?
What trains do you have going to Bishops Stortford on Friday?|There are 10 trains that go to Bishops Stortford, did you know what time you would like to arrive by?
I need to arrive by 10:15. I won't need you to book tickets for me, but the trainID, travel time, and price would be super helpful.|There are 3 trains that arrive before 10:15. One that arrives at 6:07, another at 8:07 and another at 10:07. Which would you prefer?
The one for 8:07.  I just need the train id, travel time, and price. No need to book it.|Tr6809 leaves Cambridge at 07:29. It has a travel time of 38 minutes and costs 10.10 pounds. Do you need any thing else today?
That's all I needed, thank you very much!|You're very welcome. Have a lovely day.
I need to find a place to eat in the centre of town.|we have over 60 restaurants listed. May I get the type of food you may be looking for?
I am looking for a expensive restaurant in the centre that serves thai food.|Bangkok City matches your critera! Their phone number is 01223354382. Do you need me to book a reservation?
Yes, thank you.  Can I also get the postcode and address for Bangkok City?|Bangkok City is located at 24 Green Street City Centre and the postcode is cb23jx.  May I book it for you?
I'll just drop in, thanks. I also want to see a multiple sports complex in the same area. Are there any nearby?|There are no multiple sports complexes in the same area but there is one in the east. Would you like more information?
What is the address, entrance fee, and postcode?|The cherry hinton village centre is located at colville road, cherry hinton postcode cb19ej. I'm sorry but our system does not have information on what the fee to enter is.
May I get the phone number then to contact them?|The phone number is 01223576412. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No that is all the info I need thanks.|Well, you're welcome then!  Have a great day!
Yes, I am hoping to find some information about Cambridge for an upcoming visit.|I can help you with that! What area of information are you looking to find?
I want to visit Pembroke College. Can you tell me the phone number and what type of attraction it is?|Sure, I'd be happy to provide that information to you. The phone number is 01223338100 and it is a college type of attraction.  Anything else you need today?
I am looking for a restaurant in the west part of town in the moderate price range.|I have 3 choices for you. The first serves british food, the second serves indian cuisine, and the third is an italian place. Which would you prefer?
Italian sounds good. Could I have the postcode and name of that restaurant?|Sure! The post code is cb30af and it's called Prezzo.
Perfect, I also need to book a taxi to leave by 09:45 please.|Okay, no problem, I'd just need to get where you're going, and where you'd like to be picked up.
I want to go from the restaurant Prezzo by 9:45 to Pembroke college.|I have that set for you.  You will be picked up by a black BMW and the contact number is 07569312325.
Good, that works for me.|Is there anything else you need?
No, that is it. Thank you, goodbye.|you are welcome. it has been a pleasure talking to you.
I'm looking for a moderately priced restaurant in the Cambridge city centre.|There are many moderately priced restaurants in the city centre. Is there a type of cuisine you would like to try?
Yes I am interested in British food.|There are four great restaurants that match your criteria. I highly recommend the copper kettle located at 4 Kings Parade City Centre. Would you like me to book a table?
What is the phone number and postcode there?|You can reach The Copper Kettle at 01223365068. Their postcode is cb21sj. Is there anything more I can help with today?
I am looking for something to do in the centre area of town. I was thinking maybe a nightclub.|There are 5 nighclubs in the Centre. May I suggest The Fez Club?
That sounds great, can I please get the phone number and postcode?|Their phone number is  01223519224 and postcode is cb23hx.  Is there anything else I can help you with?
I'll also need a taxi. It should leave The Fez by 1:00. Please include the contact number and car type.|Where are you going? I can help you book a taxi once you give me your destination
I'm traveling between the restaurant and nightclub. I need to leave the nightclub by 1:00.|I have booked that taxi look for a yellow honda. The contact number is 07354152897.
Have a nice day.|Have a nice day.
Hi, I could sure use some help with my planning.  I am looking for a particular hotel.|Can you please tell me the name of the hotel you are looking for?
The name of the place is called a and b guest house.|a and b guest house located 124 tenison road is can i book it for you?
Yes, I'd like to book for 4 people and for 4 nights, starting from Friday. Can you check availability?|I was able to book you for 4 people for 4 nights starting on Friday.  Your reference number is BTA1MEE0.  Can I help you with anything else?
I am also looking for some attractions in the West.|There is the cafe jello gallery, if you like museums, or churchill college.
Hmmm. Cafe Jello Gallery sounds interesting.  May I please get their address?|Their address is 124 tenison road.
I would like to go to a park in the south.|We have two park available sheep's green and llammas land park fen causeway, and wandlebury country park, both have free admission.
Could you get me the phone number to the Wandlebury country park?|Sure thing, 01223243830. Was there anything else I could assist with?
I'm also looking for a place to stay that includes free parking and is in the cheap price range. Can you find something?|There are a few different options. Would you prefer a hotel or a guesthouse?
I would like a four star hotel please.|There is one option: the cambridge belfry. Shall I book it for you?
Yes, book please and I need a reference number|Before I can book, I need to know the length of your stay, what day you'll arrive, and for how many people
It'll be 7 people and 3 nights beginning tuesday. Please remember to give me the reference number.|Unfortunately it is not allowing me to book hotels right now. Is there anything else I can do for you?
Is there any hotel available for you to book?|The cambridge belfry just became available. Booking was successful.
Reference number is : 7SKSRY3S.
Will this work for you?
Yes, thank you! That will work.|Is there anything else I can help you along with?
No that will be all thanks so much for all of the help.|Thank you for contacting us and have a good time!
I'm looking for information on the People's Portrait Exhibition at Girton College.|The people's portraits exhibition at girton college is a museum in the west area of town and is free to enter. Would you like more information about it?
Yes please. You said it was free, correct?|Yes that is correct it is FREE to enter the People's Portraits Exhibition at Girton College.
Ok thanks I also need a place to stay located in the east and must be a guesthouse, can you help me?|I have 6 different options. Do you have a preference for the price range?
I prefer to stay somewhere in the cheap price range, and it should include free parking.|I have 3 options left. I have the Allenbell, the Autumn House and the Leverton House. All offer free parking and free internet. Which would you prefer?
Pick one for me. I need a hotel for 2 people and 5 nights starting from wednesday.|Ok, I booked you at the allenbell. The reference number is KLNF2GX0.
Thank you. I also need a taxi to commute between the two places. I want to leave the attraction by 22:30.|I have booked you a taxi leaving the attraction at 22:30 for the allenbell. It's a red ford, and your contact number is 07249911118. Can I help with anything else?
No thank you. You've been great!|You're welcome. Have a nice day. Good bye.
Can you tell me if there are any museums in the west part of town?|There are 7 museums in the west part of town. All but one are free to enter. Do you have any further criteria?
It needs to be in the west.|Would you like to visit cafe jello gallery? It is in the west with free entrance.
Sure thing, may I have their phone number?|Their phone number is 01223312112
I also need a seafood restaurant that is in that same area|Sorry, looks like there are no restaurants in the area with those requirements.
How about an expensive restaurant in the west serving European food?|The Cambridge lodge restaurant fits all your criteria. Can I book a reservation for you?
Yes, I would like reservations for four for seven o'clock tomorrow evening.|I'm sorry that booking was unsuccessful, would you like to try another time or another day?
Actually can I get reservations for 7 at 20:00 on Friday?|No problem. I have you booked on Friday at 20:00 for 7. Anything else I can help you with?
Could I get the reference number for that booking please.|Your reference number for the restaurant reservation is QT2C8PNF. Can I help you with anything else?
Yes. I would like a taxi to take me to the restaurant by my reservation time.|Will you be heading to the restaurant directly from Cafe Jello Gallery?
Yes, please. Do you have their phone number?|Booking for your taxi was successful. The contact number is 07760432022 and the care will be a white volvo.
Thank you very much. That's all I'll need today!|Ok then. Goodbye.
I want to go to a museum.|In which specific area of town are you interested?
I would like to stay in the centre area.|There are many wonderful museums; is there anything more specific? Art, gallery, archaeology that you want to see?
An art gallery would be wonderful.|How about Broughton House Gallery over in Centre, they are located at 98 King street and has no entrance fee.
Yes, that would be great. Can you also give me the phone number for that location?|The phone number is 01223314960.  Is there anything else I can do to assist you today?
Yes, I'm also looking for a chinese place to eat in the same area.|So ugly duckling is in the centrem it's pretty expensive and they don't have a phone number, but they're on 12 St. Johns Street City Centre.
Id like to make a reservation for 4 on sunday.|What time would you like that reservation?
At 18:30 please.|Done! The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Your reference number is 0E8ZWWQN. Can I help you with anything else?
Wait...it is expensive?  I was looking for a moderately priced place.|Yes, the price range is expensive. Did you want me to cancel it?
Oh God, yes. I want to eat at a moderately priced restaurant.|No worries, I found 3 Chinese restaurants that are priced moderately. I recommend the Jinling Noodle Bar. Would you like a reservation?
yes book for 4 people at 18:30 on sunday|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : LI8D2S6Y. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
No thanks.  Thank you for working with me on the second booking.   Have a great day.|You are very welcome. Enjoy your day. Bye.
i need a place to stay|And what area would you like ?
No specific area but it needs to have 2 stars and area needs to be in the north. It also needs to include free wifi.|The Ashley Hotel and Lovell Lodge both fit your description. Do you want information on these?
book for me one of your choice for 7 people and 2 nights starting on wednesday.|OK, I booked you at the Ashley Hotel, ref# 0C98S6L6. Can I help you with anything else today?
Yes I would like to find a park to visit.|there are 5 parks. which side do you prefer?
I do not care I need the phone number and address|The sheep's green and lammas land park is at  fen causeway newnham road, Its phone number is 01223302580
That sounds like a lot of fun. Thanks for all your help. I'm happy with your service. Goodbye.|I'm glad I could be of help. Enjoy your trip.
I am looking for a train to London Liverpool Street.|There are many trains that travel from Cambridge to London Liverpool Street. What day and time would you like to travel?
I would like to leave Friday and arrive by 17:45.|TR5212 departs from cambridge and arrives at london liverpool street. It leaves on Friday 17:59. Would you like to book it?
No, that one won't work. I have to arrive by 17:45.|I have train TR9956 that departs at 15:59 and will get you there by 17:27. Would that work for you?
Yes, that would work. Can you book me 4 tickets please?|Booking was successful, the total fee is 66.4 GBP payable at the station .  Reference number is : X5EM7DTZ.   Is there anything else?
Would you like to make another reservation?|Your train has been booked, reference number X5EM7DTZ.  Is there anything else that you need help with today?
what attractions do you have in the south?|There is a lovely park, Wandlebury Country Park.  There is a great theatre on Clifton Way as well.  It is called The Junction.  Do either sound interesting?
Can I get the postcode and entrance fee for The Junction?|I do not show an entrance fee amount and the postcode is cb22ad. Can I help you with anything else today?
No.  I think that's everything. Thank you for your help.|Thank you and enjoy your stay.
Can you get me information on a attraction called emmanuel college?|Yes, it is a nice college in the city centre, located on Saint Andrew's Street.
Okay thank you.  That was all I needed to know.|Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Are there any good eastern European restaurants in the centre?|There are many places to dine Do you have any preferences ?
Do any of them serve eastern European food?|There are 8 restaurants in the centre that serve European food. If you want to go with something cheap, I would suggest the River Bar Steakhouse and Grill.
what about eastern european food?|I'm afraid not. Would you like to look for a different type of cuisine?
Chinese is always a good standby when in doubt, lets look for a chiense place.|There are several, do you have a price range in mind?
Moderately priced please.|Jinling Noodle bar is a great moderately priced chinese restaurant in the centre.  Would you like me to make reservations for you?
Yes please make that for 4 people at 15:00 on a Sunday.|Reference number is : JKLWFR30. Is there anything else?
Thank you, goodbye.|Your welcome.  Have a good day.
I'm looking for information about a hotel in Cambridge called Warkworth House.|Sure, Warkworth house is a 4 star moderately priced guesthouse in the east that offers free wifi and parking. Do you need additional info?
Can you provide me with their phone number please?|Certainly, the phone number is 01223363682. Is there anything else I can assist with?
Yes, I am looking for places to go while I'm there.  Perhaps a nightclub?|There are 6 nightclubs around town. Most are in the centre of town. If I may, might I suggest the Ballare. They are on Heidelberg Garden, Lion Yard.
That sounds great! Thank you for the information.|Do you need anything else today?
I need a cab to commute between both places and I want to leave the hotel by 18:45, I also need the contact # & car type|Okay I will work on getting that for you and be back in a moment.
Great, thank you.|Booking completed! Booked car type	:	yellow lexus Contact number	:	07550893023
Can I help with anything else?
No thats it have a nice day !|You have a nice day. This is the end.
Hi, I'm looking for a place to stay in Cambridge. Can you help me?|Yes, of course. What area will you be staying in?
I will be staying on the southend.|There are 4 places to stay in the south. Do you have any other specifications?
I want it to be expensive and include free parking.|The Lensfield fits all these criteria, would you like me to book it?
I actually want to stay in the East, with free parking.|Sure, Express by Holiday Inn Cambridge is an expensive hotel in the east with free parking. Would you like more information?
Can you go ahead and book me a room for 4 nights starting Friday? There will be a total of 6 people.|I managed to book your reservation successfully, Reference number is : FK4WK9O1. Thank you.
I'm looking for somewhere to go in the east part of town. Can you help me?|No problem. Do you have any preference?
I don't really have any preferences other than I want it to be in the same area as the hotel.|Okay, well I recommend Cambridge Artworks. It's a lovely museum.
Can you give me the address and postcode for Cambridge Artworks?|The postcode is cb13ef and the address is 5 greens road.
Thank you for all your help. Goodbye.|Great, have a good one!
Hi, I'm searching for a place called Magdalene College.|I'm familiar with that school.  Great college located on Magdalene Street.  What would you like to know?
Yes can you please get me the info?|It's a college located on the west side of town. Admission is free and you can contact them at 01223332138. Also, the postcode is cb30ag. Do you need anything else?
Yes I need to find a train that will leave after 13:00 and arrive Cambridge.|How about TR4748 that leaves at 13:17?
does it leave on monday?|That specific train does not, but we have another one leaving at 13:17 on Monday departing from london kings cross. Is this one you would be interested in booking?
No.  I am leaving from Kings Lynn and going to Cambridge. I am NOT departing from London Kings.|Ok I changed it,Would you like me to book it for you ?
I would like to find a cheap hotel to stay at where there is free parking. Do you have any suggestions?|The cambridge belfry fits the bill, would you like me to book you a room?
Do they have free parking? are they rated 3 stars?|Yes, they do have free parking and they have 4 stars.
Did you have something that fits with 3 stars?|I hovw no listing for a 3 star hotel,would you like too try another area ?
What about a 4 star hotel?|The Cambridge Belfry is a 4 star hotel in the cheap price range and is on the west side. They offer free Wifi and parking. Would you like a reservation?
Yes,please book for 5 people for 5 nights starting on Thursday.|I am unable to book for Tuesday.
I would like to book for Thursday, not Tuesday.|I am sorry, I can't make that reservation either.
Is Monday available?|As it turns out, Thursday just opened up. I was able to book it for you, here is your reference number, UGU8T7UB.
Thanks!  Can you also help me find a college to visit in town?|There are 18 options.  Was there a part of town you would like to visit?
Can you suggest one for me?|I would recommend christ's college in Saint Andrew's street in the centre of town.
What is the entrance fee and postcode there?|Entry is free. The postcode is cb23bu. May I help with anything else?
Thank you so much. Good bye|Okay, goodbye and enjoy your time in town
Hi, I'm looking for information, specifically, a place to stay while I'm in town.|sure! how about allenbell? i hear it's lovely.
Is it in the moderate price range?  I need a hotel in the west with a star rating of a 3.|We don't have any 3 star hotels on the west part of town. Do you want to try searching for something else?
Okay, how about just moderate price and three stars in any part of town?|There aren't any hotels like that, but I do have 4 guesthouses. 2 in the north, 1 in the west, and 1 in the south.
okay, pick the west please. I need the postcode.|the postal code is cb39lh
I am also looking for Williams Art and Antiques.  Can you tell me what area that is in?|They are in the centre, admission is free, can I assist with anything else?
No, I think that's it.  Thank you very much!|Thank you for calling. Enjoy your trip! Goodbye.
What are some places to go to?|We have 79 attractions, do you have anything you'd like to see?
Recommend something for me, as long as it is in the center.|The Cambridge Contemporary Art museum is in the center. It has free admission.
That sounds perfect, thanks. Can you also help me find a guesthouse to stay in? I'd like a 4 star location, please.|Sure thing which area?
The hotel should include free wifi it should be near the attractions|There is the Alexander Bed and Breakfast in the centre of town.  It is 4 starts and offers free internet and parking.  Would you like me to reserve?
Yes please make me a booking for 8 people and 4 nights starting from tuesday.|Booking was successful.
Reference number is : EHM9N8KK.  Can I assist you further today?
No that looks like everything I need today. Thank You.|Your welcome. Have a great day.
Hello. Can you help me find a specific restaurant that I'm looking for?|Yes what is the name of the restaurant you are looking for?
The name of the restaurant is Lucky Star|Lucky Star is located at Cambridge Leisure Park Clifton Way Cherry Hinton in the south.  Would you like me to book a table for you?
yeah i need a table for six please|Lucky Star is a great restaurant.  May I please get the day and time you wish to reserve?
Yes, I am wanting to book for Thursday at 14:15.|How many people will the reservation be for?
It will be for 6.|I booked a table for 6 for you on Thursday at 14:15 at the Lucky Star. Your reference is AZNTY1ZZ. How else may I be of assistance today?
Could you also help me find a nightclub to check out?|There are six nightclubs. One is in the south. The other five are in the centre. Do you have a preference?
I want it in the centre. Pick the best one there and tell me the entrance fee and address please.|Club salsa is in the centre area, located at 1 station road. The entrance fee is 5 pounds.  Do you need any further assistance?
Thank you.  That's all for now.  Have a great day.|You are welcome.Have a great day!
I want to visit some colleges.|Yes, there are 18 colleges. Do you have any particular area in mind?
I would like it to be in the South.|I am sorry there are none in the south. Would you like to try another area instead?
How about just try looking for any cinemas in the south?|We have Cineworld Cinema in the South area.
That sounds great! Can I have their address and phone number, please?|00872208000 is the phone number. The address is cambridge leisure park, clifton way.
Thanks, I need some info in lovell lodge, specifically price range, address and whether parking is included.|Lovell Lodge is located at 365 milton road. The pricing is moderately priced, but the parking is free.
I would also like to book a taxi to travel between the two places.|Okay, which location would you like to be picked up at, and at what time?
the hotel at 23.30 get me the contact number and car type|Booking completed!
Booked car type	:	red audi
Contact number	:	07369509134
anything else i can help you with?
I would like a place to eat in the moderate price range located in the centre.|There are many moderately-priced restaurants in the center. Galleria is one of my favorites; they serve European cuisine.
Great, could you send me the postcode to Galleria?|Their postcode is CB21UW. Can I help you with anything else?
Also I want to go see some architecture in town.|May i suggest visiting Little Saint Mary's Church located at little saint mary's lane. It's free!
Sounds lovely, what area is that located in?|It's located in the centre by Galleria. Is there anything else you need help finding today?
That is all, thank you for your help.|You're very welcome. I hope you enjoy yourself in our city!
i want a place i can watch multiple sports in the centre.|I did not find any places in the Centre of town. Would you like to try another area?
Are there any nightclubs that I could visit, instead?|Sure! I recommend The Fez Club. Their address is 8 market passage
I need to have the phone number, entrance fee, and postcode please.|Those would be 01223519224, 5 pounds, and cb23hx in that order. Anything else I can do for you?
Yes please, I would love if you could help me find an expensive hotel located in the centre|There are two hotels in the centre. Gonville hotel has 3 stars. University arms hotel has 4 stars. Both have wifi and parking.
Are they both expensive?|Both are expensive.
Can you book either one for 8 people on Tuesday for 4 nights.|I am sorry, I am unable to book that right now. Is there anything else I can help you with?
If the expensive isn't available, let's try something in a moderate price range.|I was able to book you rooms for 8 people at the Gonville Hotel. Your reference number is Y28C0SMO. How else may I assist you today?
I guess that is all I need.  Thanks!|Have a great stay. Enjoy your time.
I will. Thanks.|I was able to reserve the Gonville Hotel for 4 nights, you confrimation number is Y28C0SMO.
I am looking for museums to visit when I am in Cambridge.  Something on the west side.|The Cafe Jello Gallery is a great museum on the west side, and it's free to get in.
That sounds like fun. Can you tell me the address and postcode of this place. as well as how much the entrance fee is?|cafe jello gallery, 13 magdalene street is the address. cb30af is the postcode and the entrance fee is free
I am also looking for a train leaving after 11:00 for Kings Lynn.|There are several that fit that criteria. What day would you like that on?
I'm looking for a train from Cambridge on Monday.|The first train leaving Cambridge is the TR3566 at 11:11. Would you like me to book this train for you?
No, thank you. Goodbye.|Thank you for contacting Cambridge TownInfo centre.  I hope you have a pleasant trip!  Goodbye!
Can you help me find an Italian restaurant in the city center?|Sure. What is your price range?
My price range is expensive.|I recommend booking a table at Caffe Uno. You'll love their homemade pasta!
That's great. Can you send me the phone number and postcode for Caffe Uno?|i'm sorry. i cannot find details for caffe uno.
I am actually looking for an Italian place. In the centre.|The caffe uno's phone number is 01223448620 and the postcode is cb21uj. May I help you with anything else?
I'm looking for info on museum of classical archaeology|It's a free museum on Sidgwick Avenue in the west part of town.  Lots of interesting things there.
Great! I also need a taxi to get there. I want to leave Caffe Uno at 12:30. Can you give me the contact number & car type for the taxi?|In order to reserve your taxi, may I please have your destination?
I need to commute between the two places you looked up.|I have booked your car. It is a blue Ford car, and the contact number for the booking is 07881357778.
Thank you that's all the help I need today.|Great - have a wonderful day!
I want to visit a college in Cambridge. Can you help me find some?|There are eighteen college in cambrdige, any area preference?
I don't have any preference as long as it's in town.|May I suggest Christ's College in the centre?
Yes, that would be a good choice. Can you give the entrance fee and postcode for that location? Thanks|It is free to visit and is located on Saint Andrew's Street, postcode cb23bu. Would you like the phone number?
Yes, please provide the phone number.|The phone number is 01223334900.  Can I be of further assistance today?
Yes. I was told about a  restaurant called the midsummer house. Can you help me find that?|Midsummer House is an expensive restaurant in the centre that serves British food. Would you like me to make a reservation for you?
Yes please. Get me a table for 2 on Tuesday at 13:45|Yes I was able to book this for you and your reference number is YBD13ZLT.
Great I also need a taxi between the two locations that will get to the restaurant at 13:45|I have booked your taxi. Be expecting a white Toyota. Their phone number is 07740192551.
Cool thanks so much!|What else can I do for you?
I think I got everything I need. Have a nice day!|Thank you for contacting us and have a nice day.
I need a restaurant in the cheap price range that serves Portuguese food.|There are two in Cambridge. One in the south and one in the centre. Do you have a preference?
It does not make a difference as long as they have reservations for 4 on sunday at 12:00. Could I get a reference number?|Sure, i have booked Nandos sunday 12:00 for 4. May I help with anything else?
I still need the reference number.|Yes of course!  I do apologize.  The Reference number is : 29D8WR58. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.  Can I assist with anything else?
Yes. Do you know anything about a place called Sheep's Green and Lammas Land Park Fen Causeway?|It's a free park in the south. Would you like more details?
What is the full address for that park?|The address is fen causeway, newnham road. What else can I do for you?
What is their entrance fee?|There is no entrance fee.
I also need a taxi from the park to Nandos.  Want to get there  by 12:00.  thanks|I have booked a taxi for you. It will be a red Ford and the contact number is 07413433001. Is there anything else I can do for you?
No, that should be everything. Thanks!|No, thank you for being a great customer! Good bye.
Hi, I am looking for a concerthall in the east.|we don't have a concert hall in the east, can I check another area?
Let's check for a museum, then|There are four museums in the east. Cambridge artworks, Gallery at twelve a high street, and Saint barnabas press gallery are all free.  Cambridge museum of technology is 5 pounds.
Please book the Museum of technology for two people, any time after noon. I'll need a reference number too please.|I'm unable to book that reservation for you. Is there any other information that I can provide to you?
How about helping me find a place to eat, then?|Sure thing, what kind of cuisine are you looking for?
I'd like crossover food in the expensive range, and located in the same area as the museum.|YOu would need to select food then I can look that up.
I would like it to be crossover food.|I'm sorry, I'm not showing any crossover restaurants in the city.  Is there another type of food I can check on?
Sure, let's try Chinese then please. And I'd also like the restaurant to be expensive.|There are 9 choices.  What area would you like.
I don't care. Can you choose one to recommend for me?|I like the Ugly Duckling. It's located in the centre. Would you like me to book that for you?
Is it available on Friday?|Of course it is, how many people on friday and what time?
I would like a table for 5 at 11:00.|Your reference code is KU6JQCL9. You will have 15 minutes to arrive to your table.
Thank you. I didn't get an address and postcode for Cambridge museum of technology. Can you provide it, please?|The address is the old pumping station, cheddars lane. Their phone is 01223368650. Is there anything else I can help with today?
NO, that was everything I needed thank you.|Have a great trip and wonderful day. Goodbye.
Hello, I am planning my trip to Cambridge and need some help finding places to go in town when I get there.|Sure, we have much to offer. Did you have anything specific in town?
I'm looking for a theatre.|There are 4 in the city centre and one in the south - do you prefer one area over the other?
Can you give me the address to the one in the south please?|It is called The Junction. It is located on Clifton Way. Their postcode is cb17gx. Their phone number is 01223511511. Anything else I can help you with today?
Yes, do you have information on the cambridge belfry?|The Cambridge Belfry is a 4 star hotel in the cheap price range with internet and parking.
What is the address of the Cambridge Belfry, please?|The address is back lane, cambourne in cb236bw.
Can you book a taxi for me between the 2 places? I would like to leave the theatre by 10:45.|Your taxi has been booked. The car will be a black Lexus and the contact number is 07768154661.
Thank you, that's all I needed today.|You're welcome, have a nice day.
I am looking for attractions in the centre.|The city centre has many attractions to offer. Do you have a specific type of attraction you are interested in?
I would like the attraction in the centre, and I would like the amount of the entrance fees in the centre.|There are many museums with free entrance, or nightclubs with fees around 4-5 pounds.  Would you be interested in more information on any of these?
Actually, can you find a train to birmingham new street for me? I need to leave after 19:45.|What is your departure site and day of travel?
Should depart from Cambridge and go to Birmingham New Street|There are 28 trains that fit that criteria, what time would you like to arrive?
It doesn't matter, the first train after 19:45 works for me. I need to book it for four people, and please provide the reference number.|I was able to book 4 tickets on train TR7769 departing at 20:01 and arriving at 23:44. Your reference number is H6UCCIBA. Is there anything else?
No, that will do it!  Thank you for all your help!|You're welcome. Have a great day.
Can you help me find a indian restaurant in the west?|Sure, they are all expensive though.  I love Tandoori Palace located at 68 Histon Road Chesterton.
That sounds perfect! Thank you.|Is there anything else you need?
Can you book a reservation for 8 at 14:45 on Friday?|Done! Your table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Your reference number is 5XFZM2KU. Is there anything else that I can help you with?
Can you provide me with the telephone number and book two taxi cabs to the restaurant|Tandoori Palace's phone number is 01223506055. Please give me the taxi departure day and time and I'll be more than happy to book one for you
Nevermind - I don't need the taxis after all. Can you help me find a place called tenpin, instead?|Tenpin is an entertainment venue in the south. They are located at Cambridge Leisure Park, Clifton Way. Their postcode is cb17dy. Their phone number is 08715501010.
Can you tell me what their entrance fee is?|They do not have an entrance fee listed, but you can always call and find out.
Okay, thank you for your help!|is there anything else i can help you with?
No that will be all! Thank you very much!|Thank you for using our services. Have a great day!
I need help finding a chinese restaurant in the centre of cambridge any suggestions?|There are 10 choices. Is there a particular area you would like to stay in?
I would like it in the centre.|There's fives places that fit that bill.. do you have a price range in mind?
The closest is fine, can you give me the phone number and postcode of the restaurant?  I am also looking for a college to visit in the area.|The closest is Charlie Chan on Regent Street City Centre. Their phone number is 01223361763. Postcode is cb21db. As for the college, do you have a preference on area?
What is the entrance fee for Regent Street City Centre?|There isn't an entrance fee to enter the street or the restaurant.
Ok I would like to book a taxi from the restaurant to the Regent Street City Centre?|I will need more information to book the taxi for you.  What time would you like to depart and what time would you like to arrive by?
I will be leaving the restaurant by 1:30 and the arrival time does not matter.|I was able to book that taxi for you.  It is a white Honda and the contact number is 07734608677.
Great, thanks. I think that's all I needed. Have a great night. Goodbye.|Have a lovely stay in Cambridge! Goodbye!
I'm looking for an expensive place to eat in the west area of town.|There are nine expensive restaurants on the west side of town. Did you have a specific cuisine in mind?
Indian sound good.|We have tandoor palace, cocum, rice boat, maharajah tandoor restaurant, and india house, which would you like to try?
The Maharajah Tandoor sounds great!|Would you like me to book you a table at maharajah tandoori restaurant?
Yes, a table for 2 people on friday at 12:00. I need a reference number.|All right, a table for 2 is reserved for you. M4TC7VRV is your reference number.
I am also going to need a taxi to get me to the restaurant before my reservation.  Can you get me their contact number and car type?|I would be happy to book you a taxi. Could you please tell me where you would like to depart from?
I would like to leave maharajah taondoori, and go to a college.|When would you like to leave the restaurant or arrive at the college?
I want to arrive at the restaurant by 12:00 on Friday please. I will also need their contact number and the car type.|Would you like to arrive at the restaurant or at the college by 12:00? I'm afraid there has been a misunderstanding.
The restaurant please.|Where would you like the taxi to take you?
to the attraction|I apologize, there's been a misunderstanding. Before we can book your taxi, we need to know which college. There are 18 colleges. What area are you looking for?
I'm sorry, let's back up. We'll worry about the taxi later. First, can you help me find a college on the west side of town?|I apologize for the confusion. I have 5 different museums. 3 are free and the other two charge 2.50 pounds. All are in the west. Which do you prefer?
I would prefer a free one, just surprise me with information on one of them please.|Just to avoid any confusion on my part you were looking for a college or a museum? I may have pulled up the wrong information. I apologize for that.
A college and I need their telephone number.|Certainly Churchill College is free to enter and their address is storey's way.
Great! May I have their contact number?|The contact number for Churchill College is 01223336233. Are you ready to book that taxi now that we know which college you are wanting to travel to?
Yes please, to be precise and clear up prior misunderstandings, I need a taxi at 11.45 from Churchill College to Maharajah Tandoor so I can get there by 12.|Yes, we've booked a taxi for you: A red volvo, contact number 07272851306.
That is wonderful.  Thank you so much for being patient.  I am all set.  Bye.|Thank you, goodbye.
I am traveling to Cambridge and excited to see local tourist attractions.  I am looking for a museum in the west part of town.|There are 7 options, the first is cafe jello gallery located at 13 magdalene street, phone number 01223312112. Would that work?
That would work well for me can I get their entrance fee and postcode as well?|Yes, the postcode is cb30af. Entrance is free! What else can I help you with today?
Yes, I'm also looking for a hotel called the Lovell Lodge. Can you help me find information about this hotel?|Sure thing! Lovell lodge is located in the north at 365 milton road. What else would you like to know?
Does Lovell Lodge have free internet, and may I ask what star rating it has? Thank you for checking this for me.|2 stars. Yes it has free internet.
Thanks! I will also need to book a taxi to pick me up at the hotel by 24:30. Can you help with that?|It will be a grey Audi, and the contact number is 07486491137. Will that be all today?
Yes, that's all. Goodbye!|Thank you, and have a nice day!
I am planning a trip in Cambridge.|sure, do you need some information?
I need to book a train from Cambridge to Leicester, leaving after 20:00 on Sunday.|There are 4 options leaving after 20:00, by what time do you want to arrive in leicester?
It doesn't matter when I arrive, but I need to make a booking for 5 people. And I definitely need a reference number for the booking.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 151.19 GBP payable at the station, your reference number is EM5AYOET. Will that be all?
Actually, I could use some help finding something fun to do in the north.|There are several swimmingpools as well as a park and a boat attraction in the north. do any of these appeal to you?
Can you give me the address for the park?|The address is milton country park, milton, cb46az. Will that be all?
no that will be all thank you|Do you need anything else?
No thank you.|Okay, have a great day!
Can you find me a train on thursday?  I am leaving from cambridge.|Of course. Where are you headed?
I'm going to Liverpool Street in London.|I have 10 trains going to Liverpool Street from Cambridge on Thursday. What time do you need to arrive?
I want to arrive by 15:00.|I have train TR5504 that leaves at 11:59 and arrives by 13:27. Would this fit your schedule?
No, find me one that leaves after 08:00 please.|TR2715 leaves at 09:59 and arrives by 11:27, does this suit your needs better?
Can you book for 8 people? Please include the reference number.|Your reference number is 8P0JZI40 and you'll owe 132.8 GBP.  Anything else I can do?
I also need to find a place to visit in the west part of town.|Is there anything in particular you'd like to see in the west part of town?
There's nothing in particular. Could you recommend something fun to do?|The magdalene college sounds like a blast and its also free.
Can you give me the phone number, please?|The phone number is 01223332138.
Great! What is their postcode please?|Their postcode is cb30ag
Thank you, that will do it for me today.|Enjoy your time at the college!
What are some expensive british restaurants to dine at?|Sure, are you looking in a certain area?
Yeah, I'm looking in the north.|Unfortunately, there are no British restaurants in the north that are expensive. Would you like mt o look in another are or try a different cuisine?
How about expensive French restaurants in the north?|sure, there's one there called restaurant two two.
Can you make me a reservation please and send the reference number?|Sure, when would you like the reservation for?
What times do they have available.|It would be easiest if you would pick a time.
Actually, I don't need to book a time right now, I just need the postcode and phone number for the time being.|Okay, the post code is cb43ax and the phone number is 01223351880.
Thank you. I am also looking for places to visit in town. I think a college would be nice. Could you recommend one?|Sure, Christ's College would be a good choice. It's in the centre of town and does not have an entrance fee. Would you like more information?
Can I also have their phone number and address?|Of course. The phone number is 01223334900 and the postcode is cb23bu. Can I help you with anything else today?
That's all I needed today. Thanks!|I hope you have a great stay in town.  Goodbye.
I need a hotel to stay with a 3 star rating please.|There are 2 hotels with 3 stars.  They are both quite similar, but the Gonville Hotel has a little better reputation.  Can I tell you anything about it?
Yes, is either of these hotels located in the north?|No they are located in the centre and the south.
I need the address and phone to them please.|the phone number is 01223366611 and adress is gonville place
How about a guesthouse with a 3 star rating in the north?|There are two 3-star guesthouses in the north. One offers Internet and parking and the other doesn't. Would you like to book a room at one of these?
No, thanks. I'm also looking for places to go in town.|What type of attraction would you like to visit?
On second.  Wait.  What was the price range on that guesthouse?|The pricerange for Gonville Hotel is expensive. Were you needing a guesthouse? This is a hotel.
I think we're confusing each other. You said there was no 3-star hotel in the north, so I'm looking for a 3-star guesthouse in the north. Do you have that?|Sorry. My system just refreshed. Alpha-milton guest house is a 3 star guesthouse in the north area in the moderate price range. It does not include internet or parking.
No worries, I just need the address please.|The Alpha-milton guest house address is 63 milton road, postcode cb41xa. Are you looking for an attraction in the north also?
I am actually looking for a college anywhere in town. Can you recommend an interesting one?|Sure! I recommend the Clare Hall located on Herschel Road. What information would you like to know?
May I have the phone number and the exact area.|Clare hall is in the west part of town. Their phone number is 01223332360 should you need to contact them!
Thanks! I will also need a taxi please.|Thank you, please provide what time you want to leave the hotel or time you want to arrive at Clare Hall.
Hi. I am looking for a good attraction in the east part of town.|I would recommend the cambridge museum of technology, would you like any information about that?
Yes.  What is the postcode and phone number?|The phone number is 01223368650, and the code is cb58ld. is that all?
I'm also looking for a train that departs from cambridge and arrives by 13:45.|What day will you be traveling, and what is your destination?
Tuesday, Cambridge to Brouxbourne.|There are 8 trains for you to choose from, do you have a specific departure time you'd prefer?
Not particularly, there will be 3 of us.|Booking was successful. Train ID is TR2368. The total fee is 53.7 GBP payable at the station. Reference number is: K7SSYP8J. Can I help with anything else?
No, that is all. Thank you, goodbye.|You're very welcome. Text us back anytime!
i want a place to stay|There is a lot of choice. Do you have any preferences ?
Yes, I'm looking for a 3-star guesthouse in a moderate price range. I do need free parking, too.|There are 3 guesthouses with that criteria available, one each in the south, north and west. Do you have an area preference?
No but I need internet.|All three also have free internet. Which area would you be interested in? I can help you book your stay.
Can you tell me the name of the one that is in the west, because I am also looking for something to do in the west.|The name of the guesthouse in the west is hobsons house. Can I book that for you?
Not right now. Can you help me find something to do in the west area?|What type of activities are you interested in? Musems? Parks? Colleges?
I'm not sure.. can you recommend something?|Churchhill College is in the West at Storey's Way and has no entrance fee.  Shall I book that one for you?
No thank you. I just wanted to know what things there were to do. Visiting a a college sounds like fun. Thanks for all your help today.|Did you want me to look up another college?
No, I am all set.  Thanks for your help.  Bye.|you're welcome! bye!
I would like to find information on boats in town|I have about 4 different attractions for boating. 2 are in the centre of town and one in the north and east. Do you have a preference on area?
No, any is fine. Can you tell me what area one of them is in and also the entrance fee?|Camboats is on the east side. Unfortunately I don't have information on the entrance fee.
Okay.  Thanks.|You're welcome. Can I assist you with anything else?
No, that's all for today, goodbye.|Have a great day! Goodbye!
I am looking for a place to go in the south.|There are a lot of things to do in the south. Do you know what kind of attraction you were looking for?
I have no preference. What do you recommend?|Well if you're looking for a museum I recommend the byard art. The phone is 01223464646 and the address is 14 king's parade.
What is the entrance fee?|The entrance fee is free. Anything else today?
no, thanks, that is it for today|Okay, I hope you enjoy the rest of your day!
I'm looking for a restaurant that is cheap and is in the centre. Can you help me?|Where you interested in any particular type of cuisine? I have some restaurants like that including: Indian, Chinese, and Italian. Do you have a preference?
Yes I would like to eat Italian food.|I can suggest ask located at 12 Bridge street city centre. Would you like to make reservations?
No, please give me their postcode instead|cb21uf.  Is there anything else I can do to assist you?
I am also interested in finding out information about local colleges. Do you recommend any to visit?|You should check out the downing college on regent street. Do you want me to get you their phone number?
Yes please.  I would like their postcode, phone number, and address.|their post code is cb21dq. it is located in regent street. phone number is 01223334860.
I would like to book a taxi now please.  I need to leave the restaurant by 12:30.  Are there any available?|Sure, where will you be headed?
Between the restaurant and the hotel.|We have discussed a restaurant and a college, did you have a hotel you wished to stay at?
I'll be commuting between the restaurant and the college. I want to book at taxi to pick me up at the restaurant by 12:30.|A grey Tesla will pick you up, contact number 07587024658. Can I help you with anything else today?
No, that's all I needed. Thank you for your help. Have a great day.|Glad to have been of help. Thank you for using the  Cambridge TownInfo centre. Have a great day
I'm looking for a train that leaves after 13:45 on Wednesday.|Can you give me departure and destination locations, please?
Yes. I'm departing from Broxbourne and going to Cambridge.|The TR3470 leaves at 16:32. That's the first train on that route after 13:45.
Thank you, can I get tickets for 2 people and the reference number if successful?|I will book that for you now.
Can I have that reference number please?|I will have that reference number in one moment.
Okay thank you, and I need the postcode too.|Booking was successful. Reference number is ZT7XX7WQ. Do you need anything else?
I'm looking for a place to go in town.  I'm looking in the city centre.  Do you have anything available? What is the postcode?|what kind of attraction do you want?
can you recommend something fun. i dont know this area.|I recommend Vue Cinema in centre.  The zip code is CB11ps.
thanks. i think that took care of everything. thanks. bye.|Thank you for contacting us and have a nice day.
I am looking for a place to stay with 4 stars.|Certainly, is there an area of town you prefer?
No, but it should have free wifi, 4 stars, and free parking.|There are quite a few options that match your needs -would you prefer cheap or moderately priced?
No. You can pick the hotel. I will need it for 3 people lasting 2 nights, from Friday.|I have booked you a room at the Acorn Guest House. They are at 154 Chesterson Road, CB41DA. Their phone number is 01223353888. Can I help you with anything else?
Yes, I need the reference number.|Booking was successful.
Reference number is : UUJ3X14V.
Thanks! I am also looking for suggestions for night clubs.|I have 6 night clubs in the city, 5 are in the centre and 1 is in the South?  Would you like info on any of them?
What is the entrance fee and the phone number for the one in the south?|The Place is a nightclub in the south part of town. I'm sorry,  i do not have the entrance fee. Their phone number is 01223324600. Is there anything else?
No, that's all I needed! Thanks you've been so helpful! Bye!|You are most welcome. Enjoy your visit!
Hello. Can you recommend a good hotel in the centre?|I have three hotels in the Centre. Would you like moderate or expensive prince range?
Price is no object, but i would like free parking and wifi.|Great, since price is no object I recommend University Arms Hotel.  Its an expensive 4 star hotel with free parking and internet.  Want me to book it?
Yea, I'd like to book for 3 people. We will need 4 nights, starting on Wednesday.|The booking has been successful. Your reference number is NL0GG0ZZ.
Thank you. Have a good night!|You're welcome! Have a great night.
Hi, I am coming to Cambridge next week and am really excited by all tourist attractions available.|Yes there are many options available.  Do you have a preference for type or location?
Im looking for a hotel in the west that's cheap.|I have 2 options that fit your criteria. Are you looking for a hotel or guesthouse?
No preference on that. What's the best cheap place in that part of town?|I would suggest Finches Bed and Breakfast. They have 4 stars and offer free wifi and parking. It's a great little guesthouse. Can I book you a room?
Sure, can I get the phone number and postcode please?|Absolutely! The phone number is 	01223276653 and the postal code is cb30nd. Is there anything else I can do for you?
Yes. I need some information on attraction called Tenpin.|They are an entertainment place in the south area.  The address is cambridge leisure park, clifton way
Can you tell me the postcode also please?|I'd be happy to get that for you. The postcode is cb17dy.
Do you have its address as well?|The address is cambridge leisure park, clifton way.
OK, great, I'm sure I can find it now.|Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
Nope, that is it. Thanks!|Okay, have a great day!
I'm looking for a cheap Chinese restaurant.|How about Charlie Chan in the centre right by Regent Street City Centre?
If that is cheap, it sounds perfect to me.|It is cheap. Would you like me to book that?
No need to book anything. But can you give me their address please?|Certainly. The address is Regent Street City Centre. Do you need anything else today?
Thanks. Is there a college nearby?|Downing College is also located on Regent Street, would you like their information?
May I have their address please?|Downing College is located in the city centre, the phone number is 01223334860, admission is free, the postal code is cb21dq.
Okay, thank you for your help. That's all.|Enjoy your day, and thank you!
I'm looking to stay at a moderate priced place with free parking.|Both the Ashley Hotel and the Lovell Lodge fit that bill.  They are both pretty similar, do you have any preference?
Do either of them have a star rating of 4?|No, both of those hotels have 2 star ratings and are located in the north part of town. Do you want a 4 star hotel somewhere else?
I would like a 4 star hotel that is priced moderatly. I don't have preference in the part of town.|I have 9 available but there are no hotels, only guesthouses. Is that okay?
A guesthouse would be fine.|Okay, for how many people how long and when please?
I need to book for 3 people on 3 nights starting tuesday.|The booking for Acorn Guesthouse was successful. The reference number is A3J9JE6H.
Are there any colleges in town? I want to see some.|Education is a core of industry in cambridge, we have 18 college, any preference by area?
No area preference. I would appreciate a recommendation.|i recommend corpus christi. it is in the centre
Ok that sounds good. Could you tell me what the entrance fee is there?|no fee's it is free admission
Perfect, that takes care of me, thanks for your help.|Have a nice day.
Hi there! I'm looking for a 3-star place to say in the south area of town.|I have a moderately priced guesthouse and a relatively expensive hotel, both rated at 3 stars, both with free parking and internet. Want to flip a coin?
No I prefer to go with the moderately priced guesthouse, does it have free wifi?|Yes, free wifi and parking. Can I book it for you?
Not at this time but can you give me the phone number, please?|Sure, the phone number for the Bridge Guest House is 01223247942. Can I help you with anything else today?
I am also interested in finding something fun to do in the south. Are there any "must see" attractions you suggest?|There are several attractions in the south.  There are a couple nice parks, a theatre, a museum and a nightclub.  Which type would you like to visit?
just any that is inn the same area as the hotel|Ok, how about the byard art museum? It has free admission.
Sure. Can I have the phone number and address, and also how much it will cost?|The cost of the Byard Art Museum is free to get into, the phone number is 01223464646 and the address is 14 king's parade.
i also need taxi service to get me from bridge guest house to the art museum. i want to leave the hotel by 14:15.|Okay, I have a grey honda booked to pick you up at 14:15.  The contact number is 07602309697.  Can I help with anything else?
No thank you that is all I need.|I'm glad I was able to help you. Thanks for using our service have a nice day.
Hello, I am looking for something to do in the west part of town. It sould involve multiple sports.|Unfortunately none of those places exist here. Any other preferences?
Hm, can you tell me about what entertainment venues might be on the west side of town instead?|There's a fun place called Whale of a Time at unit 8, viking way, bar hill.
Thank you, can I please get an address and postal code.   Is there an entrance fee that will be charged.|The address is Unit 8, Viking Way, Bar Hill in postcode cb238el. I'm sorry, I do not know if there is an entrance fee. Do you need anything else?
Nope, that's all I needed today. I appreciate your help!|You are welcome! Have fun! Goodbye!
i need information of a hotel called allenbell.|Sure, great guesthouse on the east side.  4 stars but still cheap.
Could you make a reservation for 8 people for 5 nights starting Tuesday? I will also need the reference number.|Yes I was able to do this and the reference number is J7S65ALV.
I am also looking for an entertainment place.|Would you like the attraction in the same area as the guesthouse?
That doesn't really matter. What's the entrance fee and area for your favorite entertainment place?|My favorite is Nusha. It's in the south. Unfortunately, I don't have the information on their entrance fee, but I can give you their phone number, if you like.
That would be fine. I think that's all I need. Thanks for your help!|Ok. Thank you and good bye.
I am looking for a swimmoingpool in the east. Can you tell me what is available and if they have an entrance fee, please?|The only one is the Abbey Pool & Astroturf Pitch. Unfortunately, I do not have information on the entrance fee. I can give you their number if you like.
That's okay. Thank you for your help.|You're welcome!  Is there anything else that I can help you with today?
Are there any places to book rooms that have both free wifi and free parking, or is it more of a one or the other thing?|There are many hotels that offer both. Which area of town are you interested in and what is your price range?
I am looking for an expensive hotel and have no preference about location.|I found 5 expensive hotels with free internet and parking.  Huntington Marriott hotel is in the west part of town. Would you like me to book a room there?
Yes, can you book that for 6 people staying 3 nights starting Wednesday? I will need the reference number as well please.|Booking was successful. Your reference number is 8E863IRU. Can I help you with something else?
No, that should be all.  I appreciate your help!|Happy to help! Enjoy your stay!
Can you help me find a college to visit in the centre?|We have christ's college 	in the centre
Perfect, can I get the address?|Christ's College is located on Saint Andrew's Street and their phone number is 01223334900. Do you need additional information?
how much is its entrance fee?|There is no entrance fee it is free.
I'm looking for somewhere to go in the West of town|There are a few places, do you have any preferences in attraction types?
Great!  I'd like to visit a pool.  Can you give me the address please?|No pools in the west. Perhaps another area or type?
Oh, that's too bad.  I guess just any place that you could recommend?  Something popular.  I'll need an address so I can look it up later.|I have abbey pol and astroturf pitch located in the east side. Would that work?
No, I really would prefer to stay on the West side of town|Since there are no pools on that side of town how about the funky fun house at 8 mercers row, mercers row industrial estate?
Thanks. I also need a train for saturday.|how many tickets, where are you going to and from and what time would you like to arrive? I need this in order to help you
I am traveling from cambridge to stevenage on Saturday and want to arrive by 12:15. I just need the price, train ID, and how long it will take.|In order for me to get you a price, I have to know how many people are in your party.
Again, I just need to know the price of a ticket, the train ID, and the duration of the train ride between Cambridge and Stevenage.|I have train TR3259 leaving at 5:21 and arriving at 6:10 travel time 49 minutes. The cost is 10.24 pounds per person.
Thank you, that is everything I needed!|Have a good trip!
I have a question about places to go in Cambridge today.|Sure, what is your question?
I'd like to visit a college and need to know the area, phone number, and entrance fee if that applies.|Clare Hall is a great college in the western part of town. They have free admission. Would this interest you? Or shall I try a different college?
What is their phone number?|Their phone number is 01223332360
i'm also looking for a specific restaurant.|What is the name of the restaurant?
It is Da Vinci Pizzeria. I need a booking for 3 people at 17:45 on Monday.|I was able to reserve that table for you. Your reference number is VJ04SVH4. Anything else I can help you with today?
No, thank you. That will be all today. Goodbye.|Great! Have a great day!
i need a place to stay|Luckily there is something for everyone here. Could you tell me a little more about what you're looking for?
2 stars, free parking and WiFi, located in the south, please.|There are no hotels with a 2 star rating that meet your criteria. However, we have several 3 and 4 star options. Would you be interested in one of those?
do you have a 2 star in the east ?|We do. Express by Holiday Inn Cambridge. Would you like their number, or a reservation?
Can you reserve me a room for Friday for 4 people, 2 nights please?|I was able to book you per your request.  Your reference number is : F91TKJ02.
Okay, great. Thank you!|Thank you. Is there anything else?
I am also looking for a theatre to visit. Do you have any recommendations?|We have five choice, any preferences?
No, just one you think is the best.|I highly suggest the Junction on Clifton Way.
Sounds great. Can I get the address and phone number please?|They are on Clifton Way. Their phone number is 01223511511
I also need to know what area that is in?|It is in the South part of town. Can I help you with anything else?
Yes, one more thing. I need a taxi from the theatre to the hotel.|What are the times you would like to leave and/or arrive?
I need to leave Junction on Clifton Way by 7:45 and go to Express by Holiday Inn Cambridge.|Booking completed!
Booked car type	:	blue skoda
Contact number	:	07267403400
Thank you, that's all I need today.|you are welcome, call me in case you need anything else.
I need to find a train to take me to stansted airport.  Can you help me?|I have many trains going to Stansted Airport.  What is your preferred departure and arrival time?
the train should leave Cambridge on Tuesday and arrive by 21.30|TR8261 leaves cambridge Tuesday at 9:40 and arrives at stansted airport by 10:08. Would you like to buy a ticket?
Yes I'd like to book for 3 and get the reference number if I could.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 30.29 GBP payable at the station. Reference number is TXK6U7DG.
We would like to find a restaurant that is north of town.|There are 9 restaurants that match your request. What price range are you interested in?
Please find me one in the expensive price range.|What type of food would you like?
I don't care as long as it's expensive.|Hakka is an expensive Chinese restaurant in the north. Would you like to reserve a table?
No. Please get me their address instead.|Certainly. Hakka's address is Milton Road in Chesterton. What else can I assist with?
give me information about tenpin and a taxi to commute between these two places|Tenpin is great entertainment located on Cambridge Leisure Park, Clifton Way.   What day do you need the taxi for?
Could I get the postcode for Tenpin?|The postcode for Tenpin is cb17dy.
Thank you! Sorry about that. I will need a taxi to leave the attraction by 05:00.|I can set that up for you. where are you going?
I need to go from the attraction by 05:00 to the restaurant.|Booking completed!
Booked car type	:	red volvo
Contact number	:	07731620452
thanks for all of your help!|You're welcome. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No. I'm good. Thanks a lot. Goodbye.|Have a nice day.
Can you help me find a british restaurant in the centre?|There are 7 moderate and expensive restaurants in the centre; do you have a price range you prefer?
Anything is fine. I need a reservation for 2 at 11:15 on Monday.|The reservation at The Copper Kettle on Monday at 11:15 for 2 people was successful. Your Reference number is : PLRLM5II.
Thank you so much for your help.|Glad to be of assistance.  Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Can you please give me some information about downing college?|that is located at the centre
Yes, can you tell me how much is the entrance fee?|Downing College has a free entrance fee.
Sweet, I will head there now.   Thank you that is all I need, you have rocked my world.|Any time more than happy to help.
No, that's all I needed. thanks again.|No problem! Enjoy yourself.
What's fun to do on the south side?|Cinema Cinema is the first attraction listed.
What type of attraction is it and how much does it cost?|Cineworld Cinema is a cinema. I can't find information on the price. You may call them directly at 00872208000. Do you need anything else?
Yes, can you call them for me please. I am not from the area and do not want charges on my phone.|Thank you so much for helping me find an attraction. I have the number and I will give them a call. You have a great day.
I am visiting Cambridge and want to see some entertainment.|There are entertainment attractions in the east, south, and west areas. Which would work best?
Any area is fine|cherry hinton hall and grounds located in the east is a very nice place to visit.
Sounds good, I will give it a try, can I also get a place ot stay with free wifi and parking?|Sure, what area of town would you like to stay in?
Preferably in the north.|what is your price range to narrow down on our choices
I'm open to any price range as long as it meets everything else I need.|There are 2 hotels with 2 stars. There are also 9 guesthouses with 0-, 3- or 4-stars. Which do you prefer?
I think I'd choose one of the hotels.  Either is fine, could you recommend one?  And give me it's price range?|lovell lodge has a moderate price range. is that it?
Yes that will be all, thank you.|you are welcome any time
Can you find a college for me to visit?|There are 18 colleges in Cambridge. Do you have an area in mind?
No, where would you recommend?|Easiest would be to find the closest one. You can always visit Christ's college in the centre
May I have their phone number please?|Christ's College is located in the centre of town and their phone number is 01223334900
Thank you may I also have a name of a restaurant that is moderately priced and serves European food.  Located in the South?|Restaurant Alimentum at 152-154 Hills Road is my all time favorite.
Fantastic.  Can you book a table for 7 on Saturday at 19:00?|I have you booked for 7 at restaurant alimentum on Saturday at 19:00. Their address is 152 - 154 Hills Road and their phone number is 01223413000.
Thank you. Thank is all. Good bye.|Have a nice day!
Hi, I'm looking for something to do in town. Are there any place like college I can visit in the centre of town?|There are 13 of them.  Downing College on regent's street is free, you might be interested in it.  Do you have any specific needs?
How about the phone number?|Their phone number is 01223334860. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes I also need a train leaving after 12:45 from cambridge|Where are you wanting to go to and what day?
I would like to go to Norwich and leave on a Saturday.|There is a train that leaves at 13:36 and arrives at 14:55, can I book you for that?
Yes, please. I need 8 tickets and my reference number please.|I have 8 tickets booked for you and your reference number is 90IJJ88B.
That should be it! Thank you for your assistance!|Thank you for contacting us today, have a nice day.
I'm looking for a moderately priced guest house. Can you recommend one?|There are 15 options. Do you have a specific area you would like to stay in? And are you interested in wifi and parking?
I don't care about wifi or parking.  To be honest, I don't care what area it is in, either.  What would you pick?|I would go with the Acorn Guest House if I were choosing a moderately price guesthouse.
Sounds nice. What is the address and postcode please?|The address is 154 Chesterton Rd, the postal code is cb41da, is there anything else that I can assist with?
I'm also looking for an attraction preferably on a boat in the west.|There are no boats in the west, can I try something else for you?
Hmm. What about museums?|Cambridge and county folk museum is available, would you like that?
Sure. That sounds good. Can I get their address and postcode please?|Sure their address is 2-3 Castle Street and the postcode is cb30aq
Thanks! I also need a taxi between both locations, please.|Can you tell what time you want to be picked up and at which location?
I want to leave the hotel by 23:15.|Booking completed! Your contact number is 07349924614. The car type is a black ford. Can I help you with anything else?
Wow that was fast thanks!  No, that is all I needed.  Hope you have a wonderful day.|Thank you for contacting Cambridge TownInfo centre. Goodbye!
I'm planning a trip to Cambridge and will need a place to stay. I prefer a guesthouse with 3 stars and should include free wifi.|There are three hotels which meet your needs, any preferences in area?
Are any of those guesthouses? I don't really care for hotels.|All three of the places I mentioned are guesthouses.  One is in the south, one is in the north, and one is in the west.
Could you see if you could book me a room in one that is moderately priced?|Which area would you prefer?
I do not care,  book it for 3 people and 5 nights starting from sunday.|OK, you have a room booked at the Hamilton Lodge, ref#6ZQBEZBT. Is there anything else I can help you find today?
Actually, yes. I am wanting to find out some information on the Jesus Green Outdoor Pool.|Sure! The jesus green outdoor pool is located between victoria road and the river and the phone number is 01223302579.
Ok that is all I need today. Thanks, good bye.|Okay glad I could help.
i need a guest house which has free parking|What part of town do you want to stay in?
No specific area. I would like it to have free wifi and 4 stars.|I have 16 entries that are a match. What area would you like the hotel in?
I am not particular as long as it has a 2 star rating, free wifi and is a guesthouse.|I'm sorry, can you just clarify whether you prefer 2 or 4 stars?
Sure, I need a 4 star guesthouse with wifi and parking. The area doesn't matter.|how about the archway, its moderately prices and has free wifi and parking?
That sounds good. I'd like to book a room for 2 people starting on Saturday and lasting 5 nights.|Alright, you're all booked. Your reference number is JAKFVTLQ. Can I help with anything else today?
I'm looking for info on soul tree nightclub.|It's located in the centre. Here's the phone number 01223477900. The address is 1-6 corn exchange street
Can you tell me what type of attraction this is and the entrance fee?|Sure. Soul Tree Nightclub is a nightclub attraction. The entrance fee is 4 pounds.
Thank you so much for your help. That was all I needed.|You're welcome!  Have a great day!
i am looking for a place to stay. The hotel should be in the north and should include free wifi.|The Archyway House is a guesthouse in the north with free internet and parking. Would you like me to book for you?
Does it have 4 stars? If so, go ahead and book it!|Sure thing! How many people will be staying, what day to you want your stay to start, and how long?
1 people, 4 nights starting monday. Thanks.|Booking was successful. Reference number is : 3AHJV6HE.
I am also looking for an attraction in the middle of town.|I can help you with that.  What type of attraction are you looking for?
I would like something with architecture I think.|How about all saints church?
Sure, can you get me the information?|All Saints Church is in the centre area and has free admission.
Can you tell me the address and phone number to the All Saints Church.|Sure the address is jesus lane and the phone number is 01223452587, there is no entrance fee's either.
Cool. Can you have a taxi pick me up at 19:00 at the hotel and take me to the attraction? And i'll need car and contact info|A grey skoda is booked for you and can be reached at 07908464807. How else can I help?
I think that's all I need for today. Thanks for the help. Goodbye.|You are welcome. It was my pleasure to help you. Goodbye from the Cambridge TownInfo centre.
I'm looking for find more information about an attraction I want to visit.  What can you tell me about Gallery at Twelve a High Street?|That's a museum on the east side, with free admission.
What is their postcode?|Their postcode is cb15dh. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Yes, I am coming from peterborough to cambridge, I need to take a train that will allow me to arrive by 08:15|What day will you be traveling on?
monday is fine|well I can put you on the tr6741 you will arrive at 08:09, how many tickets please?
i want to make a booking for 6 people.|Okay great! Your reference number is HAXFBKAP, is that all you needed?
Yes, thank you for all your help. Have a good day!|Do you need help finding a restaurant? Cambridge has all types of cuisines.
thank you for all your help. Have a good day!|You're welcome. Goodbye
I'm looking for a train to anywhere on Wednesday.|The TR3702 to london kings cross departs wednesday at 05:00.
Wonderful! How much is that ticket? When does it arrive? Where does it depart from?|The train arrives by 05:51 and departs from Cambridge, the price is 23.60 pounds.
Now that I think about it, I will need a way to get from Stevenage to Cambridge. I'd like to take a train on Wednesday and arrive by 12:30.|There are 3 trains that would work for you. The TR4626 arrives at 10:43. Would you be interested in that one?
What is the travel time for that train?|Train TR4626 departing from stevenage and arrivign at cambridge at 10:43 is 12.80 pounds.
Great I'm also looking for a park in cambridge.|Sure, cherry hinton water play, milton country park, sheep's green and lammas land park fen causeway, wandlebury country park are free, cambridge university botanic gardens is four pounds.
Please just pick a great park for me and provide the postcode.|Sure! Cherry Hinton Water Play is at postcode cb18dw. Anything else I can help you with?
Nope, that's all I needed!  You've been a big help!|You are welcome, goodbye.
Hi, I am looking for attractions in the centre of town. Do you have any recommendations?|There are a lot of attractions to see in the centre, from architecture, colleges, and museums.  What kind of attractions are you looking for?
I'll visit anything. I don't much care the type.|How about Old Schools? It's an architecture attraction that's free.
Ok. What is the address and phone number for old schools?|Old Schools is on Trinity Lane, and their phone number is 01223332320. Can I help with anything else today?
I also need a train to leave after 10:45 from kings lynn|There are a quite a few trains that leave from kings lynn. Did you want to leave on a certain day? Or arrive by a certain time?
The train should leave on monday and should go to cambridge. I don't care about the arrival time.|The TR0684 which leaves at 11:11 would work well for you. Want me to book that?
I would like to book that for 8 people please. Can i get the reference number?|All booked! The reference number is M50TGTUW.
Thank you for the help! Have a nice day.|You have a great day too! Don't forget, when you're in a bind, call the Cambridge TownInfo centre!
I'm looking for places to visit on the south side of town.|I have museums, nightclubs, entertainment venues and cinema. is there a particular attraction you are looking for?
I'm open to anything really. Surprise me and recommend one and get me the address.|I recommend the Byard Art Museum at 14 King's Parade in postcode cb21sj. Can I help you with anything else?
please give me information about the gandhi|It is an Indian restaurant located in the centre area of town.  Were you interested in book a table?
Yes, could you please book a table for me thank you.|What day and time would you like?
It would be for Saturday for 4 people at 20:00 please.|A table has been booked for four people on Saturday at 20:00. It will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is TSS303TH. How else may I help you?
Oh yeah, I just remembered, I'm going to need a taxi to commute between these two locations.|I want to confirm you are departing byard art to arrive at Gandhi restaurant by 20:00. Is this correct?
yes this is correct.|I have booked your taxi. Be expecting a blue Lexus. Please call 07043827039 should you need to reach them.
Thank you for your help.|Thank you for using the Cambridge TownInfo Center. Goodbye
Can you help me find a train arriving at 18:15 going to cambridge?|Sure! Where are you heading in from? And what day?
I am leaving Peterborough going to Cambridge on Monday and I need to get there by 18:15, can you help me with that?|Sure thing, would you like me to book this for you?
I'll need passage for five, but I also need to know what time the last train gets there before 18:15.|which day do you want to travel to narrow down my options
Monday would be best please.|how about TR3021? it leaves at 05:19
That'll do. I'll need 5 tickets.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 82.5 GBP payable at the station .
Reference number is : CWLKMZER.  What else can I do for you today?
I need to find some place in the east for multiple sports.  I'd like to get the address, phone number, and postcode please.|It is at colville road, cherry hinton, postcode cb19ej, phone 01223576412.
Okay, thank you.|Is there anything else I can do for you?
no thats all for today|im glad i was of some help
Thanks again, thats all for now.|Okay. Enjoy your visit to cambridge! It's a wonderful place.
I need a recommendation for some entertainment in the city.|I'd be happy to help you. Whale of a time is in the west side of town, and funky fun house is in the east. Would you like more information?
Do you have anything else closer to the centre of town? Or perhaps a theater?|The cambridge arts theatre is in the centre area. Would you like more information?
Yes please, can I have the phone number and entrance fee.|Sure.  The phone number is 01223503333, but I'm not sure of the fee.
That's all I need. Thank you for your assistance!|You are very welcome! Have fun! Goodbye!
Can you help me find some entertainment in Cambridge?|There are many things to do in Cambridge; clubs, museums, churches, boating etc. What would you like to do?
I don't care but I need the area, entrance fee, and postcode of entertainment available in town.|I'd recommend All Saints Church in the centre. Their postcode is cb58bs and they have free entrance. Anything else I can help you with?
Yes, I am looking for a place to dine.  Can you recommend a restaurant in the expensive price range that serves Swiss food?|I'm sorry, there are no Swiss restaurants in the area.  Do you have another kind in mind that I could assist with?
How about British food?|I have several restaurants which serve British food in different areas of the town. Is there an area you prefer?
I'm sorry I did not want British food.  Are there any chinese restaurants instead located in the centre area?|Yes, I have found 4. Ugly duckling, tang chinese, hk fusion and sesame restaurant and bar. Would you like any of these?
Which is your favorite? Can you get me the address, postcode, and phone number? I'll give them a call myself.|i would recommend the sesame restaurant and bar the address is 17 Hills Road City Centre, cb21nw. phone number is 01223358899. is there anything else i can assist with?
No that is all. Thank you.|You're welcome. Have a great day!
Could you help me find a moderately priced guesthouse?|I found 15 do you have any other requirements to help narrow it down?
Yes. The guesthouse must include free parking and free wifi.|Carolina bed and breakfast has free parking and internet. It is located in the east with a moderate price range. Will this suit your needs?
Yes it will. Please book it for 4 people staying 3 night starting on Friday.|I'm sorry but the booking was unsuccessful. Would you like to book another day or for a shorter stay?
Could you tell me if it is available for one night?|I am sorry but the Carolina Bed and Breakfast is not available for one night either, may I check another guesthouse for you?
Yes, please find another moderate guesthouse with free parking and wifi to book.|I'm sorry, I have tried the Hobson House and The acorn guest house for 3 nights.  Could you possibly book a different day to check in?
Do you have any hotels with free wi-fi and parking in the moderate price range?|Yes. i have the Ashley North and the Lovell Lodge.  Do you have a preference?
Hmmm ... let's try booking the Acorn Guesthouse for 1 night? 4 people, arriving Friday.|I'm sorry, but it's not available.
Are there any other hotels available?|How about we try the Lovell Lodge, if that's okay?
That would be fine with me|Lovell lodge does not have availability on Friday either. Would you like to try another guesthouse? Does the area matter? We could try kirkwood house, it is in the north.
Oh dear.  Can you try one more time? Moderate guest house, free wifi and parking, for 1 night, Friday, 4 people?  I really need this room.|Sorry, I tried all 12 of the avaialble places with those requirements and there is no availability.
Well what about helping me find something to visit in Cambridge? What is there to do on the west side?|I apologize for the trouble earlier. I managed to find you a guesthouse called The Hamilton Lodge and made a successful reservation. The reference number is EL0WI0ZV.
Oh, thank goodness. I was getting worried. Can you recommend any fun things to do in the west side of town?|You could always visit Churchill College.
Okay, what kind of attraction is that? May I have their postcode and phone number please?|Churchill college is a college in the west. The phone number is 01223336233. The postcode is cb30ds. Can I help with anything else?
No, that's all I need today. You have been very helpful. Thanks!|You're welcome, please enjoy your visit to Cambridge.
I'd like to find a college to visit in the center of town.|I have found 13 of them. Can you please be more specific about what you would like?
You can choose one for me and give me the address.|I recommend Emmanuel college. Their address is saint andrew's street
Thank you! Can you also help me find a place to stay with free wifi?|There are 32 hotels that offer free internet, is there a price range or area you prefer?
moderate price range thank you|I narrowed it down to 17.  What part of town would you prefer and do you want free parking?
I would prefer the north please.|I would suggest the acorn guest house it is a great place to stay.
That will be fine. I'll need to book for Saturday, 3 nights, and 1 person.|You're all set! Your reference number is 41BK9PC7.
Actually one more thin, I need a taxi from the hotel to the restaurant, I want to leave at 09:45.|Okay, I booked a yellow honda and their contact number is 07225232221. Do you need help with anything else?
No that will be it for today.|No thank you that will be all
I am looking for a Persian restaurant with expensive price range food.|Unfortunately I can't find any matching records. Could you like to try any other food type?
Oh, how disappointing. There are no expensive persian restaurants in the center of town?|No, I am afraid I have no listing for one. Would you like to try another area or pricerange?
Is there a italian restaurant in the centre of town in the expensive range?|Yes there are 4 italian restuarants that are expensive in the centre of town.  Stazione, Clowns Cafe, Don Pasquale Pizzaria, and Cafe Uno.  Would you like a reservation?
I've heard good things about Clowns Cafe. Do you have the address?|Clowns Cafe is located at 54 King Street City Centre.
Do you know of any nightclubs in the area?|There are 5 in that area: Ballare, Club Salsa, Kambar, Soul Tree Nightclub, and The Fez Club. Would you like more information about 1 of these?
All of those sound great. Can you recommend one and just give me the postcode and entrance fee?|The ballare is perfect. cb23na is the postcode and the entrance fee is 5 pounds.
Thanks. Now can you have a taxi take me from the restaurant to Ballare? I want to leave after 18:30. I'll need car type and contact number too.|Booking completed!
Booked car type	:	black honda
Contact number	:	07608331864 Is there anything else I can help you with?
Thanks for that! Can you double check when the car is picking me up? I think I misspoke - I'd like to leave the restaurant by 18:30, not after.|I have you leaving by that time in the black Honda. May I help with anything else?
That is all I needed. Thanks for all your help!|You're welcome, have a safe trip.
I'm coming to visit Cambridge! I can't wait to see all of the local tourist attractions! Do you have any Mediterranean restaurants around there?|Oh yes we have at least three restaurants located in the city center that serve Mediterranean food. They vary in price range. Do you have a preference?
Yes, expensive. The food should serve eritrean food. British if that's not available.|There is La Mimosa and Shiraz restaurant that are both in the Centre and both expensive.  Would you like me to book one of these for you?
Yes, book the Shiraz for one at 11:00 on Monday, please.|Sorry they seem to be full. Could we try another time/
Um. How about 10:00?|Your booking was successful for 10:00 on monday. Is there anything else  I can assist you with today?
I will need the reference number. Also, I'm looking for places to go in the south.|The reference number for your booking is AYK7PMNB. Is there any place in particular you wish to go?
I don't know the city very well. Do you have any recommendations for attractions in the south?|There are eight attractions in that area, is there a type of attraction you would prefer?
A museum if you have it, otherwise I'll take what you have at the top of your list.|I can recommend Byard Art museum. Admission is free.
That sounds perfect! Can I have the address and phone number?|Sure. The phone number is 01223464646 and the address is 14 King's Parade. Is there anything else I can help you with?
That's all I need!|Thank you, please let me know if you have any more question.
I'd love to visit a museum - can you help me find one, please?|Sure.  There are 23 museums in Cambridge.  Is there a particular area or type of museum you are interested in?
I do not have a preference on the area.|How about the byard art museum located at 14 king's parade?
That sounds intriguing.  What area is that in?  And is there an entrance fee?|It is in the south and admission is free
Are there any in the centre you can tell me about as well?|Yes. There are 11 in the centre. Would you like to know more about one?
Can you suggestion one?|The broughton house gallery is very nice
How much does it cost to get in? My funds are very limited|no entrance fee charged
Grand. Can I also get your help with  train? I need to get to Stansted airport by 16:45 on Wednesday.|And where are you leaving from?
cambridge is where i will be leaving|Train TR0678 will arrive by 16:08. Is that ok for you?
No.  The train needs to leave after 16:45.|I have gotten two different responses. You said you need to arrive by 16:45 and leave by 16:45. It can only be one or the other.
I need to leave after 16:45 please.|Ok great, the TR8893 will fit your needs. How many tickets do you need?
No tickets, just the arrival time and I am all set.|The arrival time is 18:08.
Have a nice day.|Can I help you with anything else today?
No thank you.|Have a nice day.
Can you help me look for train leaving from Stevenage?|Absolutely! What day will you be traveling?
I need to leave after 14:45 on Thursday.|TR1596 leaves at 15:54 and gets into Cambridge at 16:43.  Will that work?
I am also looking for some entertainment in town.|there are a variety i will book for you the one you like it is a pleasure to serve you
Can you find a place to go in the east?|It's what I do! Are you hoping for something fun, like Funky Fun House, or more relaxing, like the Abbey Pool and Astroturf Pitch?
I think I would like the relaxing option. What kind of place is it and where is it located?|That is a swimmingpool and located at pool way, whitehill road, off newmarket road. Can I help with anything else?
I'm also looking for a restaurant|I'll be happy to help with that. What kind of food are you looking for?
The restaurant should serve indian food.|There are 22 indian restaurants in cambridge. Do you have an area of town or a pricerange in mind?
I would like one that is in the expensive range.|curry garden is a nice place in the centre.
Great! Can you please book a table for 7 people at Curry Garden? Do they have any openings for 19:15 on Monday?|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : L9QZ3HMU. Will there be anything else ?
Thank you so much!  I'm really looking forward to this dinner!|I really hope you enjoy it.  Can I help you with anything else?
No that will be it. Thank you so much.|Thank you for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre.  Goodbye
I am looking for a train that can take me to bishops stortford leaving on thursday.|What time do you need to leave or arrive?
I need to leave from Cambridge and arrive in Bishops Stortford before 09:15.|There are two early morning trains that will get you there by 9:15, with arrivals at 6:07 or 8:07. Would you like a ticket on one of those?
I will take the later arrival, and I just need 1 ticket. I also will need the reference number.|Booking was successful for TR2617 that arrives by 08:07, the total fee is 10.1 GBP payable at the station. Reference number is : CA1AHDSD.
Could I also get information about places to go in the Town Centre?|said to skip
Can you tell me about attractions located in the centre of town?|Certainly, I have many architectural venues, also cinemas, colleges and some museums. Any preference for type of attraction?
A cinema works, could you pick one for me and provide the etrance fee, phone number, and confirm the attraction type?|Sure, Vue Cinema the phone number is 08712240240. I don't have the entrance fee information. And I do confirm that it is  a Cinema type attraction.
Thank you for all your help today.|You're very welcome. Have a wonderful day and thanks for contacting the Cambridge TownInfo centre!
Hi, I am planning a trip and could use some help finding a particular attraction.|Sure what type of attraction can I help you find?
I would like a museum in the west please.|Kettle's yard is found in Castle street. Their entrance fee is free.
Can I get the phone number for that one?|the phone number is 01223748100.
Thank you.  Could you also find a guesthouse with a four star rating and free parking?|Is there a certain area you'd like it to be in or would you like me to make a recommendation?
Whatever you recommend will work. It need it booked for Wednesday, 2 nights, 7 people. I'll need the reference number as well please.|I booked a room at the Acorn Guest House. Your reference number is P11X2D77.
thanks. you were very helpful. goodbye.|You're welcome!  Have a wonderful day.
This heatwave is killing me and the kids are screaming about being too hot, can I get info on pools in the centre area?|parkside pools is a nice place to cool your screaming kids off.
That's great! What postcode is that?|Parkside Pools post code is cb11ly
Can you find me a train I'm leaving cambridge and want to arrive at my designation by 11:30.|Yes but I will need your destination and day of travel
The train should go to leicester and should leave on thursday|I have six trains that meet your criteria. Would you like to make a booking on one of them?
Yes please. Which is the closest one that arrives by 11:30?|TR1755 is your best bet. It will arrive in Leicester at 11:06. Would you like to book tickets on that?
No, thanks. I just need the departure time, please.|The departure time is 09:21. Can I help you with anything else?
That will be all, thank you.|great, have a wonderful day!
I am looking for an attraction in the centre that has multiple sports.|i recommend old school  01223332320
Old School is the multiple sports attraction? Great name. What's the address?|The address is Trinity Lane. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, can you help me find a cheap place to eat?|Sure thing what kind of food do you want?
Before we move on, may I get the postcode of Old School? Also, I'd like to find some information on hotel Express By Holiday Inn Cambridge rather than food.|Sure thing! It is cb21tt
book for 2 people and 5 nights from monday|I've made those reservations and your reference number is 19IY1XE1.
Thanks, again. Finally, I need a taxi between the hotel and the Old School attraction, please.|Absolutely, what is the date and time you would like the taxi for?
The same day, I want it to take me between the two places. I'll need to leave the hotel by 10:30.|Booked your taxi, a black ford. Contact number will be 07004802042.
Great, you've handled all my needs for today! Thanks a ton! Bye!|It was my pleasure! Bye until next time!
Where do I get info on hotels?|You can get information here, through our help desk.
A hotel that has free parking and in the north part of town. I would like one in the moderate price range.|The Ashley Hotel and the Lovell Lodge meet that criteria, would you like me to book one of them for you?
Yes please book the The Ashley Hotel for 7 people and 2 nights starting from wednesday.|I was successful in making your reservation. Your reference number is 2W4KNZYJ. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I would also like to find a boat attraction in the same area.|The Riverboat Georgina would work. It's in the north. Do you need more information?
Yes, I'd like the phone number and postcode.|The phone number is 01223902091 and the postcode is cb43ax.
Okay thank you that is all I need.|Yeah, happy to assist. Let us know if there is anything else you need.
I really have to run. I'm late for work. Goodbye.|Have a great day!
Hi, what are some places to visit in Cambridge?|We have many different attractions in cambridge. What sort of place are you looking for, and in what part of town?
I am looking for a swimming pool, in the east part of town.|Sure, there is abbey pool and astroturf pitch in the east, address is pool way, whitehill road, off newmarket road. What else can I help with today?
Please give me their phone number and entrance fee.|I don't have information on their entrance fee, but their phone number is 01223902088.
I am also looking for a train leaving on Tuesday from Broxbourne after 17:15 headed to Cambridge.|You have 7 trains, starting with TR6368 at 17:32.  Would you like to book that one?
What is the arrival time?|Train TR6368 arrives in Cambridge by 18:32. Do you need anything else? I can help book a trip for you if you like.
That'd be great, thank you.|I'd be happy to book that for you. How many tickets will you need, just one?
Just one please.|I booked you on TR6368 at 17:32. Is there anything else I can help you with?
That will be all, thank you.|Thank you for choosing Cambridge TownInfo centre.  Have a nice trip!
I'm looking for a moderate priced place to dine serving modern european food.|Which specific area are you interested in?
I'm looking for someplace in the center of town.|There are two restaurants fitting your needs, de luca cucina and bar and riverside brasserie. Do either of these sound good to you?
Well I would like modern European food and the prices to be moderate. Do either of these restaurants match those criteria?|De Luca Cucina and Bar and Riverside Brasserie both serve Modern European both are moderate price range. Which would you like?
I would like the address and phone number to De Luca Cucina and Bar. Also looking for places to visit in the same area.|Ok De Luca Cucina and Bar's address is 83 Regent Street and their phone number is 01223356666. For places to visit, did you want it to be in the same area as the restaurant?
I would like it to be in the same area yes.|We have 44 different attractions in the Centre of Cambridge. Can we narrow it down by type, such as nightclub, college, or architecture?
You can recommend anything as long as it is in the same area as the restaurant.|i will recommend old schools. can i give you the contact?
Please, and the entrance fee as well.|Old Schools is an architectural attraction in the centre and they're located at Trinity Lane, post code cb21tt. Their phone number is 01223332320 and their entrance fee is free.
Thanks! I will need a taxi to commute as well.|Okay! From where to where?
leave the attraction by 19:15|I will need your destination in order to book your taxi. Where will you be going to?
I'm going to De Luca Cucina and Bar|Your taxi has been booked. It will be a yellow Skoda and their number is 07417597473.
Have a nice day.|Thank you, let me know if I can assist with anything else.
I'd like some help picking out a restaurant.|Do you have a food preference?
I am looking for something that serves british food in the centre of town.|i got quite a number. can you state your price preference?
I would like to dine somewhere that is expensive.|Fitzbillies Restaurant is in the expensive price range.  Would you like me to book a table?
Could i get their phone number please?|yes, their phone number is 01223352500
Thanks! I'm also looking for something fun to do close to the restaurant. What's around there?|There are a lot of choices, depending on your interests. The Soul Tree Nightclub, for example, or the Cambridge University Botanic Gardens. What sort of thing were you looking for?
any should be OK. please get me the entrance fee and address.I also want to book a taxi to commute between the two places.|The address of the Soul Tree Nightclub is 1-6 Corn Exchange Street, and the entrance fee is 4 pounds. Shall I organize the taxi to that address?
Yes but I need to leave the Night club by 1:45 and go to Fitzbillies restaurant. I'll need the contact number and car type as well.|Ok, I've got you a red lexus, contact number 07216817086 Can I help with anythign else today?
Thank you, thatll be all for now.|You're welcome. If you need anything else, let us know.
Hello, I need some info on Cambridge Museum of Technology|The Cambridge Museum of Technology is on the east side of the city at the Old Pumping Station on Cheddars Lane. Their entrance fee is 5 pounds.
Can I get the postcode for it as well?|Sure.  The postcode is cb58ld. Can I help you with anything else?
I need a train from cambridge and should go to stansted airport.|It looks like there are hourly trains every day. Did you have a day and time in mind?
Yes, Thursday with an arrival by 16:00.|Train TR6456 leave Cambridge at 14:40 and arrives at the airport at 15:08.  Would you like me to book the train?
Yes I would like to book for 3 people, please.|Reference number is : JRAO2H4A. and the price will be 30.29GBP
Thank you so much, that's really helpful. That's all for now.|Have a great trip
Thank you so much, goodbye.|Have a good day and thank you for contacting us.
I would look time find a museum in town.|I can help you with that. What part of town will be visiting?
Any part is fine, what ever you recommend. I need the phone number, address, and postcode please.|I recommend Cambridge Artworks. The museum's phone number is 01223902168 and the address is 5 Greens Road. The postcode isn't in our database but I can find it. Will you hold?
Um, yes I suppose so.|The post code is cb13ef. Anything else then?
I am also looking for a cheap place to dine in the west part of town please.|Sure!  I've heard good things about Thanh Binh, a Vietnamese restaurant.  Does that sound good to you?
I think we got our lines crossed somewhere. I'd like a cheap Panasian restaurant in the west.|Sorry, I couldn't find that type of cuisine in that location. Maybe try another type?
That stinks because I'm really craving Panasian food. But okay, can you see if there are any Italian places in that area?|You're in luck. There are two such places,  what is your price range?
I would like it to be cheap. Does one of them meet that requirement.|la margherita is in the cheap range, would you like me to book you?
I need to book a table for 2 people at 19:15 for Sunday.|I have your table booked. You're reference number is L3OX2AYU. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Nope you did everything I needed.  I appreciate you more then you think!|Thank you for contacting Cambridge TownInfo centre. Goodbye!
I want to know where I can go in the town centre of Cambridge.|There are many places to go in the centre. Are you looking for an attraction or restaurant?
An attraction of any type would be fine as long as it's in the centre, please.|I could recommend old schools. It is architecture and free to see. Would you like more information?
Yes tell me one of those recommendations.|Old Schools is an architectural attraction on Trinity Lane that has no entrance fee. Their phone number is 01223332320. Can I help you with anything else?
Can you provide me the full address including postal code?  Thanks.|The address listed for Old Schools is simply Trinity Lane. And their postcode is cb21tt. Is there anything more I can do for you today?
Yes, I would also like to find an expensive restaurant in the same area.|What kind of food would you like and what price range
I would prefer British food and an expensive price range if possible.|I have three restaurants in the town centre that meet your needs.  Might I suggest the Cambridge Chop house or Fitzbillies restaurant?
Can you please recommend one and give me their postcode and phone number?|The Cambridge Chop House is a favorite of mine. It's located at 1 Kings Parade. Would you like me to book it for you?
No thanks, but I am interested in getting a tax from Old Schools to the Cambridge Chop House. Can you help?|What time will you be needing the taxi service for?
I would like to leave Old Schools by 19:00.|Okay your all set! A red lexus will be picking you up the contact number is 07885505407, is there anything else I can help you with today?
Thank you that will be all I need.|I'm happy to have been of service. Goodbye!
I am looking for a place to stay in the north that includes free wifi.|I have 12 potential places. Would you like a guesthouse or a hotel?
A guesthouse please.|That narrows it down to 10 possibilities. Any other preferences you'd like to share?
I would like free parking and to book it for 2 people, 4 nights starting thursday. Just the best place possible.|Unfortunately, all the guesthouses I have found don't have availability for this long of a stay, would you like me to try for a shorter stay?
Yes, let's try for 2 nights instead. I will also need a reference number.|I have booked you a room at acorn guest house. The reference number is 7X4T9188.
Great, can you also help me find a museum called museum of classical archaeology?|Certainly. That's one of our free museums over on the west side of town.
May I have the postcode for the museum please?|Yes, the postcode is cb39da. Anything else?
No thank you, that will be all for now.|Thank you for contacting Cambridge Towninfo Centre. Have a great day.
Can I get the entrance fee also please?|Admission to the museum is free. Is there anything else I can do for you?
No, nothing at all.|Ok. Enjoy your time at the museum.
I'm looking for a cool place to go in town later.|What type of attraction are you looking for?
I think visiting a College sounds interesting.|What about christ's college?
ok, what area of town is that?|It is located in centre.  Is there anything else you need to know?
Yes, I need a phone number and postcode.|their phone number is 01223334900and code.cb23bu, is that all?
I'm looking for a hotel in the south part of Cambridge that's in a moderate price range.|I'm afraid there are no hotels that meet those requirements?  Is there anything that isn't important in your search?
I wouldn't mind a guest house as long as it includes free wifi.|Ok, great. The Aylesbray Lodge Guest House is in the South, has a moderate price range, internet, and 4 stars. Would you like me to book you a room?
Actually, can you give me the address, phone number, and tell me if they have free parking?|Yes,I can do that.  They have free parking. Their address is 5 Mowbray Road, post code CB17SR. And their phone number is 01223240089. Anything else?
I am also looking for a college to visit while I'm in town.|Sure. There are no colleges in the south; is there a specific part of town you'd like to tour to visit one?
I'd like to try the north. What do you suggest in that area? Please give me the address, phone number and entrance fees if any.  Thank you!|There are none in the north but there several in the centre and west areas.  Would these areas work for you?
No colleges at all? Yes, please tell me the nicest one you know of.|emmanuel college is quite nice and entry is free. Would you like more information about it?
Can I have the phone number and address?|Yes, I will work on getting that for you and be right back with you.
Ok, thank you.|Ok, I have found the information on emmanuel college for you. the phone # is 01223334200, postal code is cb23ap and it is on saint andrew's st. in the centre.
Is there an entrance fee?|No, there is not an entrance fee to enter the building.  Can I assist with something else?
I am looking for a train leaving from Leicester.|You have 133 options to choose from. Where will you be heading?
I need to be in Cambridge by 13:00|What day do you want to travel?
I'm looking to travel on friday.|TR8659 leaves at 10:09 and arrives at 11:54, will that work for you?
Yes. Thank you. Please book it for 7 people.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 264.59 GBP payable at the station .
Reference number is : 6Q8I2TIT.
Thanks so much. I also was hoping you might be able to see if there are any parks in the south?|Absolutely! We have 2 parks in the south. I recommend wandlebury country park. It has free admission.
Can I have the postcode and phone number for that park?|01223243830. Postcode, cb223ae. Anything else?
No that will be ll. Thank you.|Thank you for using our service!
Have a good day.  Bye.|Have a great time, bye now!
I'm looking for a train that arrives by 15:15 on saturday.|Where would you like to depart from and where do you want to arrive at?
I need it to depart from Broxbourne and arrive in Cambridge.|The TR7846 leaves at 09:32 and arrives at 10:32.  Would that work?
Can I get one closer to my arrival time?|Train TR0279 arrives at 14:32 which is the closest one.
That's perfect. Please book it for 4 tickets.|I was able to book you, your reference number is CEP20AFO., total cost 57.28 payable at the station.. Any other questions?
Yes please. I've heard that Emmanuel College is an interesting place. What can you tell me about it?|It is a college in the centre of town located at saint andrew's street, poscode cb23ap and their phone number is 01223334200.
Great!  I appreciate all the info.  Goodbye!|Good night, enjoy the rest of your evening.
I want a hotel with free parking in the center of town.|Sure, I can help you with that.  Do you have a price preference?
Something moderate would be preferred.|I am sorry but there is nothing in the moderate price range.  Would you like another price range?
What about a moderate hotel located in the North?|I have found 9 hotels in north. Do you have any other preferences so we can narrow them down?
No other preferences.  Can you pick one and book it for 6 people for 3 nights starting Friday|I was able to book your party of 6 into Acorn Guest House, reference 1IJ5VMO1. Is there anything more today?
Great I am also looking to go to a museum.|I have found 23 museums. Is there a particular are of the city you interested in?
No, I don't have any preference, other than it's a museum. Could you pick one and give me the area and postcode please?|Broughton House Gallery is located in the centre area and the postal code is cb11ln. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, I need to book a taxi as well to leave the hotel by 13:45.|Booking completed!
Booked car type	:	white tesla
Contact number	:	07199782838
anything else i can help you with?
No that was it. Thank you!|Thank you for contacting Cambridge TownInfo centre. Goodbye!
I trying to plan my trip and need some information about places to visit.|Do you have a specific type of attraction in mind?
yes, how about an architecture kind of attraction?|We have 5 in town, might I suggest All Saints Church?
THAT IS FINE. GET ME THE POST CODE.|Their post code is cb58bs. Is there anything more I can help you with?
Yes, can I have the phone number for the Lan Hong house restaurant?|Sure. The phone number is 01223350420. Can I help you with anything else today?
Please also book restaurant for 5 people on Wednesday at 14:45.|The booking was successful, they will reserve the table for 15 minutes. Your reference number is I6EE0RO2. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No, thank you. I'm all set.|Ok great. Have a wonderful day!
Hey, I need a moderately priced place to stay.|what area of town could you love to stay?
The area doesn't matter, but I do need free wifi.|Seventeen locations meet your criteria. Would you prefer a guesthouse or a hotel?
A hotel is fine whichever you recommend.|I see Ashley Hotel in the North that is a 2 star hotel has free wifi would you like me to book that hotel for you?
Yes, please for 3 people on Monday.|lovely, how many nights will you be staying?
I need to stay for 2 nights with 3 people from Monday.|I was able to book your room for 3 people for 2 nights starting Monday.  The  Reference number is : 5GESSI5X.
Thank you, I'm also looking for some places to go in town. Something along the lines of college, I also need the address and postcode.|Christ's college is located at saint andrew's street and the postcode is cb23bu
Thank you for your help!|Glad to assist, enjoy the rest of your day.
Good morning. I am planning a visit to Cambridge and need some help with details. I hear there are a lot of places to see.|There are plenty of attractions. What area of town are you interested in?
I am interested in the east part of town.|There are 10 different attractions on the east side. There's a boat, a couple of entertainment venues, a few museums, a multiple sports complex, a park, and a swimming pool.
Great!   What I really need is a guesthouse in the East,  What do you have available?|There are 6 guesthouses in the east area. What price range are you looking for?
Price does not matter but it needs to have free parking.|5 places offer, I recommend warkworth house, would you like me to book you?
I would like to book for 5 people for 4 nights starting on Monday|The booking was unsuccessful. Do you have a preference for another day?
See if you can book 2 nights, please.|A reservation for 2 nights was no problem. Your reference number is OZ6M16DN.
Okay, what attractions are nearby the hotel?|what kind of attraction would you like? there are plenty
Take your pick. I am open to anything as long as it is in the east area.|I would recommend the funky fun house, they are located at 8 mercers row, mercers row industrial estate and reachable at 01223304705
Alright I'm going to need a taxi to get to both places, I'll most likely leave the fun house at 6:00.|Alright it is done, look for a white toyota. The contact number is 07951320030 if you have any further questions.
Fantastic, you've been a great help!|Glad to be of service to you, Good bye.
Can you help me find a train coming from kings lynn leaving on sunday?|The TR6003 leaves on sunday.  Would that work?
Does it arrive by 20:15?|I will first need your destination city to determine that.
I am traveling to cambridge.|What time would you like to leave by?
I would like to arrive as close to 20:15 as possible.|Train TR6697 arrives at 19:58, would you like to book this train?
No thank you. I am also looking for places to go in town though|Sure, what are you looking for in general?
I would like a museum.|We have lots of great museums here in town!  Is there a certain part of town you will be exploring?
I think I'd like to explore the western part of town.|We have seven museums in the west. A lot of our visitors start at kettles yard which has free admission.
OKay great thanks for the info.|You're welcome! Can I help you with anything else?
Again thanks for the resources. Have a great day.|i am happy i have been of help to you. good day
Hello, I am planning a trip and need some information on a particular hotel.|Please give me the name of the location.
looking for lensfield hotel, kindly find out whether it has internet and the area|the lensfield hotel is in the south part of town and has internet.  Would you like their phone number.
no but am also looking for places to go in town. The attraction should be in the type of college and should be in the centre|i recommend gonville and caius college	located intrinity street,cb21ta. do you need the phone number?
Yes I would like the phone number.|The college can be reached at 01223332400. Please let me know if you need anything else.
I also need a taxi to get to the college. I want to leave my hotel at 04:45.|A black honda will pick you up at that time, if you have any other questions you can contact them at 07444688519.
Great! Thank you so much for your help. That's all I will be needing for today.|You're welcome. Have a great day!
I going to be staying in the centre part of town, what is there to do at that area?|There's a lot of popular attractions in the centre of town, including boating, cinema, museums, nightclubs, and much more. Do you have a specific preference?
No, I don't have a preference. What's a good place to go to?|I would suggest the Museum of Archaelogy and Anthropology.  It is located at University of Cambridge, Downing Street and has free admission.
May I get the postcode, phone number for that attraction?|Yes, the postcode is cb23dz. The phone number is 01223333516. Can I help you with anything else?
Yes, I'd like information about the Alpha Milton guest house.|alpha-milton guest house is a moderate priced 3 start guesthouse in the north, it does not have free internet or parking. They are located at 63 milton road.
That sounds good please book that for 3 people starting on saturday for 5 nights.|You are all set, the reference number is C3JA0EZJ, any further questions today?
I'd like to book a taxi to take me from the museum to the hotel. If possible, I'd like to leave the museum no later than 24:45.|Booking completed!
Booked car type	:	grey ford
Contact number	:	07511988882
Great. Thank you, that will be all for now. Have a great day.|Okay. Thank you very much.
I am looking for a swimming pool in the area.|There are 4 swimming pools available. Are you looking for one in a specific area?
I'm looking for one on the east end.|Abbey Pool and Astroturf Pitch is in the east part of town. Would you like their phone number?
What is the entrance fee, address and postcode for the Abbey Pool?|I do not have an entrance fee listed but the address for the pool is pool way, whitehill road, off newmarket road and their telephone number is 01223902088.
Thanks. I need a place to eat too. Any expensive indian places near the pool?|There are two, pipasha restaurant, and sitar tandoori would you like one of those?
Yes please try Sitar Tandoori|the Sitar Tandoori is located at 43 High Street Cherry Hinton, postcode cb19hx. Would you like to make a reservation?
Yes please, for 1 person at 17:30 on thursday.|I'm so sorry, but they don't have a table available at that time. Would you like to try for another day or time?
Yes, let's try 16:30 please.|I have successfully booked your restaurant reservation for 1 and your reference number is NKSZHAGP.
Thank you that is all I will need.|You're welcome. Have a great day!
I am traveling to Cambridge and am looking for places to go in the east part of town.|There is a free museum at 5 Greens Road. Does that sound like it might interest you?
Yes, Is that in the east side of town? If so could you let me know the address and postcode please?|That would be the Cambridge Artworks, and yes it is on the east side. The address is 5 greens road.
Is there a Greek restaurant in that part of town as well?|I'm afraid I don't have any listings fro Greek food in that part of town. I do have Indian, Chinese, British and International. Would any of these cuisines do?
That's too bad.  I would be interested in British food.|The Grafton Hotel Restaurant is an expensive British restaurant on the east side. Would you like a table there?
Yes please I need a restaurant for 8 people at 17:30 on saturday.|Booking was successful. Your reference number is: EBD7XCH8
Hello, I'm looking for places to go in the city centre.|There are 44 possible options. What type of attraction are you interested in?
I don't mind what kind.|How about the Vue Cinema located at the grafton centre, east road?
Sure, what is the entrance fee? Also I need a train that departs from Stevenage on Thursday.|I can book a 05:54 for you.
I need the train to leave after 15:45 please. Also do you have the entrance fee for the Vue Cinema?|Sorry, but I do not have the entrance fee for Vue Cinema in my database. I do have a train from stevanage at 15:54 for you, though.
Great can you make that reservation on the train for 7 people and send me the reference number?  Can you also send me the phone number for the Cinema?|The train is booked reference number 3YY4QV9P, and the phone number of the Vue Cinema is 08712240240
Thank you for your help.|You're very welcome, is there anything else I can do for you?
No, that's all I need today. Thank you for your help.|Have a great day then!
I am looking for a place to go in town. Preferably a park that is in the east.|Cherry Hinton Water Play is in the east side. Anything else I can do for you?
Yes. Please get me their address, phone number and their entrance fee.|The park is located at Cherry hinton Hall, Cherry Hinton Road. The phone number is 01223446100 and is free to enter. Is there anything else I can do for you?
Yes, I'm also looking for an expensive restaurant that serves Jamaican food.|I'm sorry, but there are no Jamaican restaurants anywhere in Cambridge. We do have plenty of expensive restaurants, though, so I could find you a different cuisine.
That is fine, how about a restaurant that serves Asian oriental food?|There are two expensive Asian oriental restaurants in Cambridge, one in the north and the other in the centre. Which would you prefer?
Let's try the one in the north. I'd like to book a table for 4 at 19:00 on Wednesday, please.|I'm sorry, there were no more tables available. Would you like to try the other restaurant, or a different time?
I would like to try the other oriental restaurant for the same time 19:00 for party of 4.|I'm very sorry, neither of these restaurants have availability at that time on Wednesday.  Would you like to try another time/day?
Can any of them do a time at 18:00? I'll also need a taxi to travel inbetween two locations.|Your booking for Kymmoy restaurant was successful and your reference number is 5IFCHKNS. The information for you taxi is a Grey Tesla and its contact number is 07674543654.
Wonderful. Thanks for your help. That's all I needed.|You're welcome. Have a great time!
Would you be able to help me locate a restaurant in Cambridge?|We have many great places to eat in Cambridge. What kind of cuisine or price range are you looking for?
I am actually looking for an attraction rather than a place to eat.  Can you help me find a cinema?|There is a cinema in Cambridge Leisure Park, Clifton Way. Would you like me to give you their phone number?
Can you tell me what postcode it's in?|Their post code is cb17dy. Anything else I can do for you?
Yes, I need a place to eat. Mexican food is good, it should be in the south and expensive.|Could you make a reservation for two this Thursday at 7:00 at chiquito restaurant bar?
No, I need a reservation for 4 on Saturday at 14:45.|The restaurant has been booked. Your reference number is 54JMT9OQ. Is there anything else I can do for you today?
I would like to also book a taxi and it should arrive at the restaurant by 14:45. Could you also please give me its contact number and car type?|I would be happy to book your taxi. I will need your departure location and pick up time to complete the reservation.
I would like the taxi to arrive at the restaurant at the time I have it booked please|And where are you departing from?
I would be departing from the cinema at Cambridge Leisure Park.|I'm sorry.  I'm having trouble processing that.  Where are you leaving from again?
I am leaving from the cambridge cinema.|Okay, I have a black volvo scheduled to pick you up at Cineworld Cinema to take you to the Chiquito restaurant. The contact number is 07424735359. Anything else I can do?
No, thank you.|Have a great time! Goodbye.
I am looking for a college in the centre of cambridge|There are several colleges in the center. May I suggest Saint Catharine's College?
OK, that sounds like a good idea. How much does it cost to visit?|The admission is free!
May I have the postcode, please?|Yes, the postcode is cb21rl. Is there any thing else I can help you with?
Yes, I would like an expensive Vietnamese Restaurant in the Centre.|Sorry, I couldn't find any restaurants matching your requirements.
Are there any restaurants that serve italian food in the area?|There are 4 available, can i recommend, stazione restaurant and coffee bar?
Sure that sounds good. I want to book a table for 2 people at 12:45 on Tuesday.|Reference number is : A4RXHHPX. Is there anything else?
That's all I need, thanks so much for your help! Have a good day!|You too, thanks for calling!
Hello i'm looking for places to go in cambridge please.|The Cineworld Cinema is located south at Cambridge leisure park, clifton way. Is there a specific activity you had in mind?
I need a place in the centre.|All Saints Church is in the centre area. The entrance fee is free. Would you like to book that?
Yes, can I get the postcode.|Certainly. All Saints Church is in postcode cb58bs. Can I help you with something else today?
Yes please, we'll be needing somewhere to stay the night. What can you tell me about the Cambridge Belfry? I've heard it's pretty nice, is that true?|It is four stars. What else would you like to know?
Does it have free parking?|The Cambridge Belfry does have free parking. Would you like me to book it for you?
Not right now, but could I please get the address for the hotel?|The Cambridge Belfry is located at back lane, cambourne.  The phone number is 01954714600 and postcode cb236bw.  Is the anything else I can help with?
No that's it, thank you.|I hope you enjoy your stay.  Have a nice day.
Have a nice day!|Thank you. Have a nice day as well. Good bye.
Yes. I need a hotel with free parking. I would like it in the moderate price range.|We have quite a few of those. Do you have any other preferences? Price range, perhaps?
Yes, I am looking for a hotel in the moderate price range.|There are 14 hotels that meet your criteria, do you have a preference in the area?
No I don't care about the area, but I do want a hotel and not a guest house.|Ashley hotel is a hotel located in the north part of town and is in the moderate price range. It also offers free parking and internet. Does this suit you?
That sounds good, can you also provide me with the star rating for it? Thanks|The Ashley Hotel is a 2 star hotel.
Great! I'm also looking for a place to go in the centre. Any suggestions for something fun?|There is a museum on 98 King Street named Broughton House Gallery.
That sounds interesting! May I have their phone number please? And what is the fee to get in?|Yes, their number is 01223314960 and the entry fee is free
I will also need a taxi to get me between the two places, the Ashley hotel and Broughton House.|I am sorry. There must have been a system glitch. The phone number for the broughton house gallery is 01223314960 and the entrance fee is free.
Thank you for correcting that. Can you book a taxi for me? I'd like to go from the Broughton House to the hotel, and leave by 5:30.|I booked you a yellow volkswagen and their number is 07162096037
Thank you! I have everything I need now.|Okay great. Do not hesitate to call us if there is anything else you need.
I am looking for a train which departs from Cambridge and arrives in Kings Lynn. Can you help me with that?|i have 133 trains matching your preferences.  What day would you like to travel?
I would like to leave on Wednesday anytime after 16:45.|I have 7 trains leaving Cambridge on every :11 starting at 17:11. Is there a specific time you would like to arrive by?
No. Anytime after 16:45 is fine please.|TR8627 leaves Cambridge at 17:11 and arrives in Kings Lynn by 17:58.  Would you like to book it?
I would also like information for ADC Theater.  What is the address and phone number?|The address in park street. The phone number is 01223300085.
Thank you. What area is adc theatre in? I would also like to book TR8626 and would like to know the travel time.|How many people would you like to book the train for?
That's unimportant I'm just looking for the area|ADC theatre is in the center of town. The travel time for your train to kings lynn is 47 minutes. Can I help with anything else today?
That's it, thank you.|Have a good day
I need a place to stay in cambridge that has wifi, and free parking please.|There are 29 places that match your request. Would you have a price range in mind or type of place?
The price range should be expensive and it should be a hotel.|There are 5 hotels that match your request. Was there a specific area you wanted to narrow it down to? We have hotels east, west, south, and in the centre,
I will take something in the centre of town. How many stars does that one have?|There are two hotels that meet your request. Gonville Hotel is 3 stars and University Arms Hotel has 4 stars. Would one of these work for you?
Yes those are fine. I also need find an attraction in the centre of town to visit.|We have 44 attractions to choose from. Is there anything specific that you would like to see?
Anything will do, but I would like the address, entrance fee, and attraction type of whatever you pick.|all saints church is found in the jesus lane and entrance fee is free. its postal code is cb58bs
I am planning a trip in Cambridge.|Wonderful!  What can I do to help you plan?
I need a train leaving from London Liverpool Street on Monday. Are there any trains available?|We do have some trains, what time would you like to travel?
I would like to leave after 14:00 and go to cambridge.|TR9202 would be perfect for you. Shall i book it ?
No thank you. Can you provide me with the arrival time, price, and train ID?|TR9202 costs 16.60 pounds per ticket and arrives by 17:07. Will that be all?
yes, book it please.|Can you tell me how many people will be travelling?
Actually, I don't need for you to book it, but I do need some suggestions for places to go in the west part of town.  Any type of attraction.|How about the cafe jello gallery?  It is in the west and it's free.
That would be great. What is the attraction type?|It is a museum, and admission is free. Can I help you with anything else?
That's all I need, thanks so much for all of your help! Have a great day!|You are very welcome.  Have a great day!
I'm looking for places to go to view architecture in Centre.|I found Old Schools on Trinity Ln, postcode cb21tt. Entrance is free. Would you like to go there?
No, That's all. Goodbye!|OK.  Thank you for calling and have a great day.  Goodbye.
I forgot. Do you have information about Don Pasquale Pizzeria?|Yes they serve Italian food in the centre of town and in the expensive price range.
That's the one! Can you give me their address and postcode, please?|cb23nj, post code , 12 Market Hill City Centre. Is there anything else you need?
I am looking for a train to cambridge. I would like something on sunday to arrive by 18:30|What is your departure point?
My departure will be from Cambridge.|And what is your destination city?
I need to go to Peterborough.|What time do you need to leave by?
I just want to get there at or shortly before 18:30.|I found the perfect train!  TR7771 will get you there at 18:24.  Would you like me to book this for you?
Yes, please book me for 6 people.  My birdwatching club is taking a trip together.|Ok, your booking is complete for 6 people. The cost is 79.19 GBP, payable at the station. The reference number is 8W0OSFM6.
i place want a place to go in the centre|What are you into? Do you like theatre? Museums? We have plenty of attractions in the centre and if you tell me what you enjoy I can recommend one
I would like a museum in the centre please.|I'd like to recommend whipple museum of the history of science, at free school lane. Admission is free.
Is that the full address for the museum? Free School Lane?|Yes it is their full address and the postcode is cb23rh and their telephone number is 01223330906. May I help you with anything else today?
Thank you. That is all that I need.|Okay. Glad I could be of help.
Hi, i want an expensive place to stay in the town centre please.|There are 2 places, gonville hotel and university arms hotel, any other preference or questions before I book?
Yes, do either include free wifi or free parking?|Yes, both of them have free wifi & parking.  Would you like to book this for you? Just tell me which hotel you prefer.
Book the gonville hotel for 3 people and 3 nights starting Tuesday. May I have the reference number too?|I have booked your hotel. Your reservation number is C0ASBZHA
Thank you! I'm also looking for some places to go around the hotel. Do you have any recommendations?|I would recommend the All Saints Church in that area. Would you like more information regarding it?
Could I get the address, postcode and attraction type?|Sure! It's architecture in the centre of town.It has postcode to cb58bs
Thank you very much. I think that's all.|Well, thank you for booking through our service. Have a pleasant day!
I'd like to find an interesting attraction in the city center.|There is lots to see in the centre. Were you looking for a certain type?
No I have nothing in particular in mind.|Would you be interested in architecture, a museum, or perhaps theatre?
Let's do a museum. Can you please send me the postcode, and phone number please.|we can do Museum of archaelogy and anthropology, it is in university of cambridge, downing street. code number cb23dz. their phone number is 01223333516
Thanks. I am also looking for somewhere to eat near the museum. I'd like to have Chinese food for dinner.|There are 10 Chinese restaurants in the centre. What is your price range, please?
A moderate price range would be best.|There are 3 options. I recommend jinling noodle bar.
That sounds interesting. Can I get reservations for Thursday?|What time would you like?
I would like to reserve it for 11:15 for 8 people.|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Your Reference number is : YNWUFRQ4.
Great, now can you also book a taxi for me? I need to make sure I get to the restaurant from the museum in time for that reservation.|Booking completed! The car type is a black honda and the contact number is 07016630526. Can I help with anything else today?
Thanks, that's it for now! Have a good day!|Thank you and enjoy the city!
I'd like to go to an attraction in the east side of town.|There are 10 different attractions on the East side of town. Would you like to go to Funky Fun House? It is an entertainment attraction.
That sounds great. Do you have a contact number for them?|Certainly, the phone number for the funky fun house is 01223304705. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Yes, I'd also like to stay in an expensive place. It should be a hotel, not a guesthouse.|I have found 33 hotels for you to consider.  Would you like it be located in the East part of town?
No I need to find a hotel and book it for 7 people, for 4 nights, starting saturday|There is one hotel that fits your description, but it isn't available for 4 days.  Could you change arrival day or length of time?
How about one night?|Great, i have booked express by holiday inn cambridge for 7 people for 1 night starting Saturday. Your Reference number is : 5AGSV9JB. May I help with anything else?
i want a taxi to leave the hotel by 7:45. Please include contact number and car type|Sure I was able to book you a grey Volkswagen for 7:30 and your contact number is 07956540590.
Great. That is all I need. Have a great day. Goodbye.|Okay thank you.
i am looking for a spanish restaurant in the moderate price range|la tasca is located in the centre. Do you need for me to book it ?
No, thats ok. Thank you.|Can I help you with anything else?
I just need to get it's address postcode and number please.|Their address is 14 -16 Bridge Street, their postcode is cb21uf, and their phone number is 01223464630.
Ah, thanks.  Also, I'm looking for a museum to go to in the same area.  Can you recommend one?|there are eleven in that area. is there a particular type of museum you like? art, history, science?
Science is interesting. Could you give me the phone number and entrance fee?|There is the museum of archaelogy and anthropology or the whipple museum of the history of science - do you have a preference?
You can choose but I need their phone number, postcode and entrance fee.|The Museum of Archaeology and Anthropology has a free entrance fee. The phone number is 01223333516. The postcode is CB23DZ.
Ok thank you. I will also need a taxi to get between the restaurant and museum.|What time do you need it to arrive?
I just need to leave the museum by 19:15.|Your taxi is booked. Look for a red lexus. Your contact number is 0777538009
Thank you so much.|You're very welcome. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, that's all thank you very much. Goodbye|thanks for inquiring with us.
I am planning a trip in Cambridge|I am planning to run a search for places in cambridge.  Sounds like we are a perfect match!  What would you like me to look up for you?
I need a train leaving cambridge leaving after 11:00 on tuesday and I am going to london liverpool street.|I have a train leaving at 11:59. Would that do for you?
Yes that will do. What time does it arrive in london liverpool street and what is the train ID number.|TR8394 arrives at 13:27.
i also want a place to go in the centre of town|We have many fine attractions in the center of town! Might I recommend the Regency Gallery museum? It's free to enter.
I would like to find a swimming pool, please.|I'd recommend Parkside Pools. The address is Goville Place. Their phone number is 01223446100. Would you like any other information?
That's it, thanks!|You are very welcome.  I hope you enjoy your trip.
I am looking for a museum in Cambridge please|Do you have an area of the city you more prefer?
No, I do not, any museum would be fine. Could you please give me the entrance fee, area, and postcode for any one of the museums?|Cambridge Artworks in the east is a fun place. It's located at 5 greens road, cb13ef. Best of all, it has free entrance! Any other information I can find for you?
I'm also looking for a train to Cambridge. But I tend to sleep in, so I won't be able to get going before 11:45.|What day do you want to travel, and  where was that departure site again?
I'd like to leave Stansted Airport on Tuesday.|You have a few options going to Cambridge from Stansted airport after 11:45. How about Tuesday, leaving at 12:24?
That would be great, could you book it for 8 people please.|I've booked 8 tickets for you. The total fee is 80.8 GBP payable at the station. Your reference number is CYMNCQNX. Is there anything else I can do for you?
That is all I need goodbye|Thank you, and good-bye!
I need a place to stay, some place with 4 stars and in the north.|There are number of moderately priced options and one that falls in the cheap price range. Do you have a price range in mind?
I would like one in the moderate range.|Archway House is a very nice 4 star guesthouse in the area that is moderately priced.  Would you like to book a stay?
I think that one works. No need to book.|Okay. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, tell me if the Archway House has free parking and please get me their postcode|The postal code is cb43pe.  Yes, it does have free parking.  Is there something else I can assist you with?
Can you help me find a nightclub to visit somewhere in the north?|I don't have any in the north, but I have several in the centre. Would you like to try one of those?
No, I want to stay in the same area. How about a park?|There is one park in the north. Would you like the info?
Yes. Could I get the entrance fee and phone number please?|Sure! Milton County Park is free, and their phone number is 01223420060. Can I help you with anything else?
I also need a taxi. It should leave the hotel by 2:30 please.|I was able to find a taxi to take you from the hotel to the park. It will be a yellow volvo phone number is 07803372639.
That is all I needed today.|Thank you for contacting us and have a nice day.
Can you help me find a restaurant in Cambridge called Loch Fyne?|I sure can! Loch Fyne is an amazing seafood restaurant located in the centre of town. They are relatively expensive. Would you like any more info for them?
Can you go ahead and make a reservation for 7 people on Wednesday, around 16:30 for me?|You're all set. Your reference number is D07SIPBF.
Thanks so much. I am also looking for places to go in town. Can you help me with that?|Are you interested in things to do in the centre, or perhaps a different area? There is so much to do!
I would like it to be in the West.|I have a lot of different attractions. Would you like a college or museum?
The attraction should be in the west and should be in the type of museum.|I would suggest cafe jello gallery located at cafe jello gallery, 13 magdalene street.  They have free entry.
Okay great! What is their phone number please?|The phone number is 01223312112.  Can I help with anything else?
That's all I need today.  Thanks for all your help!|Yeah, anytime. I am happy I could assist.
I think this would be a good time to end the dialogue. Goodbye.|Have a great day. Good Bye.
I am looking for places to go in town like a college in the centre.|There are several colleges in the centre area, they range in entrance fees from free to 2 pounds, is there a particular price range you're looking for?
Not really. Surprise me! I'll need the phone number, address, and postcode of your favorite, please.|Well, the downing college is located on regent street cb21dq. Their phone number is 01223334860
Great. Are there any restaurants that serve African food? Something high-end, of course.|You are in luck! I have just the place. Bedouin is in the centre of town. Shall I book you a table?
That does sound like just the place.|Do you want me to go ahead an make reservations for you?
Yes please, I'd like a table for 2 at 18:45 on Thursday.|I booked in the Bedouin African restaurant, the Reference number is GDYBQQS2.
Thanks. I also need a taxi.|Would you like to leave from bedouin?
I would like to lease form the college and arrive at the restaurant at the booked time please|I have arranged for a White Volvo to drive you. The contact number is 07898395762. Is there something else I can assist with?
No, you have tremendously helpful. Thank you!|No problem at all, enjoy your meal.
I'm looking for an expensive restaurant in the center of town.|There are many expensive restaurants in the centre of town, is there a specific type of food you would like?
Is there any Turkish cuisine? If so I need the postcode and the address.|The Meze Bar restaurant matches your tastes. It is located at 196 Mill Road City Centre. The postcode is cb13nf.
I am also looking for museums in the area.|There are many museums listed in the centre area, what kind of museum are you interested in?
I don't really care, what do you recommend?  I will need the postcode and entrance fee please.|How about Cambridge Contemporary Art? The entrance is free and the postcode is cb21su. Enjoy!
Thank you. I would also like a taxi to commute between the two places.|Certainly. When would you like your taxi to depart?
I need to arrive at Cambridge Contemporary Art by 19:15 please.|No problem.  Your taxi has been reserved.  Your driver's contact number is 07035811281 and will be driving a grey toyota. Is there anything else you need today?
No, that will be all, thank you!|Okay, have a nice day.
I'm visiting Cambridge soon and would like to visit a museum in the centre. Can you help me with that?|Sure we have many. Do you have a preference on what type of museum?
No, the first one would be good. Could I also get the entrance fee and postcode.|Sure! The Broughton House Gallery is located at 98 King Street, cb11ln. It's free to get in!
Can you also help me find a restaurant that is in the centre as well? I would like one that serves European food.|I've found 8 restaurant that meet your criteria. Would you like to narrow your search by price range?
Something in the moderate price range would be best thanks!|I have four listings that match the criteria, how about the galleria? It's in the centre with a moderate price range.
Sounds good, can you book a table for one person at 18:45 on Tuesday? I'll also need the reference number, please.|I've successfully booked a table for 1 at Galleria! Your reference number is QUI2WHRK. Is there anything else I can do for you?
There is nothing else today. Thank you very much for your help.|Thank you very much for booking with us.
I'd like some help finding a park on the south side.|My favorite park is Wandlebury Country Park located at Wandlebury Ring, gog magog hills, babraham.
Great!  Could you give me the postcode for that address please?|The address is wandlebury ring, gog magog hills, babraham and the postcode is cb223ae.
Thanks!  Is there also a restaurant called Curry King?|Curry king is an indian restaurant located in the centre. Would you like me to book you a table?
Yes, that would be great. I'll need a table on Thursday, 6 people, at 18:15.|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.  Your Reference number is : 6CULX9YN.  Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No, that's all I needed. Thank you so much for your help.|Thank you for using Cambridge TownInfo. Have a great day!
You too, good bye now.|Have a nice day.
Hello. I'm interested in architecture, is there any interesting buildings in the city centre?|All saints church and great saint Mary's church are both great options.
Can I get the postcode, phone number, and entrance fee for all saints church?|It's on Jesus Lane, cb58bs. Their phone number is 01223452587. The church is free to enter. Can I help with anything else?
I would need a hotel also.|I can certainly help with that! What area of town interests you, and do you have a price range in mind?
I don't have a particular area or price range, but I would like it to be a guesthouse with 4 stars.|The acorn is in the north, it is moderately priced. Would you like me to book it for you?
Does that guesthouse have free parking and internet?|It does, would you like a reservation?
Yes, please book for 4 people, for 4 nights, starting from Tuesday. I'd like to get the reference number, please?|booking was a success! confirmation is IFNJYW3X.
Thank you, that is all for now. You have been wonderful.|Have a nice stay.  Goodbye.
I'm looking for a particular restaurant called charlie chan.|Charlie Chan is an inexpensive chinese restaurant in the centre of town. Would you like their phone number or address?
I would like to book a table for 7 people at 11:00 on Tuesday|Your booking was successful. Your reference number is 9RD3X10V. They will hold your table for 15 minutes.
Great, is there a cool place in the west we could check out? Maybe a museum?|Sure, I have 7 museums in the West. I would recommend the Museum of Classical Archaeology. Would you like a reservation?
No reservation needed but I would like the museum phone number, please.|The phone number is 01223335153. May I assist with something else?
That's all for now. Thank you for everything.|You are welcome, please let us know if you need anything in the future.
You can help me find a cheap hotel in Cambridge that includes free wifi.|There is one option, the caridge belfrey, despite being cheap in price it is 4 stars.  Would you like me to book you?
Is this hotel a guesthouse?|Yes it is a guesthouse. Would you like to book there?
I need in the east area also, is that one in the east?  I'll need the address and postcode.|Hmm, that's interesting. When I double checked "Caridge Belfrey", no entry came up. How about Autumn House instead?
As long as Autumn House meets my criteria of being a guesthouse in the east area with free wifi and cheap, then I am interested.|The address for autumn house is 710 newmarket road. The phone is 01223575122. Would you like me to make the booking?
Yes, please make the booking for October 30th. But, do make sure they have wifi, please. What are their fees?|How many people and for how many days?
Actually I wouldn't like a booking. I just needed the information. However, I would like to go to an attraction in the same area as the hotel please?|there are quite a few in the east. We have museum's, a boat and entertainment do you have a preference?
A museum sounds good. Could you pick one and give me the address and entrance fee?|Cambridge Artworks is wonderful and has free admission.  The address is 5 Greens Road, postcode cb13ef.
That's perfect, thanks!|enjoy your stay in Cambridge!
Hi- I need a place to stay that that includes free parking in the north end of Cambridge|Okay. We've got eleven matches for that description. Do you have a star rating you'd like to stay within?
No, I don't care about that really.  I'd like an expensive place though.|I'm not showing any that are listed as expensive.  There are several moderately priced, 4 star guesthouses.  Would that fit your needs?
Yes, I guess I can live with that.|How about the Acorn Guest House?  It's a 4 star hotel with internet and parking.
Ok and what is their phone number?|The phone number is 0122335388.  Can I help you with anything else?
Do you have any attractions in town to visit that you suggest? Do you have anything with boats near the hotel?|There is one. riverboat georgina. 01223902091 is their phone number. Is there anything else?
Yeah I need their address as well.|The address is cambridge passenger cruisers, jubilee house. Can I assist you with anything else?
Yes I'm going to need a taxi to get me from my hotel to the riverboat.|When do you want to leave?
I need to leave the hotel by 08:00.|I have booked your taxi look for a red toyota with a contact number of 07669245268.
Thank you so much for all your help!|You are welcome, have a great day.
Hi there. I have a business trip in Cambridge coming up and I have no idea what the train schedule might be. Would you be able to help with that?|Yes I can. First I need more information on the day and the time please
I will be traveling on Monday and leaving from Bishops Stortford.|Okay, I have 10 trains that meet your criteria. Do you have a departure or arrival time?
it should leave after 09:15|I also need to know where you are travelling to.
I'll be going to cambridge.|TR0757 leaves at 09:29. Would that be of interest? There area also trains every two hours on the :29 until 23:29
I am looking for a nightlclub located in the centre of town, might you suggest one?|I recommend Soul Tree Nightclub. It is located on 1-6 Corn Exchange Street and has a 4 pound entrance fee.
What's the phone number?|The phone number for soul tree is 01223477900
What is the postcode to the Soul Tree Nightclub?  This sounds like a fun place!|cb23qf. What else would you like to know about the nightclub?
What is its entrance fee, phone number and postcode?|The entrance fee is 4 pounds, phone number is 01223477900.
Great, thanks! That's all the help I need for today. Have a good night. Goodbye.|Feel free to call back again for any further questions.  Have a great day.
I'm looking for Korean food in the east area.|There are not any Korean restaurants in the East.  Would you like me to look in a different area of the city?
How about Indian food?|Yes there are four different restaurants. What is your price range? There's moderate to expensive available.
It does not matter, the price is whatever. Just book me one for Saturday.|What time do you want me to book for?
I need a table for 5 people at 14:30. Could you give me a reference number?|Curry Prince is highly recommended.  I booked a table for 5 at 14:30 on saturday, your reference number is FZLK0ZCF.  Can I help with anything else?
yeah i need info on stuff to do in town.|Is there a specific type of attraction you're looking for?
Yes, I need the address for a swimming pool please.|My favorite pool is Parkside, in the center of town.
That would be fine can I get the address please?|Yes, the address is Gonville Place. Is there anything else I can help with?
No that's all I need for today. Bye.|Thank you for calling. Have a great day. Goodbye.
I want to check out a theater in the south area of cambridge.|There is one theater located in southern Cambridge. The Junction is located on Clifton Way, cb17gx. You may can 21223511511 for more information.,
What is the entrance fee?|Unfortunately I don't have that information. But, again, you could call them at 01223511511 for that information.
What is the postcode?|Postal code is cb17gx, the address is clifton way.
Can you recommend a moderately priced hotel in the centre, that has free internet and free parking?|There are not any in the area that match your requirements.  Would you like me to check another area?
How about one in the south?|Yeah, there are two in the south.  Aylesbray Lodge and Bridge Guest House.  Do you have a preference between the two?
no, i don't. I just a reservation for 4 people for 4 nights starting on saturday.|I have made your booking and here is the information:Booking was successful.
Reference number is : O8FKIXR2.
Thanks! I also need to book a taxi from the hotel.|What will be your destination and arrival or departure times?
I need to go to the theatre. I need to leave the hotel by 13:00.|Please state your departure site and destination site so I can book that taxi.
From the hotel that was booked for me|Your taxi has been booked. It will be a white Tesla and the contact number is 07767786743.
thanks alot for helping. have a good day|You're welcome, and thank you, likewise!
What attractions can you recommend in the centre?|We have lovely architecture. All saints church and holy trinity are quite nice
I love architecture. Can you please provide the phone number and postcode for Holy Trinity?|I can. The phone number is 01223355397. The postcode is cb23nz. Would you like more information?
I need some quick information on trains from cambridge to bishops stortford. What can you tell me?|Trains go from Cambridge to Bishops Stortford every 2 hours at 29 past the hour. What day will you be traveling, and at what time of day?
I will need to go on Monday but I can't leave until after 09:30.|The first train out after 09:30 is TR7928, leaving at 11:29.
That is the arrival time and total travel time for TR7928.|it arrives at 12:07 and only a 38 minute ride
That will work perfect can you book that for me please?|How many people will be travelling?
Just myself. Please book me that train please.|Your reservation for 1 person on the TR7928 train was successful. Your Reference number is : KI1ILFP7. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No, that is all. Thank you.|thank you and welcome to Cambridge
thanks too and goodbye|enjoy your stay
Help! I need to find something to do, I'm super bored. I'm on the west side of the city, can you help me find somewhere to go?|I show 13 possible attractions in the west.  Is there a type of attraction you would prefer?
What would you recommend?|If you are bored,  you should try going to Whale of a Time.  It is an entertainment venue.
That sounds good. What's the address?|Sure the address is unit 8, viking way, bar hill and the postcode is cb238el	.
I also need a train to peterborough on sunday to cambridge that leaves after 11:30.|There is a train leaving at 11:48. Would you like me to book that?
What is the price?|Each ticket is 13.20 pounds.
I don't need you to book that for me today. Thanks.|You're quite welcome. Is there anything else I can find for you today?
no that will be all thank you|Great! Have a great day!
I am looking for a hotel in the north part of Cambridge. Preferably a 4 star or greater. Can you recommend one?|There are 8 hotels that meet that criteria. Would the Acorn Guest House work for you? It has free wifi and parking, and is moderately priced.
Actually, I'm looking for a college to the west. Can I get their phone number and address?|Any particular college you are looking for?
No particular college, but it must be in the western part of town.|How about Churchill College?
Can I get their address and phone number?|They are located on Storey's Way.  Thier phone number is 01223336233. Can I help with anything else?
I am also looking for a place to stay in the north with free parking.|There are several. Do you have a pricerange in mind?
It doesn't matter.  Just use your best judgement.|acorn guest house	would be nice for you
I would like to find a museum to visit while in Cambridge.|The Fitzwilliam museum in the centre may be a good choice, thank you.
Could I have the post code and phone number for that one please?|Sure thing!  The address is Trumpington Street and the phone number is 01223332900. Can I help you with anything more?
I am also looking to book a train. I will be departing on Kings Cross station in London this Friday.|What is your destination and time preference?
I'd like to go cambridge and leave after 15:15.|What time would you like to arrive by?
It doesn't matter when I arrive, but I would like to book for 8 people.|Okay great, your booking was successful and your reference number is : 6KJK9QY1.
That's all I needed, thank you!|Glad we could be of help, have a nice trip!
Can you help me locate a swimming pool?|Yes, there are 4 pools, 1 in the East, 2 in the North and 1 in the Centre.  Which area would you like?
Could you give me the address and postcode of one in the North please?|The Jesus Green Outdoor Pool is between Victoria Road and the river, and their postcode is cb43px. Is there anything else i can help you with today?
No thanks. I think that should do it. Have a great day.|You're welcome. Goodbye!
I am looking for a college attraction to go to in town.|There are several colleges in either the centre or west part of town. Which area do you prefer?
The centre please.|There are 13 colleges in the center of town. Does entrance fee matter to you?
Not really, but what is the fee?|Most are free, but Corpus Christi has a 2 pound fee, Saint John's has a 2.50 pound fee, and Trinity has a 1 pound fee.
I need a train that leaves at 20:45 from stevenage to cambridge|What day would you like to travel by train?
I would like to leave on Wednesday.|There are 10 trains, TR9448 leaves at 5:54 would that work for you?
That works can I have the travel time for that please?|TR9448 leaves at 05:54 and arrives at 06:43. The travel time is 49 minutes.
I've mixed up my locations. I actually need a train that departs from Cambridge and goes to Stevenage.|I only have two trains that leave from Cambridge Wednesday. The TR9016 departs at 21:21 and the TR6387 departs 23:21.
What is the price?|Both options are 12.80 pounds.  Would you like to book one of these options?
Can you tell me the duration of travel time please?|Yes travel is exactly 49 minutes.
What about the train ID?|The train ID for the departure at 21:21 is TR9016 and the trainID that departs at 2312 is TR6387. Would you like me to book on of these for you?
I need an earlier train.|TR9016 is the earliest departure after 20:45. Would you like to change your specified time?
No, TR9016 will do.|I ha e booked your ticket. Your confirmation number is VBAEMG3Z. Can I assist you with anything else?
No, that's all I need. Thank you.|Thank you let me know if you need anything else.
Hello, I'm planning a trip to Cambridge and I'm looking to book a train for Sunday at 9:45, at or after. Can you help?|Yes I can,can you tell me where you will be departing from?
Yes, I'll be leaving Cambridge and going to Norwich.|I can get you on a 10:36 to Norwich aboard TR9533.
Could you tell me how long that trip takes?|The trip from Cambridge to Norwich is 79 minutes. Can I help you with anything else today?
Are there any attractions on the west?|There are 13 places to go in the west. Do you have an attraction type in mind?
Not really. I would also like to know the entrance fee.|Churchhill College is a very nice place to visit and the entrance fee is free.  It is located in the west, on Storey's Way.
That sounds great. Are there any other attractions in the West?|Cambridge and county folk museum are available.
That's all I need today. Thanks for your help.|You are very welcome! Is there anything else I can do for you today?
No that is all that helped alot|Have a great day!
I would like to find a train leaving from Cambridge on Friday after 14:45.|Where will you be going?
I will be going to Cambridge from Kings Lynn. Should have clarified before.|I have a TR5331 arriving at 15:58, will that work for you?
Yes, please book it for 7 people.|Ok I have train TR5331 booked for you for 7 people. Your reference number is Q2o02XDS.
Great. Can you also help me find a museum to visit in the east?|We have 5 museums in the east. Cambridge artworks, cambridge museum of technology, gallery at twelve a high street, and the saint barnabas press gallery.
I'd like to visit The Saint Barnabas Press Galary. What is the postcode, phone number and entrance fee?|The saint barnabas press gallery is free to enter and is located at the belfast yard, coldham's road, cb13ew.  Anywhere else you'd like me to check?
No, I believe that is everything. Thank you!|You are most welcome.  Enjoy the museum.
I am looking for a place to get a boat. Can you help me?|Yes I have locations on the east, north and city center. Any preference for location?
No, I don't have any preference. You can just pick whichever one looks best and give me the phone number, address, and area.|No problem. There is the Riverboar Georgina which is located in the north side of town. The address is Cambridge Passenger Cruises, Jubilee House and the postcode is cb43ax.
Great! I also need a hotel while I am there. I do need free parking but internet is optional.|Alright. There are a total of 29 hotels and guesthouses available. Is there a certain price range or area you wish?
I would like a three star hotel, do not care about price.|Gonville Hotel is a three star hotel with parking and is in the centre area.  Does this sound good?
Yes that sounds fine. I would like to book a reservation please.|I'd be happy to make that reservation for you. What days would you like to stay there, and how many are in your party?
Can you make that for starting monday, 4 nights and 7 people?|The booking was successful! Your reference number is UR6L3NLS. Anything else I can help with?
Yes, I also need to get a taxi to go between them, please.|We can certainly help with that. Are you heading to the boat or to the hotel, and what time do you need the taxi?
I need to leave the hotel by 5:00.|I was able to get a red volvo for you phone number 07586716905
Thank you very much for helping me today!|Not a problem and thank you for choosing Cambridge TownInfo Centre
i am looking for a place to stay. The hotel should include free parking and should be in the type of guesthouse.|I have quite a few what price range were you looking at?
That doesn't matter. I would like a 3 star hotel.|what about prefered side of town?
I don't have one, but I'd like one of 3 stars.|bridge guest house is a great place to stay.
Could I please have the address?|Yes their address is 151 hills road.
I am looking for places to go in town|I would like to recommend All Saints Church on Jesus Lane.
Is that in the centre?|Yes, it is in the centre of town. Is there anything else I can help with?
what is the entrance fee?|The entrance fee is free.
okay thank you. i appreciate your help a lot. i think that is all for now. Goodbye|You're very welcome. Good bye.
I'm heading out on Saturday and need a train that arrives by 17:45|sure, what is your destination?
I'm leaving for Cambridge from Ely.|Train TR8176 leaves at 15:25 and will arrive at your destination at 15:52.  Would you like me to reserve you a seat on that train?
Yes, that sounds good. I am also interested in finding an entertainment centre at my destination.|There are 5 entertainment attractions in town, but they are only found in the east, south, and west.
I'm disappointed but I would love to see a college, too. Is there one in the centre?|Christ's college is in that area and has free admission.
Cool. Could you tell me the postcode and their address?|Post code is cb23bu, and their address is saint andrew's street.
Is there any entrance fee?|There is no entrance fee for the attraction.
Great.  Thanks for all your help.|You're welcome! Is there anything else I can help you with?
That is all for now. I'll let you know if I need more help in the future.|Thanks for using our services.
I need help with a particular hotel, can you do that?|Yes, I have the database ready, do you want info on a specific hotel or a search?
I'd like a hotel named Warkworth House, and am interested in booking for 8 people starting on Saturday.|How many people?
8 people, for 3 nights.|What day of the week will you need that?
Does saturday work?|Okay your booking was successful and your reservation number is HKW4G2VT.
Could you give me information on Cambridge and County folk museum?|It's a museum located at 2-3 castle street on the west side of town. Postcode is cb30aq and the phone number is 01223355159. The entrance fee is 3.50 pounds.
Thank you. I'd also like to get a taxi between these two places.|Can you specify a departure or arrival time?
We want to leave the hotel by 24:15. What is the contact number and car type?|You have a booking for a black volvo at 24:15. Contact number, 07253606087.
Thank you, that's all I need today.|Thank you for using our system today!
Hi I am looking for a cheap hotel that has free parking. Are there any around town?|I have the cambridge belfry in the west area. Would you like to make a reservation?
Is this a guesthouse?|No, this is a hotel, were you looking for a guesthouse?
Yes, I'm sorry, I should have told you earlier.|We have 9 guesthouses.  Can you give me more details as to the area and price preference you are looking for so I can assist you better?
Can you pick your favorite one and book a room for me? 3 of us will be arriving on Tuesday, and we'll want to stay 2 nights.|I have booked you for Alexander Bed and Breakfast on 56 Saint Barnabas Road. Your reference number is M6FH844S.
Thanks. I am also looking for a multiple sports attraction in the centre of town.|I'm sorry, there are no multiple sports venues in the centre of town. Would you like me to look in a different area?
Are there any cinemas available?|Yes. There is vue cinema. The address is the grafton centre, east road and postcode is cb11ps.
What is the phone number for the Vue Cinema?|The phone number for the Vue Cinema is 08712240240.  Would you like more information?
Yes, I also need the address and postal code, please.|The Grafton Centre, East Road, cb11ps.
Great, thanks! That's all I need.|You're welcome. Have a wonderful day and let me know if you need anything else.
What museums are there in the north area of town?|I'm sorry. There are none.
How about a swimming pool then?|King Hedges Learner Pool is located at Jedburgh Court, Kings Hedges.
Thank you. I just need the phone number and I'm wondering how much the entrance fee is?|Yes of course their telephone number is 01223353248 and I do not unfortunately have information on their entrance cost at this time.
Thanks, that sounds great.  Can you suggest a cheap restaurant near the pool?|There are 2 cheap options in the North by the pool. Royal Spice serves Indian and Da Vinci Pizzeria serves Italian. Do you have a preference?
I am actually looking for a restaurant that serves scottish food.|I am sorry there are not any restaurants that serve Scottish food in the north area. Would you like to broaden your area?
How about Italian food?|Yes, da vinci pizzeria is in the north and serves italian food and is in the cheap price range. Can I reserve a table for you?
Yes please.  There will be 5 of us and we would like to eat on Tuesday at 17:45.|I am very sorry that time was not available at da vinci pizzeria. Would you like to try a different time/day?
How about 16:45 on Tuesday? Can I have the reference number?|I'm sorry, that time is not available either.  Would you like to try another one?
15:45, 18:45, if not Is there another italian restaurant that I could get a table for 5 at etiher 16:45 or 17:45?|I am very sorry, our system was giving me an error, but I have managed to book your party of 5 at 16:45 on Tuesday. Your reference number is  XRR7UTLU. Is there anything else I can help with?
Yes I will also need a taxi to commute between the two places.|I have a taxi that can take you from the King Hedges Pool to the restaurant, arriving there by your reservation time of 16:45. Will that work for you?
What is the contact number and what will be the car type?|Contact number is 07516311076, car type is a grey Ford.
Thank you so much!|Anything else I can do for you?
No, that is all I need today. Thanks again! Bye.|Okay enjoy your stay in Cambridge!
Can you help me find a resturant?|I can do that. I have 110 restaurants listed. Do you have a price range, a specific part of town or a specific kind of food in mind?
I am looking at the Missing Sock. I need to book it Monday at 19:15 for 6 people.|Your table is reserved for Monday at 19:15 for 6 people. The reference number is ZH5IHCZV.
Great, how about finding a cool place for us to check out in the centre area also?|What would you like to do? If you like music, I would recommend the man on the moon. It's a concert hall located at 2 norfolk street.
I want to visit an entertainment attraction please|We don't have any entertainment attractions in the center. Would you like to try another area.
What about any museums in the centre of town?|There are 11 options. I personally recommend castle galleries. It is free to visit.
Thank you, can you give me the phone number and postcode?|Sure. The postcode for Castle Galleries is cb23bj and the phone number is 01223307402. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
I want a taxi. I'll depart from the attraction and go to the restaurant, arriving by 19:15. Please give me the car and contact info.|Booking completed! Booked car type yellow skoda Contact number 07348916006. May I help with anything else ?
No, that is all I need for today. Thank you for all your help!|You are welcome, enjoy your stay
I am looking for a museum to visit in the centre of town|There are many museums in the centre of town, but I would recommend Broughton House Gallery. Could I be of further assistance?
Yes, can you give me the postcode and entrance fee for that museum?|Absolutely. There is no entrance fee for the Broughton House Gallery and the postcode is cb11ln.
Thank you! Are there any guesthouses nearby?|The Alexander bed and breakfast is located in the centre area. May I book this for you?
Yes that will work, please book.|Certainly. How long would you like to stay?
I will need 3 nights for 2 people.|What day would you like to start your stay?
I would like to start my stay on Friday.|Sorry, that booking is unavailable. Perhaps you'd prefer another day or a shorter stay?
How about 6 people for 5 nights starting friday?|oh that definitely worked. I have booked you in and your reference number is KVJNZBG6.
Thank you. Can you please confirm for me that the guesthouse you booked for me is moderately priced?|It is actually cheaply priced. Is that going to be okay?
No, sorry. I am looking for something moderately priced.|I'm sorry there are no moderately priced guesthouses in centre.  Would you like to try something else?
Yes, please. We seem to have gone very astray. I need a moderately priced 3 star guest house. It doesn't matter where.|Okay, there are four available. How about Hamilton Lodge in the north? It's at 156 chesterton road cb41da with phone 01223365664. Would that work for you?
Please book the Hamilton Lodge or 6 people and 5 nights starting from friday.|Booking was successful.  The reference number is 999S42AB.  Anything else?
No, that should be it.  Thanks!|I have confirmed your booking and you are are all set.  Thank you for calling the Cambridge town info centre.
I am looking for places to see in town. Can you help me?|Cambridge offers many attractions. Is there a certain part of town or type of attraction you'd like to narrow your search down to?
I really don't have a preference.  I'll let you pick!  I'll need the address, postcode and the phone number.  Thanks so much!|Little saint mary's church	is an architecture site, their address is little saint mary's lane, and postcode is cb21qy, and the phone number is 01223366202
Thank you. I'm also looking for a train that leaves on Monday. It will need to leave after 21:45.|what is your destination.
I'm leaving from Cambridge going to stevenage.|The TR6906 departs at 23:21 and arrives at 24:10.  Would you like me to book it for you?
I just need the price on that one please.|The price is 12.80 pounds
That's exactly what I needed. Thank you. Goodbye!|Have a great trip. Goodbye.
I would like to go to a theatre in town. How many are there and where are they?|What area in town would you like to go to?
I don't care, anywhere in town is fine.|i suggest the junction. it is in south. can i give you the address?
Sure. What is the Address, phone number and postcode?|The address is clifton way and the postcode is cb17gx. Their phone number is 01223511511. Do you need anything else?
No, thank you that is all.|I am glad we were able to help you today. Have a good day.
I need to find a train.|Okay- from where to where?
I am wanting to go from Stevenage to Cambridge.|OK - what day and time do you want to travel?
I want to leave on Friday and should arrive by 10:45|The TR4800 meets your criteria. How many tickets would you like?
The departure time is all I need.|Have a nice day.
I'm looking for a park in the south part of town.|I have 2 parks to choose from. Both are free to get in. There is Sheep's Green and Lammas Land Park and Wandlebury Country Park. Which do you prefer?
What's the address for Wandlebury? May I have their phone number, too?|Wandlebury Country Park is located on the Wandlebury Ring, Gog Magog Hills, in Babraham.  Their phone number is 01223243830.  Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
No, you've answered all of my questions.  Thanks so much.  Bye.|You're welcome. Enjoy your time at Wandlebury!
Could you help me finding some place to eat for dinner?|Do you have a food type preference?
No I'm trying to find an attraction near town centre, preferably near a college.|I have several places. Is there a specific one you have in mind.
Not really.  Which college would you suggest I visit?|Emmanuel College is a great college to visit.  It is located at saint andrew's street and the entrance is free.
Do they have a phone number?|Yes. it is 01223334200. anything else i can do for you?
Yes, may I please have the full address with postcode for Emmanuel College?|Of course! Emmanuel College is located on saint andrew's street, postcode cb23ap. May I assist you with anything else?
Yes, I also need the postcode, area, and food type for a place called Royal Standard.|The Royal Standard is a gastropub in the east, the postcode is cb13nl.
Thank you!  Have a great day!|You're welcome. Do you need any further assistance?
No, I don't need anything else. Goodbye|Goodbye. Have a wonderful day and stay.
Hello! I'm looking for a museum to go to.|Cambridge has so many great museums to choose from, what sort of museum are you interested in visiting?
I would like any type of museum that is located in the centre of town. Can you provide me with an address?|There are 11 museums in that area. Would you like to learn about all of them?
No, can you choose the best one for me and give me the address?|I would recommend Cambridge Contemporary Art at 6 Trinity Street.
Thank you I also need a place to stay that has free wifi and 4 stars and in the west of town.|I'm showing 33 hotel and guesthouses in the centre. What is your price range, do you want wifi and parking? If this is not a good area I can look more.
I have no price range but it needs to be 4 star.|Found 2 hotels with 4 star 1 expensive and the other is cheap which one will you prefer?
Which on is in the west?|I'm happy to tell you that i found three 4 star hotels on the West part of town.  Can I book one for you or assist you further?
No, I just need the postcode please.|The postcode is cb30nd.
I also need taxi to take me from the Museum  at  22:00 to the hotel, get me the contact number and car type for the taxi.|I'm sorry for the confusion, what hotel did you choose so that I can book the taxi for the correct location?
I am not sure of the name, you did not provide it.|I am sorry about that, we are swamped right now. The name is called finches bed and breakfast, sorry for any confusion.
Okay, so then book the taxi as requested please, and again do not forget the car type and contact number|Of course, a yellow ford has been booked for you. They can be reached at 07814309592. will that be all today?
No that's all I need today. Thanks so much.|You are welcome and enjoy.
I am looking for a train that leaves for leicester after 19:00.|There are 35 trains that arrive in Leicester. What day were you looking to travel and from where?
This would be on Monday departing from Cambridge.|The first train that fits your requirements leaves at 19:21. Would you like to book that train?
Yes please I am looking for the travel time, price, and train ID of that one.|Sure the trainID for the 19:21 train is TR5816, the travel time is 105 minutes, and tickets are 37.80 GBP each. Would you like to book a trip?
Not right now but I am looking for some places to go in town|What part of town would you like to visit?
A museum would be nice.|There are 23 different museums, the Whipple Museum of the History of Science might be worth a try, and it has no entrance fee.
Okay. May I have their address please?|Yes, it's address is free school lane.  Is there anything else I can help you with?
The address for the Whipple Museum is free school lane.|Do you need any other information about Whipple Museum of the History of Science? Or any other information about Cambridge?
What area is the Whipple Museum in?|The Whipple Museum of the History of Science is located in the centre of town.
Okay, thank you.  That is all I need for now.|Great. Thank you for contacting Cambridge Towninfo Centre.
I would like to find a museum in the west.|There 7 great museums in that area is there a type of museum you'd like to visit?
No, not really. Which one is your favorite?|Cafe jello gallery is amazing. Admission is free. The phone number is 01223312112. It is located at 13 magdalene street. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Thanks, there is, could I fine a place to eat with a moderate price range in the same area?|There are three choices, a british, italian and indian, place, any preference among those?
I really like Italian food.  What are the options?|I have Prezzo that is a moderately priced italian restaurant in the west. They are located at 21-24 Northhampton Road. Did you need a reservation?
Yes on Tuesday at 13:45. There will be 2 of us.|Okay. Your booking was successful. The reference number is 8Z0BBWCE. Your table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
I need to book a taxi from the museum to the restaurant.|Okay great. I completed your booking. The car type will be a red volkswagen and the contact number is 07076762321
I need to make sure I get there by the booking time of 13:45. Can you double check?|Sure.  I have double checked, and everything looks good.  Do you need anything else?
No, that will be all. Thank you!|you're welcome, have a great day!
is there a restaurant that serves gastropub food in the centre?|Yes, there are 3! Backstreet Bistro is my favorite, but they're a bit expensive. The Cow Pizza Kitchen and Bar is more moderately priced, and also wonderful.
What is the address of Backstreet Bistro?|The address is 2 Sturton Street. Post code is cb12qa.
I am also looking for some entertainment near the restaurant. Any suggestions?|There is a lot of things to do in the centre. What type of entertainment are you interested in?
What sort of entertainment options are there?|Sorry, nothing comes up for that search. Would you care to try a different area or type?
Yes, can you check for concerthall?|There are no concert halls in that area.
There are none in the entire city center?|I must have overlooked it. The man on the moon is a concerthall in the centre area.
Will you be able to book that for me tonight?|They don't take reservations, they are at 2 norfolk st
may i have the phone number, postcode, and address ?|Sure their address is 2 norfolk st and their post code is cb12lf and the phone number is 01223474144, is there anything else I can help you with?
I also want to book a taxi to commute between the two places.|What time would you like that taxi, and which site is your departure?
I want to leave the restaurant and I want to leave by 10:15.|Your driver will arrive in a black Volkswagen. You can call or text them at 07030408107.
Thanks so much. I don't need anything further. Bye!|You're welcome. Bye.
Can you recommend a nightclub in town, please?|There are 6 nightclubs. Are you looking for one in the centre or south side of town?
Let's see what's available in the centre|The soul tree nightclub is in the centre and cost 5 pounds
Can you give me the address and postcode, please?|The address is 1-6 corn exchange street and the postcode is cb23qf
Also I need a hotel called a and b guest house.|Sure. Do you need information on the guesthouse or would you like me to book a room?
whats the postcode and address to a and b guest house please|The address for The A and B Guest House is 124 Tenison Road. The postcode is cb12dp. Can I help you with anything else?
Nope, that's all I needed!|Great! If you need anything else don't hesitate to call.  Have a great time!!
I am looking for some places to go in town.  I'm so excited about seeing some of the local attractions.|There are many to choose from! Almost 80. Can you tell me if you have a certain type of place you want to visit?
What do you recommend? I will be need the address, entrance fee, and postcode for what you recommend please.|I honestly recommend visiting a famous college such as Christs or Magdalene.
Could I have the address, entrance fee, and postcode.|Christ's College is on Saint Andrew's Street and postcode CB23BU. There is no entrance fee. Can I help you with anything else?
Yes, I'm also looking for a place to stay. The hotel doesn't need to include internet.|There are about 33 hotels that meet your needs. Can you narrow it down to a certain area of town and price range?
I'm sorry,was Christ's College in the centre?  I did need something in that area.|Yes it is in the centre.
Is there one in the centre with free parking|Sorry, parking isn't something that is mentioned for attractions.
Okay. I'd like a hotel that includes free parking then.|alexander bed and breakfast would meet those needs. could i look for something else? or can i book a stay here at this one?
Please book it for 7 people for 5 nights starting Thursday.|I have your rooms booked. The reference number is : OGBAZ8XW. KIs there anything else i can assist you with today?
Great I also need a taxi to commute between the two places.|Where will you be leaving from?  What time would you like to leave?
i want to leave by 10:45|I've got a ride for you. A yellow Skoda. Their phone number is 07546403281
Great, thanks!  That's everything I needed.|Perfect. I hope you have a wonderful stay. Goodbye.
Find me a college in the centre, please.|There are thirteen to choose from. Downing College is nice, and of course there's always Trinity College. Can I get you more information about them, or one of the others?
Maybe Trinity College. What's their entrance fee, phone number, and what postcode are they in, please?|Entrance fee is just 1 pound.  Their phone is 01223338400 and post code is cb21tq.  Does that sound good to you?
Yes thank you.  I'd also like to find a restaurant in the same area.|Any criteria come in mind for the restaurant as far as price, location, type of food?
Would like to dine somewhere with a moderate price range.|The Oak Bistro is a nice British Restaurant in the centre.  Does that sound appetizing?
Does that serve European food?|Yes it does serve European food. Would you like me to book it?
Yes, I'd like a table for 2 on Tuesday at 18:45 if that's possible.|My apologies.  The Oak Bistro is a British restaurant, but if you want a restaurant that specializes in European food, I'd suggest Galleria.  How about booking that?
Sounds good. I need it for 2 people at 18:45 on Tuesday.|I was able to successfully book you for 2 at 18:45 on Tuesday at Galleria. The reference number is  MWT848BZ. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
I also need a taxi to go between the two places.|What time would you like to leave?
I just want to make sure the taxi arrives at the restaurant by the booked time. When would you recommend I schedule the cab?|I can schedule a taxi for you from here, I can book one for the closest time to 18:45.
Great, can I get the contact number and the car type?|Sure, look for a white Tesla.  The reference number is 07472267746.  May I be of further assistance to you today?
No, that is all that I needed.  Thank you for your help!|Thank you for contacting Cambridge TownInfo centre. Goodbye!
Yes, hi. Would you be able to suggest a reasonably priced guesthouse for our stay in Cambridge?|I'd be happy to help you. There are 24 guesthouses to choose from. Is there an area you'd like to stay in, or perhaps a certain price range?
Well, how about a moderate price range and a star rating of zero?  Oh, and I don't need free parking.|I'm sorry, I haven't found a guesthouse that meets those requirements.  Could you possibly stay at a higher rated place, or try a hotel room?
Please show me a guesthouse with the lowest available rating.|The alpha-milton guest house is in the north with 3 stars, but there's no wifi nor parking. Will that suffice for you?
Yes that will work. I'll need the area, postcode and address, please.|The Alpha-Milton Guest House is in the north part of town at 63 Milton Road. Their postcode is cb41xa. Need anything else?
I'd like to visit a nightclub.|I'm sorry, I haven't found a guesthouse that meets those requirements. Could you possibly stay at a higher rated place, or try a hotel room?
Yes, I think there's been some confusion. Let's go back to lodgings for a moment. With no 0-star guesthouses with moderate pricing, how about a hotel instead?|I'm sorry, there are no hotels that meet those criteria, either.  Would you like to try different star ratings?
No, I'm looking for a hotel with 0 star rating and moderately priced.|There is no results for that match
I would like to go to a college in the north.|Can you tell me the name of the college? And the city it is located?
Actually, I was hoping you could help me.  I am looking for colleges to visit in the north part of town.|Cambridge has many different colleges, but none are in the north. Would you be interested in a different area, perhaps?
Oh okay. How about a swimming pool instead?|There are two swimming pools in north. Jesus green Outdoor Pool is between victoria road and the river.
Either is fine. I need the postcode for the pool. Then I need to find a hotel.|The postcode for the Jesus Green Outdoor Pool is cb43px. What else can I help you with?
How much is admission to the pool?|I do not have the information on the entrance fee.
I need somewhere to stay in the north. With free parking and 4 stars.|There are many guesthouses to choose from in the north with these specifications, how about acorn house? When is the reservation for?
as long as it has 4 stars and free parking and in the same area as the swimming pool. I need price range, postcode and phone number|Acorn guest house is in the north. It is moderately priced with 4 stars and includes internet and parking. The phone number is 01223353888 and postcode is cb41da
Thank you so much!|Is there anything else I can help you with today?
That's all for now. Thank you.|You are welcome, have a good day
I am excited about visiting a particular attraction in Cambridge. Can you help me?|We have 79 attractions listed at this time. Was there anything in particular you were looking for?
I am looking for the fitzwilliam museum|The fitzwilliam museum is located in the centre area of town and is free to enter. Would you like more information?
Yes, please. What is the postcode?|No problem.  The post code for the fitzwalliam museum is cb21rb.  Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes. I am looking for a place to stay that has 4 stars and includes free wifi.|We have at least 33 four star hotels with internet, would you like one close to the museum?
yeah sure why not! that would be dope!|Ok, I can book you a room at the Arbury Lodge Guesthouse.  Is that good?
Yes please. Book a room for 4 people for 3 nights, beginning Monday. I need a reference number.|I have confirmed your booking at arbury lodge guesthouse for 3 nights starting Monday. Your reference number is WAI4ET4D. Would you like help with anything else?
No thank you, you been so helpful, have a wonderful day!|Thank you for using our system!
I need to take a train on saturday after 15:00|First I need a little more information to find something that will suit your needs. What are your departure and arrival destinations?
I'm coming to Cambridge from Peterborough.|Okay, is there a certain time you need to arrive by?
No, just need to leave after 15:00. When will I arrive and how long does it take?|You have a few options. One train leaves at 15:19 and it's about a 50 minute trip, putting you in cambridge at 16:09. Should I book it for you?
No thanks. I also need multiple sports places to go please.|Okay, I found one on the East side called the cherry hinton village centre. Would you like me to get you the address?
no, thanks I just need the phone number|The phone number for the cherry hinton village centre is 01223576412
I am also looking for a multiple sports complex to visit.|There's the cherry hinton village centre. Would you like more information?
Thanks.  I am all set here.|Would you like some info on that venue?
No thank you. I have everything I need for now.|Have a wonderful day
I could really go for some Italian food - is there a good place in the city centre?|Yes we have 9 Italian restaurants in that area. Do yo have a price range you'd like to stick to?
No price range but can you check in the centre of town?|If you want to splurge, I recommend Stazione. Would you like to book a table there?
Yes. Luncheon for 7 at 12:45 this Monday, or 11:45 if the later is not available. Please get me a confirmation number too please.|You're all set! The reservation number is IGC0GLMU
Great.  Are there any interesting places to go in the area of that restaurant?|The  Broughton House Gallery is free and located at 98 King Street.
I was looking for a college.|christ's college is in the centre and admission is free
Great. Can I have the phone number?|Yes, that phone number is 01223334900. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Just a taxi from the church to the restaurant by the booking time please|It is booked for you in a yellow tesla, the contact number is 07059448074.
Great!  Thanks for all your help today!|Have a great day!
thanks again for all of your help, you've been great!|Have a great weekend.
I am looking for places to go in town located in the centre of town.|There is the Vue Cinema downtown. If that interests you, their phone number is 08712240240.
What is the entrance fee and the address?|The address is the grafton centre, east road.  Unfortunately, there isn't an entrance fee listed.  Would you like information on an alternate attraction?
No that's okay. However, I am also looking for a train from Cambridge to Ely, could you help me find one?|Absolutely!  I have 70 trains going from cambridge to ely.  Do you have a departure and/or arrival time?
Yes, i would like to leave Saturday after 11:30|TR0721 departs at 11:50. Would you like me to book it for you?
Yes, can you provide me the travel time and the price as well?|Price is 3.52 pounds. Duration is 17 minutes.
ok thank you so much|I would be happy to book that for you. Are you travelling alone?
That is all I need today thank you for your help.|You're welcome, have a great day.
I'm wanting to find a museum to go to located in the centre. Can you help?|There are a few. Does Primavera sound like what you're looking for?
That sounds great!  Can I get the address for it?|Sure thing, the address is 10 king s parade.
I also need to find a train for Friday. Can you help?|Ok, I am getting the systems up, where will you be going to and arriving from?
I need a train leaving on friday and I want to get there by 21:30. Leaving broxbourne and going to cambridge|Okay. would you like me to book you a seat?
Yes, for eight people, please. And may I please get the reference number for that booking.|I was able to book TR5056, the reference number is G2VTHEIO.
Oh. I'm sorry, I need that booking for 6 people.  Can you change that and give me the new referrence number?|Sure your new reservation number for 6 people is  EAO8WB62.
Thank you good bye|I'm glad I could help.
I wanted to search for a specific type of attraction in town.|I can help with that. What's the name of the attraction?
I'm actually just looking for a college I could visit, but not a specific one. Which is your favorite?|Churchill college located at storey's way. Would you like the phone number?
Yes please can you send me the address too?|Yes, it is located at Storey's Way cb30ds.  The phone number is 0122336233.  Would you like to look for anything else today?
Yes please.  I am looking for a hotel in the north side of town in the moderate price range as well.  Any suggestions?|Sure how about the Avalon on 62 Gilbert Road?
Does it have free parking and wifi?|It does have internet but it does not have parking.
Are there any hotels in the north that include free parking and free wifi that are moderately priced?|We have nice to pick from but the limehouse is my personal favorite, many a great memories there.  Would you like their information or a booking?
Yes please book that for 4 people for 4 nights starting on saturday.|I have made the reservation and the reference number is 9H08N83H.
Thank you so much for your help today.|I am glad to help. Enjoy !
Good afternoon. It's such a beautiful day out and I am visiting here. Can you tell me if there is a park nearby to where I am?|I have five parks in the area, four are free and one is  pounds. If you want to give me your location I can narrow down the results.
What's in the center of town?|The Cambridge University Botanic Gardens is in the center of the park. It is located in Bateman Street, the entrance is 4 pounds.
That sounds interesting.  Can you just give me their phone number please?|Their phone number is 01223336265. Can I assist you with anything else?
No, that's everything. Thank you!|Have a great day! Goodbye!
There is a certain hotel I want to stay in, can you book that?|What is the name of that hotel?
it's the express by holiday inn cambridge|Would you like to book a room?
Is there internet?|Express by holiday inn cambridge does have free internet.
Great, thanks. Also, can you tell me a little about the Scott Polar Museum?|Sure. Scott Polar Museum is on Lensfield Road, the entrance fee is free, and their phone number is 01223336540.
Wonderful. Thanks so much for your help today.|You're welcome, can I help with anything else today?
No Thank you, I appreciate all of your help, Goodbye.|Glad I was able to help thanks for using our services. Bye
I'm looking for places to go in north Cambridge.|Sure, how does a swimming pool, park, or a boat sound?
The park sounds great, what is the postcode and entrance fee?|Milton Country Park is free to enter, and their postcode is cb46az.
Great, thanks. Also, can you give me some information on a place called the Curry Garden restaurant?|Of course, what information are you seeking?
I need the adress and phone number please|The curry gardens phone number is 01223302330 and address is 106 Regent Street City Centre. May I help you with anything else.
No that will be all thank you so much for your assistance.|Great.  Thanks for letting up assist you today!
Yes I am looking for a train leaving Cambridge on a Thursday.|TR8272 leaves at 05.00
I'm heading to Broxbourne, and I'd like to leave after 13:45.|Your best bet is probably the TR9033. It leaves cambridge at 14:01. Would you like a ticket?
Actually, I gave you the wrong day. I'd like to travel on Wednesday, from Cambridge to Broxbourne, and I'd like to leave anytime after 12:45.|No problem.  I found 11 trains matching your request.  What time would you like to arrive?
No I would just like the earliest train that leaves after 12:45.|TR6167 leaves Cambridge at 13:01.  Can I book a seat for you?
I'll need it booked for 8 people.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 143.19 GBP payable at the station. Reference number is : W8FEGXWO. Is there anything else I can help with?
Yes, I'm also looking for entertainment places to go in town in the south area.  Can you help me with that?|I can definitely help with that. I have two different entertainment venues in the south. One is Nusha and the other is Tenpin. Does either sound interesting?
Can you give me the postcode and phone number for Nusha?|Certainly. The number is 01223902158, and the postcode is cb17dy.
Thanks, that's all I need today. I'm all set!|Thank you, enjoy your stay in Cambridge.
i am looking for a swimming pool.|Sure, which part of town are you looking for?
The area doesn't really matter, can you pick a popular me for me?|Parkside Pools is centrally located and their address is Gonville Place. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
I'm looking for a sri lankan restaurant.|I'm sorry. I'm not able to find anything that meets your criteria. Would you like to try a different type of food?
hmm, what about chinese food?|Sure I've found an expensive place named yu garden in the east, would you like me to book something?
Yes, I'd like to take my husband there at 11:30 on Wednesday.|Booked! The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Your Reference number: 5R5C75ZP.
I'd also like to book a taxi from the pool to the restaurant that arrives by the reservation time.|Sure.  What time would you like to leave?
As long as it arrives by 11:30  it doesnt matter when it leaves|Would you like me to reserve it for you.
Yes, please. I'll need the contact number and car type.|You're all set! It's a grey volvo. If you need to contact the driver for any reason, the contact number is 07174343971.
Thank you, you were a great help. That's all I needed.|welcome and have a great day
have great day too|I'll be going now. Good-bye
Hello, I'm looking for local tourist attractions located in the west. May I please have that information?|Yes, in the west, I have colleges and museums. Some are free and some cost several pounds.  Would you like information for a college?
Yes tell me about the colleges.|There are five colleges in the west but the most prestigous one is churchill college, would you like more information?
Could you pick the best on and give me the address?|Clare hall is the best the address is herschel road.
Thank you.  Could yo also find a Polish restaurant in the expensive range in the same area?|There are no expensive Polish restaurants in the west, are there any other sorts of restaurants you would like?
How about something that serves british food?|graffiti is very popular and suits all your needs. Can I book it for you?
Yes please for 4 people on saturday at 17:00.|Your table is booked, ref #U8T6LQEJ. Can I help you with anything else today?
No. You're the best. Have a great day. Goodbye|You have a great day as well!  Goodbye!
We're looking for some places to go in town. We'd like some information on pools and boating in the centre. Can you help with that?|Definitely! Are you more interested in a pool or a boat?
My kids are wanting to swim. What are the options in that area of town?|Here is an option in that part of town parkside pools.
Okay. May I have their telephone number, entrance fee and postcode?|Their phone number is 01223446100, postcode is cb11ly, and there is no entrance fee listed. Can I help with anything else?
Yes, I keep hearing about this hotel called Home From Home. Can you tell me anything about it?|Home From Home is a 4 star guesthouse in the north. It has free wifi and free parking. Would you like more information?
Yes, I'd like to book a room for 7 on sunday, please.|How many nights will you be staying?
It will be for 2 nights.|I have booked the hotel for Sunday for 7 people for 2 nights. Your reference number is SRSOTYZ4. Is there anything else I can help with?
I need a taxi between the two places.|Before I can book you a taxi, what time are you planning on leaving parkside pools to go to home from home?
I want to leave by 14:15.|I booked the taxi. It will be a red ford and their phone number is 07801759620.
Thanks.  You've been a great help today.|You're welcome!  Is there anything else I can do to help you?
No you have taken care of all my needs thank you so much and have a good day.|You're very welcome. It was a pleasure to help you. Good-bye.
Hi I am looking for a place to go in the west. Can you help?|I can help with that. What attraction type are you most interested in?
Another sort of attraction. Just let me know the postcode and address.|cb39et 	cb39et there you are.
What is this place?  And could I get the phone number?|So sorry for the system error. That postcode was for Queen's College. The address is silver street.
Thank you. I also need the phone number please.|Their phone number is 01223335511
Thanks! I also need a train to Norwich sometime after 15:00 on Tuesday, please.|Train TR6524 will work for you, can I book you a ticket?
Does it leave from Cambridge?|Yes, train TR6524 leaves from cambridge. May I book it for you?
No. But what is the travel time and when will it arrive?|It would leave at 15:36 and arrive by 16:55.
That will be fine. Can you help me book this?|I can book it for you.
Please make a booking for 1 person.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 17.6 GBP payable at the station .
Reference number is : 4IYVEZIB.
what was the travel time for the train please?|it will take 79 minutes
ok, thank you very much|Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
No, thank you. That's all I need. Goodbye.|welcome any time you need our help
I am looking for a moderate restaurant in the centre. Could you help me with this?|Certainly, there are 21 moderate restaurants to choose from in the centre. Are you in the mood for any particular type of food?
Yes, I would love to have some New Zealand cuisine if possible.|There are no restaurants that serve New Zealand food in the centre of town that are moderately priced. Do you want to try a different cuisine?
How about british food?|I recommend Cotto. Would you like a table there?
No thank you.  Could I get the phone number and address please?|Of course. The phone number for Cotto is 01223302010 and the address is 183 East Road City Centre. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Yes, I'm looking for a museum to go to.|Did you want that museum to be in the center of town, as well?
That sounds good, thank you.|Ok, How about the broughton house gallery?
That could work. Can I get the entrance fee, address, and postcode as well?|Of course. There is no fee to enter. The address is 98 king Street, postcode cb11ln. Do you need any more info?
No, that's all I needed. Thanks! Goodbye!|Thank you for using our services. Have a great day.
Hi, I'm looking for a train that leaves after 12:00 and departs from Cambridge.|I will also need your arrival destination and day of travel please to complete this request.
I would like to go to Leichester on Tuesday.|On what day will you be travelling?
I will be leaving on Tuesday.|I have 12 trains that match your criteria.  They leave every hour starting at 12:21.  Do you have a preference of time?
That first one sounds good, the one that leaves at 12:21. Can you book that train for 2 people please.|Your total is 75.59 GBP, which you can pay at the train station. Your Reference number is : ATZTDM9Q.
I'm also looking for some entertainment around the center of town, do you have any suggestions|Sure, I can help you with that?  Was there a type of attraction you were looking for?
I was actually looking for an entertainment venue.|I have nothing in the venue right now. Do you have other preferences ?
How about a theatre?|we got 4. can i recommend one?
Yes, please. I need the theatre's entrance fee, address and postcode.|I recommend the adc theatr, postcode 	cb58as, address park street.  No entrance fee.
Ok that sounds perfect, thank you.|You are welcome.  Anything else I can help you with?
That is everything thank you.|You're welcome. Have a great day!
Can you help me find The Fitzwilliam Museum?|The Fitzwilliam museum is in the Centre, and is located on Trumpington Street.
Can I get the address, attraction type, and area please?|Sure, it is a museum in the centre, located on Trumpington Street.  Can I help you with anything else?
No, you've been great! Thank you for helping.|Enjoy your visit to the museum. Goodbye!
Looking for something exciting to do in the Centre.  What's the best attraction?|Do you have any preferences for the attraction types?
Not really. Maybe a museum or theater, or something you find interesting.|I'd recommend adc theatre on park street, cb58as. Their phone number is 01223300085.
Can you recommend another one.|How about the Mumford Theatre?  It's at Anglia Ruskin Enterprise, East Road in the centre area of town.
That sounds like fun. Please get me their postcode and phone number|The postcode is cb11pt and the phone number is 08451962320.
I also need a hotel room.|I found 5 hotels in the centre area.  Are you looking for a particular price range?
It is a specific one. A and B Guest house.|a and b guest house is in the east part of town and in the moderate price range. Would you like me to book it?
I would like to see a college in the centre area of town.|I have 13 colleges. I like the emmanuel college but is there another one you had in mind?
Emmanuel college is fine.  What's the address?|Emmanuel college is on saint andrew's street. It is free admission. Can I help you with anything else today?
Yes please, can you help me with train schedules too? I need to travel on Sunday.|Of course!  So that I can better help you, can you give me the departure and destination cities you are considering?
I am leaving from Cambridge and going to Birmingham New Street. I would also like to leave after 21:00.|I have TR1012, leaving at 21:01 and arriving at 23:44. Will that work for you?
It sure will if you can book 8 tickets for me.|Your booking was successful and your fee is 480.64 GBP. Can I help you with anything else today?
Can I get the reference number for the train please?|Of course! Your reference number is J4Y78RXR. May I help with anything else?
Nope. Thank you for your help!|Okay, have a great day!
i need a place to stay|I would love to help. Which part of town?
Our family lives in the east, so how about close by.|Sure, we have 6 guesthouses and 1 hotel. What is your price range?
price does not matter. but i need a 1 star|I don't have any 1 star hotels in the east.
How about a 4 star with free wifi?|Allenbell is a 4 start guesthouse on the east in the cheap price range with free wifi and parking.
What is the phone number for Allenbell? What are some places to go in town close to the hotel?|The phone number  for allenbell is 01223210353
I'd like some suggestions on places to go in the same area as the guesthouse. I need the address, postcode, and attraction type.|There are two museums nearby, would you like more details about them?
Yes I would like more information on both museums.|saint barnabas press gallery	is  located in the belfast yard, coldham's road , cb13ew and gallery at twelve a high street	is at fulbourn,cb15dh
That is all I need. Thanks.|ok, great! have a wonderful day.
I'm looking for attractions that are in the centre, could you help me find some?|There are 44 attractions located in the Centre area.  Are you interested in any particular type of attraction to narrow down your choices?
Anything that you recommend I need the postcode and entrance fee.|The broughton house gallery located at postcode cb11ln has free entrance.
Sounds great. Thank you for the recommrndation postcode, and I am happy about the free entrance.|You're welcome, can I do anything else for you?
No, but a thank you for helping me.|You are welcome.  Have a good day!
Oh I need a train  to cambridge on Wednesday|I can help with that. Where did you want to leave from?
I want to leave from Stansted Airport.|Is there a certain time you would like to leave or arrive by?
I would like to get to the airport by 10:45.|Just to verify, you would like to leave Stansted Airport by 10:45 and head to Cambridge? Is that correct?
I would like to arrive at the airport by 10:45.|Train TR1691 leaves stansted airport at 11:24 and arrives in cambridge at 11:52. Would that work for you? I'd be happy to book tickets for your group.
That would be great. I just need 1 ticket and my reference number please.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 10.1 GBP payable at the station. Your reference number is PPDCGT1H. Anything else?
No that will be everything, thank you. Goodnight!|You are welcome. Have a great night. Goodbye.
I am looking for a college in the West in town.|I have 5 colleges in the West area. Queens' College,Magdalene College, Clare Hall, Clare College, and Churchill College, is there any other information that you need?
Can I have the address and postcode for Magdelene College?|Yes of course. The address is magdalene street and the phone number is 01223332138. Is there anything else I can help you with?
what's the postcode?|The postcode is cb30ag. Can I help you with anything else today?
No that will be all thank you so much.|Thank you! Goodbye.
Hello, I am trying to locate a restaurant that serves northern European food, and I would prefer a more elegant setting.|I am sorry but there are no restaurants matching your requests. Would you like me to search for a different food type?
How about an expensive restaurant that serves British food?|There are six expensive British restaurants in Cambridge. Do you have a preferred section of town?
It's all new to me. Could you recommend one?|Absolutely, I recommend the Cambridge Chop House at 1 Kings Parade in the centre of town.  This is a highly recommended British experience by locals and tourists a-like.
Great. Could you also help me find a cinema in the south of town?|Sure thing, we have the cineworld cinema located at Cambridge leisure park, Clifton way.
Cineworld sounds perfect. What's their postal code?|The postal code is cb17dy. Can I get you anything else?
No, that'll be all. Thank you for all of your help today.|Have a good time!
I'm looking for any type of architectural attractions in town. Do you have any recommendations?|I could not find any attraction that match your request. Can I look for museums?
There are no architectural attractions anywhere in town?|All saints church is listed as architecture, would you like to go there?
Sure, that sounds good. Could you give me the information on All Saints Church?|It is in the centre located at Jesus Lane and the entrance is free.  Their phone number is 01223452587 and the postcode is cb58bs? Anything else I can help with?
Yes, I am looking for an expensive place to stay that includes free parking.|Sure!  I have a few places in mind, but can you tell me if you prefer a particular area?
I'm just looking for something that is a guesthouse in the cheap price range.|Alexander bed and breakfast is available, would that work for you?
can you book for 4 people 5 nights and get me the reference number please?|from what day should i book?
Starting Thursday.|You have a room booked for Thursday.  Reference number is U3DO9AJP.  Can I help with anything else?
No that was it. Thank you so much for your help.|Thank you and goodbye.
I am looking for a multiple sports attraction that is in the centre of town.|There are no multiple sports attractions in the centre of town. There is one in the east however. The Cherry Hinton Village Centre.
No I want to stay in the centre.  Can you check if there are any concerthalls?|The man on the moon is in the centre part of town. It's address is 2 norfolk street. Would you like me to reserve a ticket?
Can you tell me the entrance fee and postcode for The Man on the Moon?|The postcode for The Man on the Moon is cb12lf. You will need to give them a call at 01223474144 to find out the entrance fee.
I am also looking for a cheap vietnamese restaurant.|There is a vietnamese restaurant called Thanh Binh on the west side of town. It is located at 17 Magdalene Street City Centre.
Ok, I'd like to book a table for 6 people at 17:15 on friday. Please give a reference number as well, thanks!|Your table will be reserved for 15 minutes at the time you requested.  Reference number IYKHKOC7.
I'd also like a taxi that can get me to the restaurant on time.  I need a contact number and the car type.|Alright, I have your Taxi booked. It will be a Blue Volvo, contact number: 07461170081. Can I help you with anything else today?
That is everything I needed. Thank you for the help.|Thank you for contacting Cambridge TownInfo center. Have a wonderful day.
I'm looking for a museum in the west area of town.|There is a museum called Kettle's Yard in the west. Would you like to go here?
Yes please, what is their entrance fee?|Kettle's yard has a no entrance fee.
Oh great thank you for your help. Where is the train from cambridge to norwich depart from and when?|There is a train leaving on Friday at 5:36. Would you like that one?
I'm actually looking for one on Thursday that will arrive by 10:30. Are there any trains available for that?|Yes! The price is 17.60 pounds. How many tickets would you like to book?
I would like to book 6 tickets, please. And may I have the reference number once the booking is complete?|Yes great! I have your reference number. It is HI5JHIXZ and the total cost of your tickets was 105.6 GBP. Please do enjoy your trip. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, I think that's all I need. Thank you for your help!|Sure thing, enjoy your trip!
I need some information on Cambridge.  I'm looking for places to go in town.|how about all saints church? it has free admission.
Sure, could you send me the postcode? Is that a architecture?|Yes it is architecture. The post code is cb58bs. Can I help with anything else?
I would like a hotel in the same area as all saints church.|We have the leverton house at newmarket road with postcode cb58rs. It is cheaply priced. Is that okay for you?
That's it Thank you|You're welcome. Can I help you with anything else today?
i am  looking for a place to stay.|What area would you like?
I would like to book at the Leverton House as stated before. I need a room booked for 6 and 3 nights starting from Tuesday.|Booking was successful.
Reference number is : 8HO6GEBH.
Thank you so much. That's all I need today.|Thank you for using our service. Have a great day!
Looking for a train that leaves on Wednesday.|I have trains all leaving cambridge going to london kings cross on wednesday. First one leaves at 05:00 last at 13:00 and its a 51 minute ride
I would liek to arrive by 13:00, can I book the one that leaves at 12:00|Sorry, but I don't have anything leaving at 12:00 but I have train TR9781 that leaves at 11:00 and will get you there by 11:51. How does that sound?
That sounds fine. What's the price?|The ticket price is 23.60 pounds. How many tickets would you like?
One ticket will work.|Booked! You'll pay at the station. Your reference number is: 0140Z2O7.
Thanks.  I'm also looking for a concerthall to visit.  Are their any in the west?|Unfortunately there aren't any. Could you like to try other areas?
how about one that is in the type of museum.|I have the Cafe Jello, which has free admission.
That's awesome! What's their phone number?|The phone number for Cafe Jello Gallery is 01223312112.  Can I help you find anything else?
That's everything. Thanks for the help.|We hope you enjoy your trip.
Thanks so much again! Goodbye!|You're welcome, goodbye.
Hello, I am new to town and would like some ideas on whee I should go in the centre.|There are 44 attractions you can view - is there a specific type of activity you're looking for?
No. Can you recommend a place I should go?|I can recommend the Vue Cinema at the grafton centre, east road. Would you like me to book tickets?
OK. What is the entrance fee?|I'm sorry, I don't have a listing of their entrance fee in my system.
Thanks, I'm also looking for an expensive danish restaurant in the centre of town.|I am sorry, I couldn't find such a restaurant. Would you like to change your preferences, perhaps a different type of cuisine?
I apologize, but can we go back to finding a place to go but I would like something preferably in the centre of town and how much it costs?|The Vue Cinema is in the centre, but the entry fee is not listed. Perhaps you'd prefer All Saint's Church, which is renowned for its Architecture, and offers free admittance?
No thank you. i'm looking for an indian restaurant|There are five Indian restaurants near the centre in the expensive price range. They are: curry garden, the golden curry, saffron brasserie, panahar, and curry king.
Let's go with curry garden. I need the postcode, address, and phone number to that please.|Curry Garden is located at 106 Regent Street City Centre.  The postcode is cb21dp.  The phone number is 01223302330.
I also need a taxi from Vue Cinema to Curry Garden.  I need to leave Curry Garden by 14:45|I've booked your taxi - a grey toyota, contact number 07445683800 - but we should probably shore up the plans again. Is it Vue to Curry Garden or vice versa?
Vue to Curry. Thank you.|I apologize for the confusion. Currently, the taxi is set to depart Vue Cinema at 14:45 to go to Curry Garden. Does this need to be changed?
No. That is what I need.  Thank you!|Great!  Thank you for confirming that.  Is there anything else I can do for you today?
This looks complete, thank you for your help!|You're welcome, have a great day.
I am looking for information in Cambridge|What information are you looking for?
I need some places to go. Maybe some place in the centre are of the town. Multiple sports type?|Unfortunately there are no multiple sport type attractions in the centre of town? Would you like info on another attraction or in another area?
Can we try to find a theatre? I'll need the phone number, please?|I recommend the Mumford Theatre. They are located at Anglia Ruskin Enterprise, East Road. Their phone number is 08451962320.
Thank you. I also need information on a train to Leicester on Thursday.|I have several options, what is your timeframe like?
I need to arrive by 20:00 please.|and from where will you be departing?
I will be leaving from Cambridge.|The TR3564 will get you there by 19:06. Would you like for me to book it?
Yes, please. I need 6 tickets.|The reservations have been made and the reference number is F82V85K4. and the total fee is 226.8 GBP.
No thanks!  That's it for now.|OKay I am glad I could assist.
Goodbye and thanks. Have a great day.|welcome anytime you need us
Yes, I'm looking for a place to go in the south.|Sure let me help you with that. Which type of attraction would you like to visit?
Can you recommend any good museums there?|The byard art is the only museum in the south and the entrance fee is free.
What is their phone number?|01223464646 phone number
Can you tell me the postcode?|The postcode is cb21sj.  Is there anything else that I can help you with today?
Nope, that's all I needed today. Thanks!|Glad I could be of assistance. Have a great day.
Are there any boating activities available?|There are 4 boat attractions. What is your preferred area?
I don't care, what do you have?|Camboats is a great choice. It is located in the East area of town.  Would you like additional information for the company?
Yeah what's the address of Camboats? I also need an expensive place to eat.|Camboats address is The Plough, Green end, Fen Ditton.   Regarding restaurants I am showing an elegant Chinese restaurant, British Cuisine, and an upscale Gastropub near the Camboats location.
Do any of those serve molecular gastronomy food and in the centre of town?|I'm sorry, there aren't any serving that type of food. Would you like to try something different?
How about something that serves seafood?|Yes, loch fyne is in town centre and serves seafood. It is in the expensive price range. Would you like to reserve a table?
No thank you. Can I have the phone number, postcode and address though?|Sure thing! The phone number is 01223362433. The address of Loch Fyne is The Little Rose 37 Trumpington Street, and the postcode is cb21qy. Can I help with anything else?
Yes, I am going to need to get a taxi to leave the restaurant.|No problem.  We can get that booked for you.  Can you let me know where you will be going and what time you would like to leave or arrive?
Yes, I'd like to leave the restaurant by 09:30 to go to Camboats.|Your booking is completed. Your car will be a white bmw. Can I help you with anything else?
No, that's everything thank you very much.|Have a nice day!
You too! Bye!|Thank you, let us know if you need anymore help.
Hi, I'm looking for a train from Cambridge on Wednesday. Can you help?|I sure can. Where will you be traveling to?
I will be traveling from Cambridge to Norwich on Wednesday.  The train should leave after 16:00.|How about TR6838? It leaves at 16:36.
Can you give me the arrive time, train ID, and price? Thank you.|The train ID is TR6838 and the price is 17.60 pounds.  Would you like to book a ticket?
Yes, please. I am also looking for the Cambridge and county folk museum.|I managed to book you on TR6838.  Your confirmation number is  DCI4NSWK.  The cambridge and county folk museum is located at 2-3 castle street.
What area of town is that located in?|The museum is located in the west.
What's the entrance fee?|It would be 3.50.
Ok, I would like to purchase a ticket to the museum. Can you process that for me, please?|I am sorry i am unable to purchase tickets here is the phone number 01223355159 so you can reserve tickets.
What attraction type is the  cambridge and county folk museum.|It is a type of museum. That is all the information I have.
Thank you. You have helped me with all my needs. Have a good day. Good Bye.|You're very welcome, enjoy your trip!
I'm looking for museum type attractions.|May I suggest Cambridge Artworks? They are located in the East at 5 Greens Road.
Okay wonderful! Thanks so much.|Cambridge Artworks has no entrance fee and the contact number is 01223902168.
Thank you so much! I am also looking for a train leaving on Tuesday and going to Cambridge.|There are 202 trains to Cambridge. Where are you leaving from?
I need to arrive by 9:15 and then depart from stevenage.|Great, train TR5737 arrives at 08:43 in cambridge. How many riders shall I book tickets for?
There are 8 riders, and I need a reference number please.|Booking was successful your Reference number is : AC1OUCJV
Thank you very much. That was all I needed for today. Have a nice day.|Happy to help. Enjoy your stay!
I'm planning my first trip to Cambridge and looking for places to go in the centre, can you give me some suggestions on what and where to go?|Sure, i would suggest going to the multiple nigh clubs that are in the centre and also located there are museums. does that sound like something you would like to experience?
Yes, I think we will go to the museums.  Can I get the postcode for the museums and what do they charge for entry? Thank you.|I have 5 museums that may interest you, 4 of them are free and 1 has an entrance fee of 2 pounds. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I'm also looking for a train from Cambridge to Stansted airport.|What day and time would you like to leave?
I would like to leave on Sunday and arrive by 17:15.|There is a train: TR8363 that arrives at the airport by 17:08. How many people are traveling with you? Would you like me to book it?
Can I get the travel time and departure time on that?|Of course. The TR8363 would leave at 16:40 and arrive at 17:08. It would of course cost 8.08 pounds per ticket, and it would be a 28 minutes ride.
Thanks, that is all I need. Have a nice day.|Thanks for contacting Cambridge TownInfo centre! You have a great day!
Hi. I'm interested in finding a good restaurant near the center of town. Do you have any listings that fall in the expensive price range?|We have many expensive restaurants located in the centre of town. Is there a type of cuisine that you would prefer specifically?
I do not care.|I would recommend wagamama, which serves japanese food. Would you like to reserve a table?
That would be great, can I also have the postcode and address for Wagamama?|The address is 36 Saint Andrews Street, postcode cb23ar. Would you like to reserve a table?
No, thank you, but I would like to know if there is a museum in town.  I need the postcode for the museum.|The Broughton House Gallery is located in the centre.  It's postcode is cb11ln.  Is there anything else I can help you with?
Nope. That's all today. Thank you.|My pleasure, enjoy your trip!
I'm planning a trip to Cambridge, I would like to visit multiple sports in the east area.|the cherry hinton village centre is in the east area would you like the phone number?
No, but I'd like the address and postcode if you have it.|The address is on Colville Road, Cherry Hinton and the postcode is cb19ej. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Thanks. I also need information on a train. I need one that leaves Bishops stortford after 13:30.|There are several trains available after that time, what is your preferred time and day for booking?
The train needs to leave on sunday and depart after 13:30.|Okay, I've got TR4651 which leaves Sunday at 15:29 and arrives	16:07, will that work for you?
Yes that works, can I also get the price?|Certainly.  The price is  8.08 pounds. Would you like me to book this now?
Ok great, can you confirm that this train goes to cambridge please?|Yes, TR4651 does indeed go to Cambridge.
Thank you for the information. That's all I need right now. Good bye.|Of course. Thank you for choosing Help Desk. Have a nice day.
Are there any good restaurants to go to near the college?|Sure, I can help you with that.  Is there a particular type of food you were interested in?
No. Actually, just find me an attraction in the category of college.|Is there a certain area you would like?
I would like the something in the centre.|Emmanuel college is located at Saint Andrew's street and has free entrance. Would you like their phone number?
Yes can you please send me that.|their phone number is 01223334200.
Great. I would also like to find a polynesian restaurant in the centre area.|I'm sorry, but there are no Polynesian restaurants in our system.Would you like to try a different cuisine?
Is there any restaurant with European food instead?|yes there is one in the east i will recommend it to you.
Hi, are there any fusion restaurants on the westside?|I'm sorry there no fusion restaurants in the west would you like to try another area?
Let's try for Vietnamese food instead in that same area.|The thanh binh is the only restaurant with that cusine in the south. Would you like a reservation?
Yes that is fine please make reservations for 3 people at 18:15 on wednesday.|i'm sorry that information was incorrect. thanh binh is located in the west. do you still want to book?
Yes for 3 people at 18:15 on a Wednesday.|Great, Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Reference number is : G29KXRKT. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Thank you. Can you tell me a little about Castle Galleries?|They are located at unit su43, grande arcade, saint andrews street, and their postcode is cb23bj
What kind of attraction is it?|They are a museum and the entrance fee is free. Do you need help with something else?
Yes please. Get me their phone number|Certainly! Their phone number is 01223307402.
Thank you for the information.|That will be all, thanks!
I am looking for information in Cambridge|Certainly! Are you looking for a place to stay, a restaurant, attraction information, or do you need transportation?
I need a train that leaves after 15:45 on Wednesday.|Where will you be leaving from and what is your destination?
I want to go to Stansted Airport.|Those trains leave every hour. There are trains that meet your specifications. The earliest would leave at 16:40 and arrive at the airport by 17:08.
I also need suggestions for places to go. I'm interested in seeing colleges in the north.|There are no colleges in the north. Would you like a different area or a different type of attraction?
Could you please try for something in the boat category?|The Riverboat Georgina in a boating place and is in the NORTH
I need information on trinity college|Okay, I've pulled up Trinity College. What information do you need?
I need to know the attraction type and address.|Ok. Trinity college is a college and the address is trinity street. Anything else?
No, that is all I need today. Thank you very much!|You're welcome! Have a great day.
Thanks. You too! Goodbye.|Get back in touch if you need help in the future. Goodbye.
I am hoping to get information about some places to go in the centre of town.|Great saint mary's church is an architecture site in the centre of town.
Can I get the address please?|Great saint mary's is located at market square and the entrance fee is 2 pounds. May I help you with anything else?
I'm also looking for somewhere to stay.|What ammenities do you need for your hotel ?
I would like it to be in the moderate price range and include wifi.|I found quite a few. What area would you like it to be in?
Do you have anything near my attraction in the centre part of town?|Yes, there is one. It is cityroomz. Want me to book it for you?
I'm not ready to book. Can you tell me the address and type please instead|The address is sleeperz hotel, station road and the postcode is cb12tz.
And what is the type of cityroomz?|Cityroomz is a hotel.
Thank you so much, that is all I need today.  Goodbye.|Thank you for visiting Cambridge and have a great weekend.
I would like a restaurant in the south in the expensive range.|Okay! What type of cuisine do you want? Chinese, Indian, Italian, and Mexican cuisines are available.
I would like a Chinese restaurant.|Your options are the Good Luck Chinese Food Takeaway, or Peking Restaurant.
Let's try the Peking Restaurant, can you make a reservation for us on Monday?  Around 13:45 please.|Yes certainly but how many people will be dining please?
It will be 6 people dining.|Okay, I've got that taken care of.  Your reference number is ECBRMJS2.  Can I help you with anything else?
Yes. I'm looking for something to do while I'm in town.|There are museums, architecture, colleges, theater, cinema, boat tour. Doers anything interest you in particular.
in the same area as the restaurant? I am interested in architecture please|There is no architecture in the south of town
Perhaps you could locate a park in the south?|There is the Wandlebury Country park. Phone 01223243830. Would you like anything else?
Could you call and find out what hours they open and close? Also, if they have tours?|It appears that they do not have tours. It is a free admission, so you can feel free to go when you please. Can I help with anything else?
No that is all I need for today.|okay sounds good.
Could you tell me if Cambridge has any expensive Austrian restaurants?|I'm afraid not. Could you like to try any other food type or price range?
Are you sure there's no expensive Austrian food in the north? It's what I'm really set on.|I'm sorry but I'm not able to find anything that matches those specifications.  Would you like to try another type of food?
Could you look for something Chinese with the same criteria?|I would suggest hakka
That sounds good - can you book a table for 8 at 12:00 on Thursday, please?|I have a table for 8 people on Thursday at 12:00, your reference number in PBGQ796L.  Can I help with anything else?
I am also looking for a boat in the North of town.|There is one option. It is riverboat georgina. Can I help you further today?
Please tell me the postcode|Sure thing. The postcode is cb43ax. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
That is all. Thank you for your help.|You are most welcome. Enjoy your day!
Hi, I would like some suggestions for entertainment venues to visit in the south part of town.|There are many in the south can I ask what type you are looking for?
There is no specific type of venue. But I would like the phone number, address, and postcode.|Okay. There is a Nusha and Tenpin venue. Which do you prefer?
I think I would like to try Nusha.|Great choice. It's located at unit g6, cambridge leisure park, clifton road and their phone number is 01223902158. Would you like help with anything else today?
Yes, how about a place to eat?  Indonesian food would be perfect and in the same area as Nusha please.|Unfortunately I can't find any Indonesian restaurants in the area. What about another type of food?
Chinese food would work.|The peking restaurant is a nice place.  Do you need reservations?
Yes please. I need it to be for 8 people at 12:30 on Friday.|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : TJBM7LPH.is there anything else
Thank you! That's all I needed.|Okay, have a great day!
Hello, I am in the centre of town, what types of attractions are available here?|There are a lot of different attractions in the centre area from museums to architecture to theatre.  Is there a specific type of attraction you are interested in?
Can I please have the information for the museums?|I have 11 museums in the centre. Would you like all their addresses?
Only the address of the one you recommend please. I will also need the entrance fee.|I recommend Broughton House Gallery.  The address is 98 king street and the entrance is free.  Can I help you with anything else?
Can you give me the phone number?|Absolutely, it is 01223314960. Is there anything else you need?
Is there an expensive restaurant in the same area?|Sure, there's a joint that serves british food, it's called the cambridge chop house, does that interest you?
and it's expensive?|yes it is in the expensive price range
Please recommend some worthwhile places to visit in the centre.|there are some great museums, colleges and churches for you to visit.
Great, I would like to get some phone numbers for those places in the centre.|I have Hughes Hall, 01223334898, with free entrance.  The broughton house gallery at 01223314960, also free.  I don't seem to have any churches.  Can I help you further?
Yes I need a train going to birmingham new street leaving after 18:15.|Where will you be departing from, and on what day?
I'll be departing from Cambridge on Wednesday.|There are five trains leaving on Weds. Do you want me to pick one to book?
Sure, and make me a booking for 7 people.|I will go ahead and book that for you.
Ok, that would be great.  Can I get the reference number please?|TR9236 leaves cambridge on wednesday on 19:01 and arrives at birmingham new street at 21:44. I have booked 7 tickets. Your Reference number is : 2BGY3ZRW.
Thank you.  That's all I need for today.  You've been a great help.|Have a wonderful visit. Thank you for using Cambridge TownInfo Centre. Goodbye.
Hello, any interesting colleges in town?|I am showing 18 colleges. Is there a certain area of town you would like?
Not really.  Which do you think would be the most interesting to visit?|I would suggest Christ's college in the city centre or Corpus Christi college in the west.  Christ's college is free and Corpus Christi costs 2 pounds? Which do you want?
What is the postcode of Corpus Christi?|Their postcode is cb21rh. Can I assist you with anything else?
I am looking for a guesthouse to stay in.|I have 24 guesthouses.  Let's narrow it down a bit.  Do you have a price range?
I need something with free parking and a 4 star rating.|That cuts it down to 16. I can recommend the Acorn guest house, or do you have a pricerange or area of town you want to stay in?
Pick any of them, please. Book it for 6 people and 3 nights, starting thursday.|Booking was successful.
Reference number is : 2WPLODLS.  is there anything else i can help you with?
Can you find me a place in the centre of town?|We have lots of attractions!  Something more specific you are looking for?
What do you recommend? I will need the address.|How about all saints church? The address is jesus lane.
Perfect. I also need a train departing from cambridge and arriving by 17:30.|There are many trains that meet your criteria. Would you like to narrow it down by day, destination, or departure time?
Yes, Tuesday going to London Liverpool Street.|I have a train that arrives at 17:27. Could I book that for you?
Yes, please.  I need a booking for 2 people.  Will you send me the reference number?|I successful booked your train the total fee is 33.2 GBP payable at the station and the
reference number is : VJVYH5LC. May I further assist you.
I am trying to find a public swimming pool. Do you know of any?|There are four public pools in Cambridge. Are you looking for one in a specific area?
Do you have one in the centre area. That would be nice.|Yes, we have 1 pool in the centre named parkside pools. Would you like more information about it?
Yes, how much is the entrance fee and can I get their number as well?|Of course, I'd be happy to provide that information. Unfortunately our system does not have information about their entrance fee, but their phone number is 01223446100 so you can ask directly.
Great I am also looking for some info on a hotel called city centre north b and b|Sure, City Centre North B & B is a guesthouse on the north side, fairly cheap with 0 stars. Would you like to make a booking there?
Thank you but I would just like the address of the hotel for now. I will also need a taxi to be booked, though.|The address of the hotel is at 328a histon road and its postal code is cb43ht.
I also need a taxi to pick me up from the attraction by 22:30|I have a taxi, a blue volkswagen, set to pick you up from parkside pools at 22:30. Your contact number is 07804944337. Is there anything else?
No that is everything I needed.  Take care.  Thanks!|We hope you have a great time.
Hello, I am looking for a local restaurant that serves indian food and is located in the centre of town.|We have nine Indian restaurants in the centre. If you have a price range preference, we have both cheap and expensive options.
I would like it to be an expensive place to eat.|I recommend curry king. their phone number is 01223324351.
I would actually like to book a table for tuesday.|How many people and what time would you like me to make your reservation?
I have a party of 8 and need it for 14:45. Can you help me with that?|Sure for what day?
on tuesday. book and give me the reference number|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : KGMVNKJM.
I would also like to find some where  fun to go in the centre of town.|Hm, there are quite a number of places to visit in the town centre. Could you give me an idea of what you're looking for? A museum or church? Or something different?
I was looking for something for a type of multiple sports.|I dont have that in the centre. Would you like to try something else ?
How about a swimming pool?|There is parkside pools. Their address is gonville place.
Okay, what are the hours they're open?|I do not have that information.
Okay, that's all I need. Good bye.|Have a good time! Good bye.
I need something in the realm of entertainment in the centre of town. What do you have?|There are no entertainment venues in the centre of the city. Would you like to try a different part of town, or a different type of attraction?
Stay in the centre, but try looking for architecture attractions please.|I have 5 different architecture attractions I can offer. Can I suggest Holy Trinity Church? Or would you like something else?
That sounds interesting. Could I please get the church's address and postcode?|Holy Trinity Church's address is market street and the postcode is cb23nz.
Thank you. Can you help me with a train for thursday?|Certainly what is your departure location and destination? And what time would you like to travel?
Leave after 15:45, from Cambridge to Leiceister.|There's a few choices, but here's one that I think will be a good fit. Train TR3564 leaves on Thursday at 17:21 and arrives by 19:06. Is this good?
That sounds great, I have everything I needed. Thank you!|Welcome, hope you enjoy your stay.
Hey, are there any good cinemas in Cambridge?|There are two cinemas, one in the south and one in the centre, which area do you prefer?
Either one is fine.  How about the south.  Can you give me the postcode and entrance fee for that one?|Sure! The cineworld cinema's phone number is 00872208000 and their post code is cb17dy. Is there anything else I can help you with?
That's all I need, thank you.|Thank you! Have a wonderful day!
I'm so hungry! Can you find me a really great modern european restaurant? Money is no object!|Darrys cookhouse and wine shop looks good, would you like to book there?
I am a little tight on money, do you know the price range?|It is the expensive price range.
That's fine.  I'd like to know if it's in the centre of town.  If so, I need a table for Sunday.|Yes, it's in the centre of town.  What time would you like to book the table for on Sunday?
Can you book a table for 1 at 11:00 on sunday?|I have made those reservations your reference is XZOJ853X.
Thank you so much! I'm also looking for parks to see. Can you help me with this?|Yes I have several. Where would you like it to be?
I am not particular but could I have an address for a popular one?|Sure thing, the address is fen causeway
You have been a great help. Thank you so much. Goodbye.|Have a great day!
I'm looking for a college to visit, can you help me?|Which area would you like to visit?
Any area is fine. Can you tell me the fee, postcode, and address of your favorite one?|Churchill college in the west is a great place to visit, the address is storey's way with postcode db30ds and entrance is free.  Can I help with anything else?
Can you find me an Italian restaurant near the college?|Any particular price range?
Actually, I need to book a train departing from Cambridge.|Can you please specify where you want to go, which day and what time you want to arrive?
Can you help me find a moderately priced restaurant in the center of town?|Sure, I can help with that. Is there a certain cuisine you are looking for?
No preference really. whatever you recommend|How about asian oriental that is in the moderate price range located in the centre of town?
cool I would need the address, postcode, and phone number.|Okay, the yippee noodle bar is at 40428 King Street City Centre postal code cb11lh and it's number is 01223518111. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Okay, great. I'm also looking for an attraction in the same area. I'd like it to be multiple sports.|How about the cherry hinton village centre?
That sounds perfect! Do you know the entrance fee?|There is no information on the entrance fee since there are a variety of facilities. Anything else I can help with?
I need to book a taxi to commute between the 2 places. I want to leave the restaurant by 14:30.|Where will you be headed?
I'll be headed to the Cherry Hinton, of course.|Great. You should expect a blue volkswagen . You can contact them on 07261965496
Thank you! That's all I need for now.|Great, I hope you have a great visit!
THanks so much you have been a huge help.|Have a nice day. Good bye.
I'm looking for a swimmingpool attraction in the centre.|There is one, Parkside Pools, located at Gonvill Place. The phone number is 01223446100 and the postcode is cb11ly.
What is the entrance fee?|My apologies. I do not show the entrance fee in my database, but if you call them, I'm sure they can give you that information.
Okay.  I need some information on an Italian Restaurant in the expensive range.  Can you help me?|There are about 5 different restaurants that have great italian food. Did you have a preference on the area of town?
Yes I need the restaurant to be in the centre.|I think Clowns Cafe would be perfect for you. Would you like me to book a reservation?
Before you do that, is it expensive and in the same area as the swimming pool you recommended?|yes, it is expensive and in the centre.
Do they have a table available for 3 people at 11:00 on Monday?|yes, shall i go ahead and reserve a table for you?
No thank you that will be all|Thank you, let me know if I can assist with anything else.
I'm looking for the Cambridge Contemporary Art.|It is a museum in the center of town.
May I have the phone number and postcode?|Phone number is 01223324222 and postcode is cb21su.
Can you help me find a train leaving Saturday, departing from stansted airport?|Where are you headed?
I am headed to Cambridge and need to arrive by 1:30pm.|The TR8488 leaves Stansted at 12:24 and arrives in Cambridge at 12:52. Would that suit you?
It would, thanks. Please make me a booking for 2 people on that train.|I have booked two tickets for you. It'll be 16.16 GBP and the reference number is: VZK4BVQ5
Thanks, that's all I need today. I appreciate your help.|You're welcome. I hope you enjoy your trip!
Hello.  I'm looking for a museum to visit while I am in Cambridge.|there are several museums in Cambridge, which area would you like? there is broughton house gallery, cambridge artworks and several others. any preference?
I would like someplace in the center of town, please.|I'd recommend the broughton house gallery on 98 king street. Their phone number is 01223314960.
Please give me their postcode too.|Sure. Postcode is cb11ln. Is there anything else I can help with?
I am also looking for a Hotel named Worth House.|Sure, its in the north, is rated 4 stars and is located at 152 chesterton road. Is there anything else? Do you want me to book it?
Does that hotel have free parking? What price range is it in?|The hotel is in the cheap price range and does come with parking. Would you like a reservation?
could I have the phone number please|Sure, it is 01223316074. Anything else you need?
Can you help  me book a taxi between the Broughton House Gallery and the hotel?  I want to leave the Gallery by 20:15|I have booked a taxi for you, it is a white lexus and you can contact them with the number 07850136314. Did you need anything else?
That's all I need.  Thank you!  Goodbye!|Thank you for contacting Cambridge TownInfo centre. Goodbye!
Hi, I am looking for information on place to go.|What area of town are you interested in going to?
I would like to go to the centre of town|I would recommend All Saints Church. They are located on Jesus Lane.
I would like to go to a college. Do you have any colleges in the centre?|There are 13 colleges in the area ranging from free to several pounds admission.  I'd suggest christ's college and it's free!
That sounds great, what's the postcode please?|The postal code is cb23bu.
I am also trying to find an expensive restaurant that serves indian food.|We have 14 restaurants matching your query. Do you have an area preference?
No can you just recommend your favorite to me please|I would suggest the curry garden.
That sounds great! Please book it for Thurdsday, at 14:45, and for 3 people.|Unfortunately, I am unable to book at this time.
Okay. Well, how about 13:45? Is that time available?|Your table is booked for 13:45, Ref#5VXVB79S. Is there anything else I can do for you today?
Great, I also need a taxi to go between the two!|A black ford will be picking you up before 13:45 the contact number is 07421810927 is there anything else I can help you with?
No that's everything I needed. Have a great night.|Glad to be of help. Have a great day.
Before you go--I'm a bit confused. Is the taxi picking me up at the college? At what time? I need to make my reservation at 13:45.|Yes, it's picking you up there and taking you to the restaurant in time for your reservation.
Okay, thanks. I'm all set. Goodbye!|You are welcome. Have a great day.
please find me a place to go in the centre|There are many places to go in the centre of town, what types of places do you want to visit?
What's the postcode for your favorite attraction?|My favorite attraction in the centre of town is The Man on the Moon. It's a concerthall. Their postcode is CB12LF. Would you like more information?
Thanks! I am looking forward to checking it out. Can you help me in finding a guesthouse to stay at for tonight?|There are 24 guesthouses available. Did you have any other criteria?
Yes, I would like it to be a 3 star place in a moderate price range.  Also, free wifi.|I found 3 guesthouses that meet your request; is there an area you prefer?
No preference, however, I do need a guesthouse for 8 people for 3 nights starting on Tuesday.  Once you have booked, please provide the reference number.  Thank you.|I suggest the bridge guest house and I can make a reservation right now for you. What are your dates?
8 people and 3 nights starting from tuesday.|Reference number is : JOYGNDZ0. What else may I do for you?
Thanks I also need a taxi that will leave The Man on the Moon by 07:00|Ok great, and where will you need to go?
To Bridge Guest House please.|Booking completed 
Booked car type	:	white tesla
Contact number	:	07099497147
that is it. have a great day|you are welcome
I'm finished now. Thank you.|You're welcom. good bye.
I need to find a place to stay in the south, it does not matter if parking is included or not.|I have 4 places in the south, ranging from cheap to expensive. Do you have a preference?
I would like cheap with a 4 star rating please.|I did find one place that meets your needs. It's Rosa's Bed and Breakfast. Its a wonderful guesthouse. They offer both free parking and internet. Can I help you book?
Could I just have the phone number and address?|The address for Rosa's Bed and Breakfast is 53 Roseford Road. The phone number is 01223512596.
Thanks! I actually would like a room, please. We'll arrive on Monday and stay 4 nights. There will be 4 of us.|Booking was successful.
Reference number is : C9Z8AVU3. Can I help you with anything else?
I also wanted to find a theatre in the same area the hotel is in.|The Junction Theatre is located in the South near your hotel. Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
Yes, may I have both the address and postcode for The Junction Theatre?|The address is clifton way. The phone is 01223511511. How else can I help you?
I'd like a taxi please to pick me up at The Junction at 06:45 and then take me to Rosa's. Give me the car type and contact number|A white bmw has been booked. Call them at 07945579886 if anything comes up. Do you need anything else?
That is all I need, thank you.|I am so glad that you asked us, have a great day. Good-bye!
I want to find information on a restaurant called Wagamama.|Oh good choice.  Wagamama is an expensive japanese restaurant that is located in the centre area.  Would you like me to reserve you a table?
Sure I would like that, it'll be fore 2 people at 18:00 on tuesday.|I was able to book at table for 2 on Tuesday at 18:00. Your Reference number is : ZZAA5FY2. Can I assist you with anything else?
Yes I also want to find a mutliple sports attraction in the town centre.|I'm sorry. We don't have any results. Would you like to try a different attraction type or area?
How about a museum?|How about the castle galleries?
Yes, that sounds great.  Can you give me the address please.|The address for Castle Galleries is unit su43, grande arcade, saint andrews street. Is there any other information you need?
No, that will be all. Thank you!|Your welcome.  Have a great day!
Hi! Could you help me find a museum to go in town?|There are many but may I suggest the Cambridge Contemporary Art Museum?
Sure. What is the postcode and phone number, please?|Their postcode is cb21su and phone number is 01223324222. What else can I help you with?
That's it. Thanks!|Okay thank you for calling.
I will be visiting Cambridge soon and can't wait to see some of your local attractions. I do need your help with some information.|Of course. We have so many attractions! What part of town will you be in?
I need a 4 star room in the centre please.|I have two options. Would you prefer a hotel or a guesthouse?
A hotel in the moderate price range. Thank you!|Unfortunately, I am not seeing any 4 star hotels that are moderately priced in the centre. We could try a cheaper hotel or a guesthouse?
How about in the cheap price range?|I'm sorry, but there are no cheap hotels in the center of town, either. The only cheap hotel is on the west side.
Nevermind.  Do you have info on gallery at twelve a high street.|Sure do. Their address is fulbourn, postcode cb15dh. Phone number is 01223295264, and entrance is free. It's a museum on the Eastside.
Thank you very much for your help, have a nice day.|Thank you, enjoy your stay in cambridge.
I need a train leaving Thursday after 17:45.|Could you give me a little more information? Where will you be traveling to and from?
To Cambridge, from Stansted Airport.|The first train leaving Stansted Airport after 17:45 leaves at 18:24.  You'd arrive in cambridge by 18:52.  Would you like me to book a seat on this train?
Yes please, what is the Train ID and price?|The train ID is TR5433 and the cost is 10.10 GBP per ticket.  Would you like me to book this trip for you?
That won't be necessary but thanks anyway. Although, I could use some help finding an attraction in the centre of town.|There are many attractions. Churches, cinemas, colleges, and art gallery's. Do any of those sound appealing?
Can you give me a few samples?  I'll need the entrance fee, too.|All Saints Church is free to get in as is Holy Trinity Church. Would you like more information?
Yes. Postcode, phone number and entrance fee's if any of All Saints Church.|Their phone number is 01223452587.  There is no entrance fee.  Is there anything else that i can help you with?
Yes, I still need the postcode for All Saints Church.|Sorry about that. The postal code is cb58bs.
Thanks so much for your help today, that was everything I needed.|You are welcome.  Enjoy your stay in Cambridge.  Bye.
Hello I would like some sort of entertainment in town.|There are 5 entertainment attractions in town. Do you need to travel to a specific area of Cambridge?
Any area is fine, could you give me the address and entrance fee for a place you recommend?|I recommend the funky fun house it's located at 8 mercers row, mercers row industrial estate. The entrance fee is not in my database.
Thank you for that information. I'd also like to dine at a moderately priced restaurant that serves Lebanese food please.|I have one listing for ali baba. Would you like to make a booking?
not now. is it in the centre?|yes, it is in the centre.
Can I have the postcode and address please?|The postcode is cb21nt and the address is 59 Hills Road City Centre.
Thank you for the info that was all I needed.|Thank you for using our system today!
I would like to stay in a 4 star rated guesthouse.|There are quite a few options.  Do you have a preferred price range and location?
I'm not concerned with price, but we really would like to stay on the south end of the city if possible.|I found two guest houses matching your request.  Would you like to try the Aylesbray Lodge Gest House located at 5 Mowbray road?
Do they have internet?|Yes both of those guesthouses have internet. Should I make a reservation?
Yeah, maybe...but first, can you give me some ideas of places to go? I'm interested in some nightclubs in the centre.|I would like to suggest the ballare. Do you need any information on it?
Yes! Can I have the phone number and entrance fee please?|Absolutely!  The entrance fee is 5 pounds and the phone number is 01223364222.
Thanks! That's all I needed.|You're most welcome. Enjoy!
Hi there, can you help me with some upcoming plans?  I am looking for places to go.|Yes, there are many attractions what kind of places are you interested in?
I'm looking for a nightclub.|There 6 nightclubs in town. There are 5 in the centre and one in the south.  Do you have a preference in area?
Not really. Let me have the postcode for the one in the south then.|The postcode for The Place is cb23hg.
Is there an entrance fee?|Theres is a 10lb entra=nce fee, do you want me to book it for you ?
Hello, I need to find a cheap hotel that has free parking in Cambridge|We have a ton of those! Are you interested in a particular area of town?
I don't care about a particular area, but I would like a guesthouse.|There are 9 different guesthouses that fit that criteria. What area of the city would you like to stay in?
Can you pick one you know is a good place to stay and book it for 7 people staying 4 nights starting Monday?|You're all set at the alexander bed and breakfast. Your reference number is 5X64UYIN. Anything else I can do for you?
Is there any good attractions in the south, you'd recommend?|There are 8 choices, any preference for type?
Do you happen to have any colleges to visit?|Not in the south, I'm afraid. Would you like a different type of attraction?
Yes, I would. Perhaps a theatre or cinema?|Yes, I have found Cineworld Cinema that is in the south area. Their address is cambridge leisure park, clifton way. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Can I get their entrance fee, as well?|we don't have that information available.
I'm looking for something to do in Cambridge. I'm interested in architecture, is there any interesting buildings around the city centre?|I think I can help you with that. There are several historic colleges and churches to see. Many offer free admission.
I'd like to take a look at some of the older churches, what are some of the entrance fees for those?|The churches are free.
Please give me their phone number. I also need a restaurant that serves North American food|Here are the numbers for 2 churches, all saints church(01223452587), holy trinity church(01223355397). There are three more if needed. A good restaurant is gourmet burger kitchen.
Thank you goodbye|Thank you for using our services!
Oh, wait! If the Gourmet Burger Kitchen is in the same area as the churches, could I get the phone number for that, too?|Certainly! The phone number is: 01223312598 Is there anything else we can assist with today?
Yes may i please have the address  to Gourmet Burger Kitchen and can you book reservations for 2 for 13:00|The address is Regent Street City Centre. What day you would like the reservation to be?
I'm sorry, I'm really distracted on this end. Can you tell me the postcode of the Gourmet Burger Kitchen? And what are their prices like?|It is expensive. The postcode is cb21ab.
Ok, that's great. Thank you.|Will you still need a reservation, or are you all set?
No, I'm good. Thanks for all your help!|Thank you for contacting Cambridge TownInfo centre. Goodbye!
Yes, hello. I need a train departing from cambridge and should go to stansted airport.|Sure thing, what day will you be leaving?
I will be leaving on Sunday|TR5529 leaves at 5:40 and arrives at 6:08, will this work for you?
Yes, I need a booking for 7 people and the reference number.|The total is 56.56 GBP and can be paid at the station. the reference number is Y1MGNCV3
Hello, I'm looking for a hotel to stay in during my visit to Cambridge. I'm looking for a cheap room and the only amenity I care about is free wifi.|The Allenbell guesthouse is fairly new and is located on the east side of town.  Can I book a room for you?
Yes please book it for this weelkend|Will you be arriving at the hotel on Friday? How many days and how many people are in your party?
Actually, I just realized the Allenbell won't work as it is in the east. I need a gueshouse that is located in the centre. Do you have anything in that area?|I am sorry I have no guesthouses in the centre.
well that all I need thank you|Are you sure you don't need assistance in finding a hotel? I have many options to consider!
You can just end the convo. It's an option. You don't have to keep going read the directions. Makes it hard for other workers|If that is all you need today then have a good day. Goodbye.
Can you suggest somewhere around here where I can see multiple sports and is in the centre?|I'm sorry.  I was unable to find anything that matched that criteria.  Can I help you with something else?
Yes, can you please see if there are any types of colleges located in the centre?|Yes there are five colleges in centre.  Four are free to get into, one is 2 pounds.
Could you give me the address for the one that is 2 pounds.|That address is king's parade.
I need a train out of Cambridge as well. I need to leave on Friday.|What is your destination?
I want to go to Peterborough.|There are several available. Do you have a preference on time?
I would like to leave after 09:00.|What time would you like to arrive by?
i dont mind as long as we leave after 09:00|I have a train here that is leaving from Cambridge on Friday at 09:06 and arrives at 09:56. Would this be good for you?
Yes. That's perfect. I need 4 tickets please|Your reservation for 4 tickets on the TR3071 train was successful, the total fee is 66 GBP payable at the station. Your Reference number is : NZFZ3VHB.
Ok. Thanks.  I am all set.|I'm glad I could be of assistance. Have a great day!
I'm traveling to Cambridge and I'm excited about tourist attractions.  Can you find me some boating attractions in the North?|Riverboat georgina is in the north. What information would you like?
Could I please have the entrance fee, phone number and address?|The address is Cambridge Passenger Cruisers, Jubilee House post code cb43ax. The entrance fee is not stated.The phone number is 01223902091.  Can I help you with anything else?
I'm also looking for a place to stay. Can you recommend a guesthouse in the East?|The A and B guest house matches your preferences. Would you like me to book a room?
Does the A and B offer free parking?|Sorry, no there is no free parking. Can I look for another?
Yes please. I need a guesthouse in the east that includes free parking.|I have 5 guesthouses in the east with free parking. Three are cheap and two are moderate. Do you have a preference?
no i dont have any other than the free parking|I think the Allenbell guesthouse would meet your needs.  Would you like me to book a room for you?
What is the star rating for the Allenbell, and do they have internet?|The Allenbell has a 4 star rating and offers free internet and parking.  Would you like me to book this for you?
What is the postcode for the Allenbell?|They are in postcode cb13js. Can I help with anything else today?
That's everything I needed, thank you!|You are very welcome! Enjoy your stay!
Sure. I am looking for a restaurant near the centre of Cambridge.|What type of food are you looking for?
I am looking for Eastern European food.|I'm sorry, there aren't any Eastern European eateries in the centre. Can I check another part of town for you, or look for a different type of cuisine?
Thai food sounds good.  Could you check for a restaurant again in the centre of Cambridge?|Bangkok City is an expensive thai place in the centre of town, would you like more info or a booking?
yes, i'd like the phone number please.|The phone number is 01223354382. Can I help you with anything else today?
Yes, I'm also looking for a place called The Man on the Moon?|I found that attraction it is located at 2 norfolk street.  The phone number is 01223474144.
What is the postcode and entrance fee?|The postcode is CB12IF and the entrance fee is unknown. Their phone number is 01223474144 if you would like to call them to find out.
Also, I want a taxi to commute between the two places.|Sure, I can help you with that. Do you want to get picked up at Bangkok City or from The Man on the Moon?
I want to get picked up from the attraction by 23:45 and taken to the restaurant. Please make the taxi booking and give me the relevant info|I have your taxi booked. It will be a red lexus and your contact number is 07308367931. Is there anything else I may assist you with?
I need an expensive restaurant with Eastern European food|Sorry don't have any eastern european restaurants.
Thanks for the help, that is all for today.|Is there another price range or different cuisine you might like information on?
I have reservations Bangkok City restaurant but forgot to get the address and postcode.|The address and postcode are 24 Green Street City Centre, CB23JX. Can I assist you any further today?
Thank you, that is all.|Have a wonderful time.
I am looking for a guesthouse to stay in. It should have 0 stars.|Okay, and what area will you be staying in?
Not important, as long as long as it has wifi|I could recommend the El Shaddai.  It is a guesthouse in the centre of the city and it has internet.
I would like to book it for 7 people for Two nights, starting wednesday.|OKay, would you like me to send you a reference number?
Yes, please give me the reference number.|Booking was successful.
Reference number is : GJPMZK85
Can you also provide the address an attraction in the town centre?|There are many, many attractions to choose from in this area. Do you have something specific you'd like to see? Architecture? Museum? Park?
Will you recommend a college in the centre of town?|Christi's college is in that area and has free admission.
That sounds perfect. Can you give me their address, please?|Sure,  Christ's College is located at saint andrew's street. Is there any more info you need today?
Thanks, I'm all set. Bye!|Thank you for allowing me to help you. Have a great day.
i want information about sesame restaurant and bar.|Sesame restaurant and bar is located in the centre at 17 Hills Road.
Thanks.  That's what I needed.|Is there anything else you need today?
Yes, I'd like to find a theatre near centre, too.|The ADC Theatre is located in the center. The address is Park Street.
Can I also get their phone number and postcode?|Of course. The postcode is cb58as. The phone number is 01223300085. Can I help you with anything else today?
Need a taxi from the restaurant to the theater, I want to leave the restaurant by 06:15|Okay. I booked you a red skoda and the driver can be reached at 07744304667. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No thank you. That is all that I needed.|No problem, have a great day.
I am looking for a hotel in the moderate price range.|I have three hotels with moderate price range there is the ashley hotel in north, cityroomz located in centre, and lovell lodge located in north.
Do any of those have a star of 2?|Yes, both Ashley Hotel and Lovell Lodge have two stars. They also both offer free internet and parking.
May I have the phone numbers for those hotels?|Sure the number for the Ashley is  	01223350059 and Lovell's number is 01223425478. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes. I am also looking for somewhere to go that would be in the same area as the hotel.|we have two swimming pools, a boat, and a park. do you have a preference in which type of attraction you'd like?
I think I'll try the park.  Where is it?|The address we have listed is simply Milton.  Do you need a phone number?
Yes please and a postcode.|The phone is 01223420060 with a post code of cb46az.
Great, I think that'll be all. Thanks a lot for your help!|Thank you, and have a great day!
Can't wait to come party at one of your nightclubs in town.|There are 5 nightclubs in the centre and one in the south. Would you like more information on one of them?
Pick a good one for me. I need the phone number and postcode for it too.|Yes sir!  Soul tree nightclub is a good one. they are at 8 market passage, postal is cb23hx and phone number is 01223519224, is there anything else that I can assist with?
Can you give me information on a restaurant called Sala Thong?|Sala Thong is an expensive Thai place in the west. They're located at 35 Newnham Road, cb39ey.
Thanks, that is all for today. Goodbye.|You're welcome, have a good day.
Hello, please find me a museum in the center of town.|There are eleven to choose from. Would you like an art museum or another kind of museum?
find me the address ,phone number and fee for an art museum in the center of town.|Primavera is located at 10 Kings Parade.  The phone number is 01223357708.  The admission is free.  Is there anything else I can find for you?
Thanks, yes please. I'm also looking for some 3-star lodgings that offer complimentary parking.|I have places that meet those requirements all over town, except in the east. If price is not an issue, I recommend the Gonville Hotel in the center.
The Gonville Hotel sounds good. As long as it is close to the attraction.|What type of attraction?
I am interested in a museum.|well then the castle galleries is the place to go.
Oh, no, I am happy with Primavera, thanks.  I just need that reservation at Gonville.  5 nights on Friday for 1 person please.|I have reserved 5 days at Gonville hotel beginning Friday.  Your reference number is KS5S2XSF.
Just need a taxi from gonville to the primavera, I want to leave by 15:45|Booking completed!  Booked car type: yellow volkswagen.  Contact number: 07294843257.  Is there anything else I can help you with?
Actually, I'm all taken care of. Thanks. Goodbye.|You're welcome! goodbye
I am planning a trip to Cambridge I want more information on the primavera , do I need tickets or make seating arrangements|The Primavera museum is located in the centre area at 10 King S Parade. No need to purchase tickets as entrance is free. May I assist you with anything else?
Can I also get postcode?|The postcode is cb21sj. Anything else I can do for you?
Yes. I would like to find a train to Cambridge that leaves after 14:00.|There are 735 trains heading to cambridge what is your departure site?
Stansted airport. Can I make that for thursday, too?|The earliest train is TR5502 and leaves at 15:17. Would you like me to book a ticket?
I would like to know the price please.|The price is 23.60 pounds. Would you like to book now?
That's okay I don't need to book today but I think you would have solved all my questions|Have a great day. Please contact us again if you need additional information or would like to make that booking.
Hi there, I'm looking for any information that you have on a place named Mumford Theatre.|Mumford theatre is in the centre of town their number is 08451962320, their postcode is cb11pt, and their address is anglia ruskin enterprise, east road
Do you need any more information on the theatre?|I'm sorry, I don't understand your request.
Never mind. Can you tell me if there are trains to there from cambridge arriving by 20:15?|Are you wanting taxi service to the theater. I'n not sure I understand your request.
No. I need a train that goes to Stansted Airport please.|There are many trains available. What day and time do you want to leave?
I need to leave on Monday. I don't care about the departure time.|There is a train from Cambridge to Stansted every hour on the :40 on Monday. The closest arrival to 20:15 is the 11:40, arriving at 12:08.
Thank you. Could I get the ID of the 11:40 train? Also, is the travel time 35 minutes?|Sure. the train ID is TR1552 and the travel time is 28 minutes. Anything else I can help you with?
That will be all. Thank you.|You're welcome. Good-bye.
Can you help me find a place to go on the east side of town where I can enjoy multiple sports? Thanks.|There is the cherry hinton village centre. Would you like me to making a reservation for you?
No thanks, I'd like to call them first.  Can you give me the address, phone number and entry fee for Cherry hinton village centre?|Their phone number is 01223576412 and the postcode cb19ej. They are located at Colville Road, Cherry Hinton.
looking for a train. The train should go to london liverpool street and should leave on saturday|Where will you leave from?
I am leaving from Cambridge.|how about train TR4078 that leaves at 13:39?
When will it arrive? I need it to arrive by 19:30.|how about the TR8530? that train arrives at 19:07
That will work, go ahead and book that.|For how many people?
I don't need need reservations I just need a price and train ID.|The train ID is TR8530 and the price is	13.28 pounds.
ok thats it thank you.|Thank you for letting us help you today.
A friend of mine mentioned this attraction called The Place. Can you give me some information about it?|Yes, it is a nightclub in the south. Would you like the phone number?
Yes. Phone number and address|The Place is located at 22 Sidney Street, postcode cb23hg, and their phone number is 01223324600. Can I help you with anything else today?
I am also looking for a place to stay in the east in the expensive price range.|I have one listing for express by holiday inn cambridge, is that okay for you?
That works fine.|Alright. They're at 01223866800 at the property is on 15-17 norman way, coldhams business park. Would you like a reservation?
What's the star rating? I want to stay at a 4 star place.|The Express by Holiday Inn Cambridge is only 2 stars.  Unfortunately, there are no 4 star places to stay in the east in the expensive price range.
Let's try for moderate price range, four stars please.|I have three moderate price, 4 star guesthouses in the east.  May I suggest Warkworth House?  It's located at Warkworth Terrace.
Does the guesthouse have internet?|Yes it does have internet.
Okay.  That is all I needed to know.  Thanks.|Before I let you go, is a booking needed, or are there any other services like a taxi that I can help with?
No thank you I do not need anything else today.|OK, great. Please call again if there is anything else we can assist you with. Have a great day. Goodbye!
I am looking for a train to Cambridge leaving by 13:45|There are many trains relevant to your search. Please tell me where you are departing from.
I need to leave from Peterborough on Sunday.|Okay I can book you a trip on train TR5662, leaving at 07:19 and arriving by 08:09. How many tickets would you like?
I need to book the train for 7 people. Are you able to do that for me and provide me with a reference number please?|Your booking was successful and your reference number is JA1FRX8K. Anything else I can help you with today?
I'm also looking for this place called Castle Galleries?|Castle Galleries is a museum at unit su43, grande arcade, saint andrews street. Is there anything else you'd like to know about it?
I need the post code please.|The postcode is cb23bj.
Thanks, that is all the information I need. Have a great day.|Thank you and have a great day!
Ok, thanks for all your help regarding my requests.|No problem, enjoy your trip. :)
Hi I'm looking to look at boats. Can you look at centre of town?|The Cambridge Punter is a boat located in the centre at 251a Chesterton Road.
I think that sounds interesting. Can you tell me their postcode?|The postal code for The Cambridge Punter is cb41as. Is that all you needed help with today?
Actually I could use some help finding an italian restaurant in the centre of town.|We have 9 Italian restaurants in the Centre, do you have a particular price range you are looking for?
It is a special occasion so it can be expensive!|stazione restaurant and coffee bar is a very popular expensive Italian restaurant in the Centre.  It is located on Market Hill City Centre.
That sounds good. Can I get a table for 5 this Monday at 18:30? I also need a reference number.|I made that reservation for you the reference number is 24H41KYZ.
Thank you! I will also need a taxi for going to and from those places.|Can you tell me what time you prefer to leave by or arrive by?
I need to get to the restaurant by 18:30|Booking completed. The booked car type is a yellow lexus and the contact number is 07892783917.
Thank you, that's all I need.|Glad to be of help. Have a wonderful morning. Goodbye.
I am looking for somewhere to go in the east.|There's a boat dock, museums, or some entertainment venues in the east. Do any of those sound interesting?
My bad, I meant the west.|There are some great colleges in the west.  Or perhaps the Museum of Classical Archeology?
What is the address?|They are located on Sidgwick Avenue and they have free entrance. Anything else I can help you with today?
Thanks so much. What type of attraction are they?|They are museums.
I need a train going to bishops stortford leaving after 16:15. I need eight tickets and the reference number please.|Where will you be leaving from?
I will be coming from Cambridge.|What day would you like to travel?
I would like to travel on friday.|Okay your train reference number is YXCN2XHO. Is there anything else you need?
No that's all for today, thank you.|Have a very nice day and thank you for calling.
Hi, can you suggest some attractions I could visit in Cambridge?|Absolutely. We have plenty of options. Looking for a place in particular?
Can you look for something in the east?|There are museums, a park, a pool, multiple sports, entertainment venues, and a boat. Do any of these sound fun? Personally, I think the boat is a lot of fun.
Are they all located in the east? If so, I would like more information on the boat!|Camboats is in the east and there is no entrance fee listed. May I help you with anything else?
I'm looking to book a train to kings cross on wednesday to cambridge.|what time were you wanting to leave by or arrive by?
I want to arrive by 12:15.|I have train TR2417 that is departing at 11:17 and arrives by 12:08. Would that work for you?
That would be great, could you book it for 7 people?|Absolutely! I've booked 7 tickets for a total of 165.2 GBP payable at the station. Reference number: 9G3E2JDS. Can I help you with anything else?
Yes, actually.  I just need the phone number and postcode for the attraction you told me about, Camboats.|The phone number to Camboats is 01223902112 and the postcode is cb58sx.
Thank you very much. That will be all.|You're very welcome, have a great day!
i need a place to stay|Is there a certain area in town you would like to stay?
no area but I need moderate prices and wifi.|Okay! There are 17 places to stay. Would you like to stay in a guesthouse, or in a hotel?
get me a 4 star hotel and whether they have free parking  and give me their phone number|Okay the telephone number of the Acorn House is 01223353888.
Great! Thank you for your help.|Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes I am looking for entertainment venues in the city center.|I'm sorry there's no entertainment in the centre.
Is there some sort of concert hall in the centre?|Yes, The Man on The Moon. Would you like more info on it?
I would need phone number, entrance fee, and address|The phone number is 01223474144. The entrance fee is not listed and the address is 2 norfolk street. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No thank you, that will be all for now.|Thank you for calling. Please call again if we can help with anything else. Have a great day! Goodbye.
I'm looking for a restaurant that's on the pricier end, I want to impress some people. Is there something you'd recommend?|The Bedouin is unusual and expensive. Cote offers the more standard, but elegant French cuisine. Is location a concern?
want to book a table for 8 people at 17:00 on wednesday and I need a reference number|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Reference number: PLFTP5GS.
I'm also looking for an attraction near the restaurant. Do you recommend anything?|There are many attractions in that area. Do you want something that is free to the public?
That would be perfect. What do you recommend?|Williams art and antiques is free to the public.  Located in the centre and it is a museum.
Great, thanks! Is there a restaurant nearby?|You have already been booked at a nearby African restaurant, Bedouin, on Wednesday at 17:00. Are you interested in an additional restaurant?
No thank you. But could you please get me the phone number and postcode for Williams art and antiques?|Of course! Williams Art and Antiques is located in the city centre, postcode cb12lj. You can reach them at 01223311687. Can I help you with anything else?
No thank you that will be all|It was a pleasure serving you, goodbye!
I need a train that gets me into Cambridge by 21:30|sure, what day are you traveling?
I'm leaving on Saturday. I am coming from London Kings Cross.|The TR7223 arrives in Cambridge at 20:08. Will that suit you?
Yes, could you book me tickets for 7 people on that train?|Absolutely! Go ahead and pay 132.16 GBP at the station for the 7 tickets. Would you like your reference number?
Can you recommend a cinema in the east?|There are no cinemas in the east. Can I help find something else?
Actually, yes, I do need that reference number on that train.  And, maybe you could find a museum instead of a cinema?|reference number is K13L3ILC.
What about a museum? Are there any of those in the east? If so, please give me some additional information including the entrance fee.|There are 4, I would recommend Cambridge Artworks 5 Greens Road, postcode cb13ef, number 01223902168. There is no entrance fee. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Thank you.  You have covered everything.|thank you for using our system. have a good day.
Hello, I need to take a train to Stansted airport, arriving by 20:30.|The TR7213 gets you there at 06:08.  Need a ticket?
Maybe.  I need to leave Cambridge on Friday.  Will that train work?|I recommend TR1110. It will arrive in Cambridge at 20:08 on Friday. I can book passage for you if you let me know how many tickets you need.
What is the cost per ticket?|The price for that ticket is 10.10 pounds. Would you like me to book it for you?
No. Are there any swimming pools on the east side of town?|Yes there is the abbey pool and astroturf pitch would you like their address?
Yes.  May I have the address and postcode for the Abbey Pool please?|Yes, of course. They are located at Pool Way, Whitehill Road, off NewMarket Road. Their postcode is cb58nt. Is there anything else I can do for today?
No, that is all I need. Thank you for your help.|I am happy to help you with the booking, enjoy.
Thanks!  I appreciate your help. Bye.|It's my pleasure. Thank you for using Cambridge TownInfo centre. Goodbye.
I am planning a visit to Cambridge soon and want to visit a specific attraction people are talking about. Have you heard of the funky fun house?|Yes I have.  It is an entertainment venue in the east area, would you like more information on them?
Can you give me their phone number please?|That number is 01223304705.
Thanks. I also need a place to stay.  I would like a hotel with a 4 star rating.|Certainly, would you like a cheap hotel? Or expensive?
I don't care about the price point.  But, I do want it to be on the west side of town.|I recommend the Cambridge Belfry. It's a cheap hotel on the west side. Would you like me to book you a room?
Yes please, I need to book it for 3 nights for 5 people starting Sunday.|Booking was unsuccessful. May I try another day or a shorter stay?
How about two nights?|Booking was successful.
Reference number is : VHKR1UH7.
Perfect. Thank you so much. That is everything I needed.|You are welcome.  Enjoy your stay.  Bye.
Could you give me some places to go in Cambridge?|We have some great museums in Cambridge as well as great restaurants, nightclub's, multiple sports and cinema's. Do you have anything particular in mind?
I am looking for an attraction in the centre.|Are you more interested by architecture, boats, cinemas, colleges,  concerthalls, museums, nightclubs, parks, swimmingpools, or theatres?
I'm not really sure, you can surprise me with something you think would be fun. I just would need the postcode please.|How about all saints church? The postcode is cb58bs.
That'll work just fine. I'm also looking to book a train.|There are over 2,800 trains - I will need some more information to narrow down your search.  Let's start with your destination please.
Of course, I would like to travel to Cambridge on Sunday.|Departure location? And do you have a preferred departure or arrival time?
Leaving from Ely, sometime after 08:30 please.|There are 8 trains available. Do you have an arrival time in mind?
I do not have one in mind, no.|There is a train leaving from Ely at 09:35 and arriving in Cambridge at 09:52. How does that sound?
That would be great. Can you get me 8 tickets on that train, and give me the reference number?|I have booked your order, your total is 28.16
May I have the reference number please?|My fault! It's T3AWW926. Can I help you with anything else?
No, that seems to be everything today. Thank you.|Thank you for using our service.  Have a wonderful day!
I need a restaurant. The restaurant should serve indian food and should be in the expensive price range.|There are 14 expensive indian restaurants in the city. Do you have a preference of location?
Yes.East-Side London.|Pipasha Restaurant fits all of your criteria. Would you like to book a stay?
Please book for 4 people at 17:00 on Sunday|Your table for 4 has been booked.  The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.  Your reference number is 8OZ8ZF5G. Do you need anything else?
I am also interested in attractions in the centre.  Specifically, I am interested in multiple sports facilities|I have none available in the centre. Would you like a different area or attraction?
How about an attraction that has to do with boats?|The Cambridge Punter looks like a good choice. Want more information?
Yes, can I get the phone number?|The phone number to the cambridge punter is 07807718591. Do you require assistance with anything else.
Yes, I'd like a taxi to take me to Pipasha Restaurant and then to Cambridge Punter.  I'd like to arrive at Pipasha Restaurant by 17:00.|I just need to know where you will be departing from at first to the restaurant.
I will be departing from my house.|What is the address of your house so I can book the taxi?
Actually I'll be at the Cambridge Punter, pick me up there.|No problem. Your taxi is booked. The car is a red tesla and the contact number is 07610839736. Anything else I can help you with?
Thank you for all your help.|You're very welcome!  Is there anything else that I can help you with today?
That is all I will need.  Thank you for your help!|You are welcome. Please call us back if we can help you any further.
I want to find an expensive hotel with a star of 4.|I show two hotels meeting your criteria.  the huntingdon marriott hotel and university arms hotel.  shall i book one of these for you?
Are either of those located in the west and include free parking?|The huntingdon marriott hotel is in the west and does indeed have free parking.
Could you book that for me? I'll need it friday for 2 nights.|Your booking was unsuccessful. Would you like to book for a shorter stay?
Try just 1 night, then.|I was able to book one night, reference number is PHX8BZ7N.
I am also looking for a place to go in the same area.|Sure!  If you like museums, I would recommend people's portraits exhibition at girton college.  Does this sound good or are you thinking of something else?
I think that's good, give me the address and postcode.|It's located on girton college, huntingdon road and the phone number is 01223338901
Alright then, I'm going to need a taxi to get the two places. Can you hook me up with one?|Yes, I can help.  Can you tell me where your departure location is and a time frame you were considering?
I would like to leave Girton College by 06:00 and arrive at the huntingdon marriott hotel.|Booking completed!
Booked car type	:	white skoda
Contact number	:	07702130811
I need a train that leaves cambridge on monday after 09:15|Where will you be going?
I will be going to ely.|TR8399 leaves Cambridge at 09:50 and arrives by 10:07, does this suit your needs?
Yes, that will be sufficient.|Would you like me to book this for you?
Yes, please book it for me.|I will work on that now and be back with you in a moment.
On second thought, a booking will not be necessary now.  The train ID you supplied is sufficient. I am looking for places to go while I'm in town.|No problem.  What type of attraction are you interested in?  There is lots to do here.
It doesn't matter what type, you pick!|all saints church is located in the town centre. its very popular this time of year. wou.d this work for you?
Yes that sounds like a great place to visit.|Anything else you need?
I need the post code and attraction type of all saints church please.|The attraction type for All Saint's is architecture and the postcode is cb58bs. Is there anything else I can help you with?
That's all I need today.  Thanks!|You're welcome. Have a great day.
I'm looking for a local restaurant to try in Cambridge.|There are many! Is there a certain style of cuisine you are looking for, or a specific price range?
I think I can find a restaurant on my own, but can you tell me if there are any museums?|I have found 23 differnt museums in town. What part of town are you wanting to travel to?
I have no preference. Can you please provide me with the address, postcode, and area on one?|The Fitzwilliam Museum, in the centre, has free admission. Trumpington St, cb21rb.
Yes, that sounds lovely. Thank you.|You're welcome. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, on second thought I would like help finding a restaurant. What do you know about north american cuisine restaurants?|There is one expensive North American restaurant in the centre of town. It is called the Gourmet Burger Kitchen.
Excellent. What's the address and area there?|gourmet burger kitchen, in the centre is located at Regent Street City Centre
I need to book a taxi to commute between the museum and the restaurant, leaving the museum by 14:30.|Ok great.  Your taxi booking has been completed.  The care type will be a white tesla.  Would you like the contact number?
Yes, please. That would be great.|The number is 07555434856, is there anything else I can do for you?
No, that should be good, thank you.|Thank you for contacting the Cambridge TownInfo centre, have a great day!
i am looking for a place to stay. The hotel should include free parking and should have a star of 4.|Do you have a part of town you would prefer?
No, I don't. I just need free parking and 4 stars.|Okay, how about the Allenbell?  It's got 4 stars and free parking.
That sounds good. Give me it's details regarding type of gursthouse, price range , area and address|Allenbell is a cheap guesthouse on the east side of town. Its address is 517A Coldham Lane. Do you need any additional information?
Yes, could you tell me about your museums?|We have many fine museums in town. My favorite is the Cafe Jello Gallery in the west. It's free to get in!
could you give me the postcode and phone number.|The phone number for cafe jello gallery is 01223312112, the postcode is cb30af.  Is there anything else I can help you with?
That is all I need, thank you!|Thanks!  Have a great trip!
i need a place to stay that has free parking|Sure, what part of town do you like?
I need a guesthouse that includes free parking.  I'm needing one in the moderate price range.  I don't care what area you find for me.|There are quite a few options that meet your criteria. Would you prefer a hotel with 3 or 4 stars?
Any one of the 4 star ones will do. Can you choose one and make me a reservation please?|I can choose a place, I just need the number of people, day of the week and how many night you will be staying.
I will be alone.  I need to arrive on Monday for 2 nights.  Just someplace clean and I'll be happy :)|your reservation at carolina bed and breakfast for this monday for 3 days 2 nights for 1 person was successful. Your Reference number is : 3KKAFP7E.
Thanks! Can you also tell me about the nightclubs in town?|We have about 6 different nightclubs in town. The newest is supposedly really popular. It is called Club Salsa and it is located in the centre of town.
Great, how much is the entrance fee?|The entrance fee is 5 pounds.
Can you book a taxi that picks me up at Club Salsa at 05:30.|Okay, A taxi will meet you at Club Salsa at 5:30. It's a red Lexus and the contact number is 07245520750.
Thank you so much!|Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, I'm all set. Thanks!|I hope your stay is great.
Thank you!|you are welcome.
I'm looking for this particular hotel called carolina bed and breakfast|It's located in the east on 138 perne road, cb13nx. Would you like to book a room?
yes i would love to book for 2 nights 2 people starting from Saturday|Booking was successful. Reference number is : UQ6ZS49A
Thank you. Is there a museum close by that we could visit?|There are four on the East side. Cambridge Artworks, Cambridge Museum of Technology, Gallery at Twelve a High Street, and Saint Barnabas Press Gallery. Any of those sound good?
Can you give me the address of Cambridge Artworks?|It is located at 	5 greens road.  Is there anything else I can help with?
Yes I need a taxi to get between the two places please.|Sure, where would you like to depart from? Will you be needing the taxi on Saturday?
I'd like to leave from the hotel by 21:45, please.|I have your taxi booked. It is a black tesla and the contact number is 07357559847.
Thank you very much.|Is there anything else I can help you with?
No that seems to cover everything for me.  Thank you for all of your help.|You are quite welcome! Have a good one!
Is there a park I can visit in Cambridge?|What type of park are you looking for?
Any type, but I would like it to be in the south.|Ok.  How about wandlebury county park?
That sounds great! What's their address and postcode?|there address is wandlebury ring, gog magog hills, babraham, postcode cb223ae anytheing else?
I need somewhere to stay. Moderate in price, please. It doesn't need to include internet.|How about alpha-milton guest house?
I'm really looking for a hotel instead of a guest house.|Unfortunately there are not hotels that match your search criteria. What alternative do you have in mind?
How about a hotel with free WiFi?|we have 3 options where you can choose from
Any of the three would be fine. Can you book a room for Friday for 2 people, 5 nights please?|I've gone ahead and booked you at cityroomz in the centre, so you'll be close to a lot of attractions. Your Reference number is : SYEE88PA.
Thank you!  I'm also looking for assistance booking a taxi between the two places.  Can you help with that please?|I would be happy to assist with that. What is your pick-up point?
I'll need to be picked up at the wandlebury county park by 23:45. I'll be travelling to the hotel.|Your booking is complete, a white toyota will be picking you up.  The contact number is 07016487796.  Do you need anything else today?
That's it for today. Thanks for your help!|No problem. I'm glad I could help. Have a great trip. Goodbye.
i need somewhere to go.|There are so many great things to do in Cambridge. Let's narrow your search. Would you like to go to a restaurant, hotel, or attraction?
I am looking for a nice museum|I found some great museums. Can you specify on the types of museum you are looking for?
You may suggest one to me.|The  cambridge and county folk museum is in the west part of town etrance fee is 3.50 pounds
Are there any free attractions in the area?|Cafe jello gallery is in the west and has free admission. Is that better for you?
That sounds great. Can I get the phone number for it?|The phone number for cafe jello gallery is 01223312112.  Can I help you with anything else today?
Thanks. I also need a hotel in the south.|How about the bridge guest house located in the south area of town?
how many stars does it have?|It is rated 3 stars. Does that work for you?
I need something with 4 stars.|In that case I will suggest Aylesbray lodge guest house.
Yes, that will be fine. I will need a reservation starting on Wednesday.|How many days did you want the booking for? And for how many people?
I almost forgot, my husband would like for the hotel to have free wifi.  Does that hotel meet that criteria?|Yes, it does have free wifi. Would you like to continue with the reservation?
Yes please. 2 people for 5 nights beginning on Wednesday and I will need the reference number after booking is complete.|Okay, you're all set! The reference number is EK9KZ64S. Is there anything else that I can assist you with today?
Hello! I'm needing a place to stay in the center of town. Parking is not important to me. What do you have?|I have a moderately priced hotel called Cityroomz available. Can I help you book your stay?
No thanks, but can I just get some information about Cityroomz?|Cityroomz is a moderatly priced 0-star hotel in the centre. They offer internet and parking and are located on station road.
I would like to book 5 nights on sunday for 5.|You're all set. Your Reference number is : T9VLKXV5.
Sounds great- thanks for your help!|Have a great visit!
I need information on places to go and see.|There are 79 attractions, Do you have an idea of the type you're looking for?
Yes, I would like the type of college.  I will need the address and postcode please.|Can I recommend christ's college?
Yes could I have the address and postcode of the college please.|The address is saint andrew's street.
What is the postcode?|The postcode is cb23bu.  Can I help you find anything else today?
I'm also looking for a moderately priced guesthouse, one with a four star rating. If it doesn't have free parking, that's fine.|There are 11 guesthouses that fit your criteria.  Do you have a preference of north, south or east?
The area doesn't matter. I'll go with whatever guesthouse you recommend. Please make my reservation for 3 people, 5 nights, starting Thursday. Thanks.|I have you booked at archway house, the reference number is N8IRHQYO, any further questions?
Could you also get me a taxi between the two that leaves the hotel by 6:15?|the taxi is booked. it's going to be a yellow tesla. their phone number is 07606976296.
Thanks. I don't need anything else.|i am glad i have been of help. good day
Have a great one. Thanks again for your help. Goodbye.|Thank you, I'm glad I could be of help. Goodbye.
I'm looking for a restaurant that serves Indian food in the centre of town.|I can help you with that. What is your price range?
I am looking for Indian food in the cheap price range.|I have 3 cheap indian restaurants. Kohinoor, The Ghandi, and Mahal of Cambridge. Which can I tell you more about?
Please tell me about Kohinoor.  Provide the phone number, address, and postcode.|Sure. The Kohinoor Restaurant is located at 74 Mill Road. The postcode is cb12as, and the phone number is 01223323639.
Thanks. I am also looking for places to go in town, any suggestions? I'd like something of multiple sports in the centre like the restaurant.|I regret to inform you: there are sports attractions nearby of any kind, sorry.
Are there any museums nearby?|Primavera is a very popular place. Would you like more information?
If that is a museum, then yes. Please tell me the entrance fee there.|There is no entrance fee for the Primavera and their phone number is 01223357708
Thanks, I won't need any further help today. Take care!|You are most welcome, have a wonderful day!
Can you find information about nightclubs?|Yes, would you like to find a nightclub in the centre or south part of town? Most of them are in the centre.
Location doesn't really matter.  Is there an entrance fee?|Yes, all of the listed entrance fees are 5 pounds.  The Club Salsa is nice.
Club Salsa sounds right up my alley. Can I get the address and phone number please?|Club Salsa's address is 1 Station road and their phone number is 07782218745.
Okay, great! Thanks for your help!|You're welcome. Can I help you with anything else?
No thanks. That's it.|Have fun! Goodbye!
Please find me a place to dine that's expensive and in the centre.|Fitzbillies restaurant is expensive in the centre of town. Would you like to try that?
I am looking for Thai food.|we have bankok city. it is located in 24 green street centre. can i give you the phone number?
Ok great. Can you reserve a table there for Thursday for 5 people at 15:00 please?|it was successful. Reference number is : AKNPF1IH.
Thank you for your help.|Your very welcome. Can I help you with anything else today?
Yes a hotel please.|Okay.  I can help you with that.  Can you help me narrow the options down by providing preferences such as area, price range, and type?
You know what? I don't need a hotel after all. I heard something about an attraction called ballare, could you give me some information about it?|Ballare is a nightclub located in the centre area. the phone is 01223364222 and the entrance fee is 5 pounds. Can I help you with anything else?
That is everything. Thank you so much for your help.|You're welcome! Is there anything else I can help you with today - transportation perhaps, or other attractions?
That is all I need.|Thanks for using the Cambridge booking service and have a great day.
i need a place to stay.|What area would you like to stay?
We live in the north so something close by.|Okay! Would you like to stay in a hotel, or a guesthouse?
I would like to stay in a guesthouse that has free parking.|There are several 4 star options as well as a 3 star and also a 0 star option. Do you have a preference?
Whatever is available, please book me for 3 people on 4 night starting monday.|I need more information on your price range.
I would like to stay in the moderate price range.|I have found 7 guesthouses that meet your specifications and are in the moderate price range. Would you like me to make a recommendation?
Sure, coud you find one in the north?|Yes, I  found 5 guesthouses they have moderate price range, free parking,  4 stars and 3 stars.Which one will you prefer?
Could you please recommend one?|Okay, I recommend the Acorn Guest House.
Ok great. I need a room for 3 people and 4 nights starting from Monday.|Booking was successful. Reference number is : FTFRIGTY. Can I help with anything else?
Yes! I'm also looking for a nightclub in town|What area would you like it to be in?
It does not matter but I would need the entrance fee|I'd recommend Club Salsa. It's in the centre and the entrance fee is 5 pounds. Can I help with anything else?
Yes I need a taxi leaving the attraction at 21:30.|Your taxi is booked. Their contact number is 07080927615 and they will be picking you up in a white lexus. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, that is all I need today. Thank you so much.|Thank for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Goodbye
I'm looking for an attraction called Cambridge Artworks. Do you have any information on it?|Sure thing! The entrance is free! It is located at 5 Greens Road in postcode cb13ef.
Do you have their phone number?|Sure, the phone number is 01223902168. Can I help with anything else?
No, I think that is good.  Thanks for your help and have a nice day.|Have a wonderful day and enjoy your trip to Cambridge Artworks!
Okay. Thank you for all your help.|You are welcome. Thank you for contacting the help desk, and have a great day.
I'm looking for a cheap restaurant in the centre.|I have 15 different restaurants matching your preferences, would you like a specific type of food?
No, any one will be fine.  Will you pick one and send me the phone number and postcode?|The phone number to J restaurant is 01223307581.
Thank you! I'm actually looking for places to go in town, some type of entertainment.|How about nusha? It's in the south.
That sounds great. Can i get the postcode and is there a entrance fee?|I don't have any information on the entrance fee, but their postcode is cb17dy. Can I help you with anything else?
Yes, I need a taxi to get from the restaurant to Nusha.|Okay, what time would you like to arrive in Nusha?
No, I need a taxi from Nusha to the restaurant.|Okay, what time do you need the taxi for?
it should leave by 08:15|I booked you a grey audi from nusha to j restaurant, to pick you up at 8:15.  Contact number is 07366723589.  Is there anything else I can do?
No, thank you. That's all I need today.|I hope you have a great stay.  Goodbye.
I am looking for information in Cambridge|Sure, I can help you with all kinds of information. What do you need to know?
Are there any good parks to visit in the west?|Sorry, no parks in the west.
hmm, what about a college?|Yes, there are 5 colleges in the west! Some are free and some have a small fee. Would you be interested in one of those?
Sure, just pick one, please? I'll need the entrance fee and phone number.|churchill college would suit your needs. The phone number is 01223336233 and the entrance fee is free.
I also need a train to Cambridge.|Is there a date and time that you would prefer?
Yes, on Monday and I need to leave after 16:15.|Ok wonderful, what will be your departure location?
I'll be leaving from Kings Lynn.|Okay the TR0415 leaves at 17:11 and arrives by 17:58.
Please book me 1 ticket for the TR0415.|Your train has been booked and your reference number is UXYKEGNB. May I help you with anything else?
That's it! Thank you for your help!|Sure, any time!
Hello, I'm looking for the Jesus Green Outdoor Pool, could you help me with more information?|Sure! That pool is located between victoria road and the river in postcode cb43px. That's on the north side of town. Their phone number is 01223302579.
That's great. Is there an entrance fee?|Unfortunately we are unaware of whether there is an entrance fee for this particular location. May I help with anything more?
I am also looking for a train to take me from Cambridge to Ely.|There are 70 trains that go to Ely from Cambridge. Do you have a particular day and time you would prefer?
Yes I need to travel on Friday, but I can't leave until after 13:30.|i have 6 trains that meet your criteria. what actual time did you have in mind for departure?
Whatever the first train is that leaves after 13:30.|We can book you for the train leaving at 13:50.
That will work great. Can you book me 6 tickets please?|Okay, I have booked 6 tickets for Train TR5484 leaving at 13:50. The total fee is 26.4 GBP, and your reference number is 66ULRJSS. Can I help with anything else?
No. I think that's all I need. Have a good day. Bye.|Thanks for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre!
We want to explore a park in Cambridge.|We have 5 parks. Do you have a certain area in mind?
I would like it to be in the south part of town. Please provide their phone number, postcode, and entrance fee. Thanks.|You can visit Wandlebury country park. The address is wandlebury ring, gog magog hills, babraham and the post code is cb223ae.
What is the phone number and how much does it cost to get in ?|There is no entrance fee. The phone number is 01223243830. Is there anything else you need?
I also need a train that will depart from cambridge and should go to london kings cross.|How about train TR5767 that leaves at 05:00 on Friday?
No, that doesn't work for me. I need a train that leaves after 11:00 on Wednesday|Train TR9781 leaves at 11:00 on Wednesday would you like me to book that train for you?
Yep I only need one ticket and the reference number please.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 23.6 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : Q7Q9W4IN. is there anything else i can help you with?
No thanks. That's all I needed.|Okay, let us know if you need anything else.
That was all thanks for your help today.|You're welcome! Have a great day!
I'm looking for a cheap restaurant. Can you help me?|There are 22 cheap restaurants. What part of town are you interested in?
I'd like a place in the centre, please.|There are 15 cheap restaurants in the centre area. What type of food are you interested in?
Could you get me the phone number and postcode of one close to a museum?  Looking for place to go after meal in same area?|The Golden House Chinese restaurant  phone number is 01842753771 and the postcode is cb21eg, is there anything else I can assist you with?
Would you be able to help me with a particular attraction?|Sure, what's it called?
I am looking for the address, postcode and attraction type for people's portraits exhibition at girton college. Thank you.|Thank you...the address for the museum is Girton College, Huntingdon Road, cb2ojg. Is there anything else I can help you with?
What is the area?|It is located in the west. Will that be all today?
Yes, that will be all.  Thanks for your help.  Bye.|You're welcome. Thank you for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Have a great day.
Hi, I'm looking for a place to stay.  Can you help me?|I can definitely help with that. First of all, is there a preference on price range?
Moderately priced with a star of 3 will do.|I have four options. Do you have a preference on which side of town?
I would like one in the North please|I would recommend the Alpha-Milton Guest House.  It is in the North and moderately priced.
Does it have free wifi? I will need the postcode if it does.|I am afraid it does not. Hamilton lodge does have free wifi. Would you like to book it?
No, that's ok. May I have the post code for the Hamilton?|Sure!  The postcode is cb41da.
I am also looking for places to go in the same area as the hotel.|Sure. There are 2 swimming pools, a boat attraction, and a park in the area. Which one would you like information on?
The boat sounds like something I'd enjoy.  Is there an entrance fee?|I'm sorry but the entrance fee can only be seen once at the location.
Okay.  Well, thank you and goodbye!  Have a nice day.|You're welcome!  I hope that you have a nice day as well!  Goodbye.
Hi, I'm looking for a train to Stevenage.|There are several.  When do you plan on leaving?
I would like to leave sometime after 11:00 on tuesday.|There are 7 trains with that criteria.  All of them are leaving from Cambridge, leaving after 11.  Is there a certain time you would like to arrive by?
I would like the train that leaves as close to 11:15 as possible please.|I have one that leaves at 11:21. How many tickets please?
I want to make a booking for 5 people.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 64 GBP payable at the station.  Your reference number is 5DHIPIME.  Can I help you with anything else?
Yes, I would like to find out information about the scott polar museum.|The Scott Polar Museum is located on Lensfield Road at the city centre, their phone number is 01223336540. It is free to see. Anything else I can help you with?
Yes, what type of museum is the Scott Polar Museum?  Should I call the museum for more information on the attraction type?|Yes, you should call the Scott Polar Museum for more information.
Ok, thank you for your help.|It's my pleasure. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, that's it. Thank you.|Thank you for using our system.
Yes I need a train on Thursday to go to Cambridge.|Where would you like to leave from?
Sorry, I am leaving peterborough.|What is the day of travel?
Thursday, and it should arrive by 13:30.|We have many trains that match your request, is there a specific time you want to leave by?
I don't want to get there too early. What is the train  that will get me there nearest to 13:30.|TR3798 gets there at 13:09.
That's perfect I think. Please reserve 7 tickets for my group, and let me know the reference number when you have one.|Okay great! Your reference number is EOQ7QISL, is there anything else you need?
I will be in the north part of town. I'm looking for a place to go. I might even want to go swimming. Any suggestions?|I have 2 pools in the north.  I think you may like Jesus Green outdoor pool.  Would you like their information?
Yes. Can I have the postcodes, phone numbers, and addresses?|The Jesus Green outdoor pool's phone number is 01223302579, postcode is cb43px and the address is between victoria road and the river. May I provide any further assistance?
No, you have helped tremendously.  Thank you.|Thank you! Have a good day. Good bye.
I'm looking for info about the curry king restaurant.|It is in the centre of town, the expensive price range, their phone number is 01223324351and they are at 5 Jordans Yard Bridge Street City Centre
Can you please book the restaurant for 4 people at 13:45 on sunday?|I have book a table for four at Curry King for Sunday at 13:45. The reference number is 16LCXAD5. Can I help with anything else?
I also need a sports place to go on the east side of town.|The cherry hinton village centre is a multiple sports location.
Great. May I have their postcode please?|Yes, the postcode for the cherry hinton village centre is cb19ej for more infomation about the facility their number is 01223576412.  May I help you with anything else?
That is all I need for now.  Thank you for your help.|You're welcome. Goodbye.
I need to find a place to hang out at a college in Cambridge.|Any specific area in mind?
In the centre would be great!|There are several colleges in the centre where you can hang out.  Most of them have free entrance fees.  Is there anything else I can help you with?
Can you pick one and get me the postcode, address on phone number?|I recommend downing college located on regent street. The postcode is cb21dq and their phone number is 01223334860. Anything else I can help you with?
I also need a train departing from cambridge and should leave after 12:30.|May I ask you for more information regarding the train?
I'll be going to London Liverpool street on Sunday.|TR2141 leaves Cambridge on Sunday at 13:59 and arrives at London Liverpool Street at 15:57. Are you interested in me booking this for you?
Yes, that sounds ideal. Will you please book for 8 passengers, please.|Your train has been booked. The total fee is 106.24 GBP payable at the station. Your reference number is ZAPBD0P6. Can I assist you any further?
No thank you, you have been helpful.|I'm happy to hear that. Thank you for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Have a wonderful day.
I am looking for a train leaving broxbourne.|I can help with that! Your destination will be cambridge I presume, what day would you like to travel?
I would like to travel on a Saturday.|There are hourly trains from 5:32 onward. Did you have a particular time of day in mind?
Yes I want to travel on a Saturday.|Where is your destination located?
I should have confirmed that I am indeed going to Cambridge.|Thank you for confirming that.  One more detail: Did you have a particular time period in mind for your trip?
Yes.  I want to arrive in Cambridge by 21:30.|TR7846 will get you into Cambridge by 10:32.  Would you like me to book a seat on that for you?
No I don't need to book a seat, but can you tell me the departure time.|Of course. The departure time for that train is 09:32 with an arrival time of 10:32. It's a 60 minute ride. Anything else I can help with?
I need a place to go in town.|Did you have a specific place or area in mind?
The centre, please.|There are numerous places in the Centre, can you tell me what type if place or activity you would like to do and maybe we can narrow it down?
How about a zoo or art gallery?|I'm afraid we don't have a zoo, although if you like plants there is the Cambridge University Botanic Gardens. There are several galleries, such as Regency Gallery and Ruskin Gallery.
Are there entrance fees to these places?|The Cambridge University Botanic Gardens are 4 pounds, and the Regency and Ruskin Galleries are free.
Please, I need the address and phone number for the Regency and Ruskin Galleries. Thanks.|The address for the regency gallery is 39 fitzroy street and the phone number is 01223365454. For ruskin gallery it's anglia ruskin university, east road, their number is 01245493131.
One more thing. Would you confirm the attraction type for the regency gallery and ruskin gallery?|The Ruskin Gallery is a museum. Do you need anything else?
That will be all, thank you for your help.|You are welcome. Have a nice day. Goodbye.
What theaters are on the east side of town?|Unfortunately, I don't happen to have any located in the east. Can I check in a different area for you?
Ok, well lets try maybe for a swimming pool instead.|The Abbey Pool and Astroturf Pitch is a swimming pool on the east side of town. Would you like their address?
No but I would like the number and postcode for The Abbey Pool.|The phone number is 01223902088. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Yes, do you have the Abbey Pool postcode, please?|Sure, it is cb58nt.  Will that be all?
No, that is it. Thanks.|Ok thank you for using our service & have a good day.
Yes I would like to stay in a guesthouse that is moderately priced.|Sure, acorn guest house has 4 stars, would you like me to book it?
I need a place in the north, with free wifi.|You have about 8 places that would fit your criteria. Almost all are 4 star rated. If you don't mind a recommendation, the Limehouse is known as one of the best.
That sounds good please book me a room for 1 person staying 4 nights starting from Saturday.|I am sorry.  It appears that the hotel does not have anything available.  Would you like to try a shorter stay or a different check in date?
What about 3 nights?|Okay, you're all set! Reference number is I198LDZ3.
i am also looking for  a place to go in town, college maybe?|There are no colleges in the north however Christ's college in the centre is nice with no entrance fee. Would you like the address?
Actually, could you give me the postcode?  Thanks!|Christ's College postcode is cb23bu and address is saint andrew's street
Thank you. Also, what is the entrance fee if any?|There is no entrance fee. Would you like the phone number?
No, thanks. You were tremendously helpful. Have a great day!|You too!  Please let us know if you need anything else!
I need some recommendations for attractions in Cambridge at the centre, what would you suggest?|Is there a specific type of attraction you are most interested in?  The centre has many different kinds of attractions from museums to theaters.  Do you have a preference?
No, I don't have a preference. May I please have some suggestions?|If you're in the mood for boating there is The Cambridge Punter at 251a Chesterton Road, or maybe a movie? The Vue Cinema is at Grafton Centre, East Road.
Could you also provide me with the postcodes for these establishments?|Yes All Saints Church is at jesus lane and is free
Please find a cheap restaurant that serves Indian food.|I have a few cheap ones listed but Ill give you my favorite, which is royal spice.
What are of town is that in? I really want to stay in the centre of town to be close to the attractions.|In that case I would recommend kohinoor. Would you like me to make a reservation?
No thank you that will be all|Is there anything else I can do? Perhaps find a great attraction for you to visit while you're in town?
On second thought, I need a reservation for 5 at 12:15 on Sunday and the reference number. Also information on a place called Vue Cinema.|Your table has been reserved. Please be on time as they can only hold it for 15 minutes. Your reservation number is YFIORWEK. Vue Cinema is a cinema in the centre.
What is the post code for the cinema?|The postcode is cb11ps.
I need a cab to the restaurant by the booking time, contact # and car type so I don't get into someone else's car!|sure, where will you be departing from to get to the restaurant?
I'll need a car from the Vue Cinema. I wouldn't want to be late for my reservation.|I've got a car booked for you, a blue BMW. The contact number is 07103963955
Great that's all I needed today thanks.|Do you need anything else.
No, I think I'm all set.  Thank you for all your help!|You're welcome! Have a great day!
I'm looking for some place to go in the center of town.|May I recommend the Cambridge Contemporary Art Museum?  It is located in the town centre.
Sounds neat! Can I have the postcode and phone number for the museum?|Certainly! The phone number is 01223324222 and the postcode is cb21su. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, I'm looking for a hotel called a and b guest house. Can you get me information on that?|a and b guest house is located east of town center, but they have internet and a 4 star rating. Their phone is 01223315702 and postcode cb12dp.
Thank you! What type of hotel is that, and the address please?|It's a guesthouse located on 124 tenison road.
Thank you goodbye|Enjoy your day!
Looking for a place to go to in the centre area, a type of college.|Excellent! There are 13 places that might work. How about Downing College on Regent Street? It has free entrance.
Sounds great! Can I have their postalcode and phone number please?|No problem. Their postal code is cb21dq and their phone number is 01223334860. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I like to find a train that goes to broxbourne.|I can help you with that. Where will you be leaving from?
I will be leaving from Cambridge and will need to arrive by 10:30|I recommend TR2519 leaving at 09:01 and arriving at 10:01.  Would you like me to book that train for you?
Is that the schedule for Friday? That's when I need to travel. If so, please book 8 tickets for me?|You are booked on train TR2519 for 8 on Friday.  The total fee  is 143.19 GBP payable at the station and your reference number is LDDIXALA.
Thank you so much! Goodbye now!|You're very welcome!  Enjoy your travels!  Thank you for contacting the Cambridge TownInfo centre.
Hi there. Can you help me find a museum in the west part of town?|Yes there are many. Do you have a preference for type?
As long as it's a museum in the west, I'm happy.  Can you pick one and give me the postcode?|cafe jello gallery is a museum in the west. Its postcode is cb30af.
Thank you. I am also hoping to book a train to Cambridge from Ely.|What day and time would you like to travel?
I need to leave for Ely sometime after 8:30 on Saturday.|I have the TR3177 train leaving at 09:50 on Sunday, would that work?
I actually need to leave on Saturday. Is there something leaving at a similar time?|How about TR0718? It leaves at 09:50.
That would be perfect, can you book that for one and give me the reference number please?|Okay I've done that for you. Your reference number INEQVBMN.
That is all I need today. Thank you for all of your help.|You're quite welcome, have a lovely day! Enjoy Cambridge!
Thank you, have a good day!|its been our pleasure to serve you.
I need to find a moderate priced hotel to stay at.|In what area of town are you looking to stay?
in the south are of town.|aylesbray lodge guest house is a nice place
Does it have free parking?|Yes they do offer free parking. Would you like me to book a room for you?
Yes, on Tuesday for 3 people 3 nights.|Your reservation for 3 people at aylesbray lodge guest house this tuesday for 4 days 3 nights was successful. Your Reference number is : SWWMG3BG.
thanks for your time and services|Thank you goodbye
I am looking for a nightclub in the town centre.|There are five nightclubs I can show you. How about the Ballare at lion yard?
Can you tell me what the entrance fee is for Ballare? I also need the address.|address is heidelberg gardens, lion yard.  entrance fee is 5 pounds
Thanks for the info. Can you also tell me if there are any trains on Saturday that leave after 11:15?|Yes, there are trains that leave after 11:15.
Thanks, Are there trains that depart from Cambridge?|Certainly, there are 134, do you have an arrival time in mind?
No, but I need to leave after 11:15.|To help narrow it down, what is your destination and what day will you be leaving?
I am going to stansted airport and need to leave on Saturday.|TR3373 meets your criteria and arrives by 12:08. Would you like to book it?
Yes I need to book for 8 people and get the reference number please.|Great the reference number is 7LIC35YA.
Thank you! That's all I need today. I appreciate your help!|You are quite welcome! Have a safe flight!
I want a train from cambridge to bishops stortford.|I see several options for trains from Cambridge to Bishops Stortford. What day and time would you like to depart?
Wednesday, with an arrival time by 13:30 in Bishops Stortford.|The closest arrival time I can get for you is 12:07 on train TR8224. Would you like to book some tickets?
Yes, 7 tickets, please. And I'll need the reference number.|Great, I've book your tickets, your reference number is HE1L803E. Anything else I can do for you?
I'm looking to go to a college in the centre of town. Can you recommend something for me?|There are 13 colleges in the centre. Is there something specific you're looking for?
Nothing specific, just give me the first one that pops up.  I'll need the phone number, entrance fee and postcode please.|Christ's College is located in the centre of town. Entrance is free, phone number is 1223334900, and post code is cb23bu. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Thank You. That's it.|Thank you for using our service.  Have a wonderful day.
I need a place to stay in the north of town.|Okay, we can help you with that. Do you have a price range?
Moderate would work best for my budget, thanks for asking.|I can book you a room at acorn guest house.
Do they have free wifi?|yes most of them do
Can you give me the address and post code?|it is situated in 154 chesterton road ,cb41da
Thank you.  Can you also find a an attraction called Cineworld Cinema?|Cineworld is a cinema on Cambridge Leisure Park, Clifton Way. What would you like to know about it?
What's their phone number?|Their phone number is 00872208000. Can I hlep with anything else?
That's all. Thanks for your help. Bye.|You're welcome, have a great day.  Farewell
I need a train from london kings cross to cambridge.|What day will you be departing? Trains depart starting at 5:17 then at each odd hour. Trains arrive the next hour :08.
On sunday. But I have to be there by 19:15. Which one works best for that?|There are 7 trains. The one that arrives closest to 19:15 is TR2952 which leaves at 17:17 and arrives at 18:08. Would you like to book this?
Is there an earlier train?|There is TR1688 that arrives by 14:08
Great that should work can I get the price, and departure time of that?|18.88 pounds departure time 13:17.
I need the postcode please.|What postcode are you requesting?
Sorry. I am interested in finding a museum to attend and would need the postcode and phone number.|There are 5 museums, 4 of which are free and one costs 3.50 pounds.  Do you know which area you would like?
I don't care about the area. Can you give me the name, postcode, and phone number of the one with an entrance fee?|Sure, cambridge and county folk museum at 2-3 castle street has the entrance fee of 3.50 pounds. The phone number is 01223355159.
I will also need the postcode please.|Sure, the postcode for the cambridge and county folk museum is cb30aq.
Thank you for your help.|You're welcome. Is that all I can help you with today?
That should be all the info I need, thank you!|You're very welcome, enjoy your visit to Cambridge!
Can you help me find a cinema in the centre?|sure, there's a cineman called vue cinema
Great.  Can I get the phone number for the cinema?|The phone number for Vue Cinema is 08712240240 and they are in The Grafton Centre on East Road. Can I help you with anything else?
Thanks. I also need to find a place to dine, please.|What type of food would you like?
italian food, please|We have quite a few Italian restaurants all over town. Is there a particular part of town you want to stick to?
Yes, I'd like one that was in the centra as well.|We have 9 choices in the centre, any preference on price range?
Yes please; I'd greatly prefer the moderate price range as I'm on a bit of a budget.|pizza express would fit your needs, would you like to make a booking?
Yes, please book it for thursday at 18:30 for 4 people. I'll need the reference number as well please.|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Reference number is : 7LYLSH0V
i also need a taxi.|Where will you need the taxi to pick you up?
I need to be picked up at Vue Cinema.|And where will your destination be?
I need to get to Pizza Express for my 18:30 reservation, please.|Okay, you're all set with a taxi. It's going to be a black toyota and the contact number is 07976731692
You have been most helpful setting this up. Thank you. Goodbye.|Thank you for using our service today!
Book me a train from bishops stortford that arrives by 18:30.|OK, the TR0201 arrives at 18:07. Would you like to book that?
I need the train to leave on tuesday and go to cambridge.|There are no trains on Tuesday.
are you sure? i need to leave tuesday.|Yes I am sure. Can you change your criteria?
No, I can not do that.|I have a train on Tuesday that arrives at 18:07. I believe that would suffice?
Can you book it for me and get a reference number ?|I can do that for you. Can you tell me how many tickets you need to book?
I need to book it for 5 people.|Your booking on TR1772 was successful. The reference number is YV3K20RP. The total fee of 50.5 is payable at the station.
Also looking for place to go in the west. I need the postcode, address and entrance fee.|There are a lot of great places to go in the west - museums, colleges, entertainment venues - what would you like to do?
Would you choose an entertainment venue for me? Museums and colleges seem so boring. I will need the address, postcode and entrance fee, please.|The only entertainment venues that I can find are colleges in the West. Is there another area you would like me to search?
Colleges are find, can you recommend one and give me the postcode, address and entrance fee?|I recommend Clare Hall. It is free admission, and the address is Herschel Road, CB39AL.
That is great, thanks for your help.|You're welcome! Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, I think I have everything I need.|Thank you for calling. Have a great day and a fantastic trip to Cambridge. Goodbye.
I am looking for an upscale Chinese food restaurant in Cambridge; can you make a recommendation?|Yu garden is in the expensive price range in the east part of town.
I need something in the Center of town.|There are four expensive Chinese restaurants in the centre of town. Would Ugly Duckling suit you?
That sounds fine.  Can you give me the address and phone number?|Yes Ugly Duckling would work. Would you please reserve it for me and send me the reference number? Thank you.
Yes, I know it would work, I am the one you asked, lol.  Can you just give me the address and phone number though?|Their address is  12 St. Johns Street City Centre.  Unfortunately their phone number is not available.
Thanks, I am also looking for somewhere to go in the centre area.|Castle Galleries is a museum in the centre and it's free. Would you like the address or another option?
Yes, I'd like the address please.|Their address is unit su43, grande arcade, saint andrews street and their postcode is cb23bj.
No that's all, thank you!|You're welcome, have a great day.
Can you tell me about cineworld cinema? I'd like a train into Cambridge on Thursday leaving around 09:00 also.  I'll be leaving from Stratford. What is the fair? Thank you.|OK, one at a time. Cineworld Cinema is located at cambridge leisure park, clifton way, in the south part of town.
Can I have the postcode and phone number, please?|The postcode is cb17dy	and the phone number is 00872208000.  Now, let's check on that train.
Thank you. Again, I will be leaving from Stratford around 09:00 going to Cambridge and I would like to know the fair also.|I'm sorry, there seems to be an error. Would you please restate your requirements?
Forget the train for now, I need a 3 star guesthouse.|The alpha-milton guest house is located in the north with postcode cb41xa and is 3 stars.  Its phone number is 01223311625.  Would you like me to book this?
Yes, please book it for me.|Can you tell me what day you are wanting to start your stay?
Actually I don't want to book yet, I just am looking for the postcode and area of a guesthouse with 3 stars and moderately priced.|The Alpha-Milton guesthouse is a 3 star guesthouse located in the north.
Great. Can I have the postcode for the Aplha-Milton guesthouse?|Certainly.  The postcode is cb41xa.  Can I help you with anything else?
Thanks for everything! Thats all I needed.|You are all set, have a good time.
Thank you, goodbye.|You're welcome. Have a great stay.
I am looking for a place to go in the centre, of type multiple sports.|Unfortunately, there is not attraction type with multiple sports in the centre areat.
Is there a nightclub located in the centre instead then?|There are 5 nightclubs in the centre.  Would you like me to send you a list with their address and price information?
No, I just need the phone number and entrance fee for each of them.|Ballare 5 pounds, phone 01223364222. club salsa 5 pounds, phone 07782218745. kambar 5 pounds, phone 01223842725. soul tree nightclub 4 pounds, phone 01223477900. the fez club 5 pounds, phone 01223519224
Thank you I also need a train going to Cambridge leaving after 17:00|There are a lot of trains then, can you tell me where you are departing from and how many tickets you need?
I will be departing from Bishops Stortford on Sunday.|TR5298 leaves at 17:29 and arrives by 18:07. Can I book you for this train?
No, that's all I needed. Thank you!|Thank you, enjoy your visit!
Yes, I am looking forward to trying some local restaurants when I am there.  Can you help me find a place to dine?|What type of cuisine do you enjoy?
I enjoy Chinese food.|You have many choices for chinese in cambridge, any preference on price or area?
I would like that to be in a  expensive price range and should be in the centre.|I have three places fitting that. Shall I book one?
Yes. Wednesday. 6 people at 15:30.|Booking was successful at HK Fusion. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : 1ZF8E0IV. Anything else I can help with?
I'm also looking for a particular attraction. It's called Scudamores Punting Co. Could you give me their information?|Scudamores is a fun boat attraction in the center of town. They're located at Granta Place, Mill Lane, cb21rs. Can I help with anything else today?
Yes. Can I also have their phone number.|Sure.  You can phone at 01223359750.  What else can I help with?
That will be all, thank you.|I am glad I could help you, Thank you.
Hello, I am looking to book a train departing from Cambridge going to Bishops Stortford.|What is your departure day and time?
I'll be leaving Saturday after 19:45.|I have train TR1159 that departs at 21:29 and will arrive by 22:07. Would that be something that would work for you?
Book it for 8 please and i need the reference number.|I have booked that and your reference number is 69TDODDN.
I am also looking for swimming pools I can visit.|Abbey pool and astroturf pitch looks good, would you like to get some information about that?
Yes, what area is it located in?|It is located in the east, would you like any more information on this or more help with something else?
That's all I need for now. Thanks for your help.  Goodbye!|Sounds good! Have a wonderful day!
I am looking for a five star guesthouse to stay in.|There are no 5 Star Guest Houses in the area. Do you have any other preferences?
Are there any 5 star hotels in that area?|I am not finding any 5 star hotels. Would you like to try a different rating?
Okay, let's try a 4 star rating instead. Do you have any guesthouses listed with a 4 star rating?|yes, there are 18 guesthouses with 4 star ratings.
What is the price range and area?|They are located all across town, from all price ranges. Do you have any preferences?
I don't care about the location or price.|In that case may I suggest the Acorn Guest House? It's located in the north and has a moderate price range with a four star rating.
Do they have internet?|Yes, they offer both parking and internet. Would you like to make a booking?
No thanks but I'm looking for something to do around town|Do you have any preferences on things to do or area?
I need an attraction in the type of concerthall.|The man on the moon is the only concerthall, but it is in the the centre, would you like more info on that or for me to run another sarch?
what is its entrance fee?|We don't have information on the entrance fee, but their number is 01223474144 if you would like to contact them.
Thank you for the information.|Can I look up anything else for you?
That is all I needed.|Ok! Have a great day!
Hello, I am looking forward to seeing some local attractions in the Centre. Do you have any recommendations?|I have over 40 to choose from. Did you happen to have a certain type of attraction in mind?
No particular attraction in mind. What do you recommend?|Does it matter if there is a charge or do you prefer something that is free?
I don't mind I just will need their address when you have chosen one.|I've heard great things about the boat attraction, the Cambridge Punter! The address is 251a Chesterton Road. Can I be of any further help?
I am also looking for a place to stay. The hotel should include free wifi and should be in the same area as the attraction.|There are great choices in the centre. Would you prefer a guesthouse or a hotel?
I'd prefer a hotel, it doesn't need to have parking as I'll be taking the train into town.|Do you have any other requirements?
No. Which one do you recommend?|I would recommend cityroomz, i hear it's lovely
That will be great. I'll need to book it for Sunday. We will be staying 3 nights and it's 8 people.|Would you like me to book that for you then?
yes please book|I have you booked, the reference number is WWB56SIX, can I help with anything else?
That is everything I need.|It was a pleasure to assist you. Have a good day. Goodbye.
I am looking for colleges to visit in town while I am visiting. Can you help me with that?|We have listings for several colleges. What area would you like to visit?
I would welcome a recommendation from you. Please provide me with their entrance fee.|Christ's college is free.
Can you give me the address for that college?|their address is 	saint andrew's street
I am also looking for a particular restaurant,the Cow Pizza Kitchen and Bar.|Sure I've found them, would you like me to make a reservation?
What type of cuisine is it? Can I also get a price and phone number?|It is a gastro pub with a moderate price range. Their phone number is 01223308871. Is there anything else I can do for you?
nope that's it thanks|Have a great visit!
Yes, I am hoping you can give me some information on a train.|Can you please give me more information? There are numerous trains leaving on Friday to Cambridge.
I am leaving cambridge on Tuesday and going to Birmingham new street.|Sure, there are plenty of trains that match your requirements.  Did you have a particular time of day you were wanting to travel on Friday?
I would like to leave after 21:45.|There are two trains that fit your criteria.  One will arrive at 24:33 and the other at 01:44.  Which suits your needs?
How about the one arriving at 01:44.|How many tickets can I book for you?
What is the travel time for the one arriving at 1:44.|The travel time for TR4724 is 163 minutes.
I would also like to go to a museum.|There are 23 museums available. Which part of town do you prefer?
I'm fine with any area of town.|we have lovely museums in the east, west, south and centre. I prefer the byard art myself that's in the south
I would like to give that a try. What is the entrance fee, phone number and area?|byard art museum is located in the south part of town. Their entrance fee is free. Their phone number is 01223464646. Can I further assist you today?
Thanks so much. That's all I need. Goodbye!|You are welcome! I hope you enjoy your time at the museum. I am happy to have been able to assist you.
Hello, can you recommend a hotel in the North of town with free parking, please?|I have 2 both moderate pricing. The ashley hotel or the lovell lodge. Would you like me to book one for you?
Are either of those guesthouses in the moderate price range?|Yes, both of them are!  We've got Ashley Hotel and Lovell Lodge.  Do you have a preference?
Book Ashley Hotel for 2 people and 3 nights starting from saturday|Your booking was successful! The reference number is 4IJ1WV2N. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Thank you for handling the lodging. I am looking for something to do in the area by the hotel. Any suggestions?|How about milton county park?  It is the north part of town.
I like the sound of that. Can you tell me the type and entrance fee please?|It is a park and the fee is free
I also need a taxi to between the 2 places. I need to leave milton county park by 12:15.|Where will you be leaving from?
I'll be leaving from the hotel.|Are you wanting to leave from the park or the restaurant?
I'll be leaving from the park.|Okay, be on the lookout for a black bmw. Contact number is 07120499687. Anything else?
That's it for me. Thank you, bye!|thank you and enjoy your stay in Cambridge!
I would like to find a museum to to go to in the centre in town. Can you help me?|Broughton house gallery is a museum in the cetnre of town.
Can I have the postcode?|Yes the post code is cb11ln.
Thanks! I'm also looking for a nice place to stay. 4-stars, expensive - that sort of thing.|In what area?
Also in the centre of town, please. And, I'm not too fond of guesthouses, so can you try for a hotel instead please. Thanks.|The university arms hotel meets your needs. If you give me your travel details, I can book it for you.
Sounds good! I need a room for 6 people, 5 nights, starting on Saturday.|I've completed your booking, your reference number is BXRZYUU7. What else can I help you with today?
Cool I also need a taxi to get to the hotel after visiting the museum.|I can definitely help with that. First I'll need to know though either when you want to leave the attraction or what time you want to arrive at the hotel by
I want to leave the attraction by 14:00.|You are booked for a red Volkswagen. Your contact number is 07391981336. May I help you with anything else?
Attraction, lodging and taxi. That's everything. Thank you. Goodbye.|Glad I could help.  Enjoy your stay.  Goodbye!
I need a moderately prices two start hotel in the north with wifi. Can you help?|Would you need parking?
No. I just misspoke. I'm looking for a moderately priced Spanish restaurant.|How about La Tasca that serves spanish food and is in the moderate price range located in the centre of town?
I would like a table on Sunday.|I will book it for you,is there anything else I can do for you ?
Yes. I need the reference number and would like to know of some places to visit in the same area.|What time would you like your reservation for and for how many people? We will work on your attraction once we get the restaurant booked.
12:15 on Sunday for 2 people.|Booking at La Tasca was successful. Your reference number is XV1087FK. What type of attraction are you interested in?
I don't need an attraction.  I am done for now.  Thank you.|Okay, have a great time during your stay!
i need a moderately priced hotel in south cambridge.|There are no moderately priced hotels in the south. Would you be interested in a moderately priced guesthouse?
I'm actually looking for the warkworth house hotel.|The warkworth house is a guesthouse in the east area of town. Would you like me to book the guesthouse for you?
Yes, I would like to book for four people starting Thursday night and lasting three nights.|I have booked your hotel at the Warkworth House, arriving Thursday for three nights.  Your reference number is 853I1LMK. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes I am looking for a nightclub in centre of town.|There are five nightclubs in that area. Would you like more info on them?
Yes can I get the phone number and address for them?|Is there a particular one you would like the address and phone number for, or would you like the contact information for all of them?
Ah, just pick one for me that looks interesting, and give me the address and phone number for that one.|Okay. Club Salsa's telephone number is 07782218745 and their address is 1 station road. The entrance fee is 5 pounds by the way.
That's all I need. Thanks.|You're welcome, enjoy your time in Cambridge.
Hey! Trying to locate a train that goes to broxbourne and would leave right after 17:45.|I can help with that! What day would you like to depart?
I would like to leave on Tuesday please.|The TR5484 leaves at 18:01 and arrives by 19:01. Will that work for you?
Yes, I need 2 tickets.|You're all set. The fee will be 35.79 GBP and you can pay at the station. Your reference number is HZ0I8VML. Do you need anything else?
Yes I also need information on downing college.|Noone in the center appears to b open. You would be more than pleased with Jesus College which is and is beautiful.
I'm really interested in Downing College. Can you tell me the area, address, and fee for that one?|Downing College is located in the centre, located on Regent Street. The postcode is cb21dq. The entrance fee is free. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No that will be all. Thanks. Good bye.|Thanks for using our services today. Glad I was able to help have a nice day.
I am looking for a museum to visit in the centre of cambridge.|We have 11. The Museum of Archaelogy and Anthropology is a popular choice. It's over on downing street, and offers free admission.
That sounds great, can you tell me their full address and postcode, please?|University of Cambridge, Downing Street. Postcode cb23dz. Anything else.
Yes, can you help me find some places to eat?|Absolutely, would you like the restaurant to be in the centre as well?
Yes, please. It should be in the cheap price range.|the incorrect domain was selected, please fix.
Asian food please.|wrong domain won't let you book a table
Also, I need to book a hotel with free wifi, and it doesn't need to have free parking. The price should be cheap or moderate, and I need the postcode.|Cityroomz hotel is in the centre and is moderately priced with internet. The postcode is cb12tz. Shall I book that for you?
Not right now, thanks. I do need a taxi, though. I want to leave the hotel at 03:30 (I'm an early riser!) and head to the museum.|No worries, we have 24/7 taxi service, your are set.  Look for a white Toyota, they are reachable at 07763641643, any further questions?
Thank you that is all I needed.|Thank you for calling the Cambridge TownInfo centre. If you need anything else do not hesitate to call us back. Have a fun day!
Do you have information about the Cambridge Museum of Technology?|Yes, the cambridge museum of technology is in the east part of town. The entrance fee in 5 pounds. Would you like a ticket?
Not at this moment. I would like the museum's postcode, though.|Their postcode is cb58ld
Thanks.  And it is an actual museum, correct?|Yes, it is a museum. Is there anything else you would like to know?
No, that will cover it. Thanks so much, you've been very helpful.|Your welcome. Enjoy visit at the cambridge museum of technology
What sort of entertainment is available on the east side of town?|Cherry hinton hall and grounds is available, would you like to try that?
Yes! Can you give me the postcode?|Their postcode is cb18dw. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I also need a place to eat around the same area, for a moderate price.|If you like Italian, I suggest Pizza Hut Fen Ditton.  Would you like me to book you a table?
I am actually looking for irish food.|I don't have anything in the east side that serves Irish food. Can I try something else?
Can you try italian food?|I would recommend the PIzza Hut Fen Ditton for you. Would you like me to book you a table there?
Yes. Please book for 5 people on Sunday at 19:00.|Pizza Hut Fen Ditton, 5 people Sunday at 19:00. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Your reference number is:  IFRHVXZ2.
Can you recommend any colleges in the Centre of town, please?|Sure, there are 18 colleges. What part of town are you interested in going to? I recommend christ's college and it's free admission.
Is that in the centre of town?  I definitely want to visit a college in the centre.|Yes it is in the centre and will make your wildest dreams come true, would you like more information on them?
Do they have an entrance fee?|They do not - admission is free.
Can you give me the post code?|Their postal code is cb23bu. Can I assist you with anything else today?
I'm looking for a place to stay in the centre. Free wifi, please. Expensive price range. Don't need free parking.|There are 2 hotels in centre that are espensive what star rating do you want?
No particular price range.|The two hotels are the Gonville on Gonville Place, and the University Arms on Regent Street.
Ok, can you recommend one and give me the postcode and phone number.|I recommend the Gonville hotel.  The postal code is cb11ly.
What is the phone number?|You can reach the Gonville Hotel at 01223366611.
Great I also am looking for a taxi that will leave the hotel by 11:00|Okay and what is the destination please?
I would like to go to Christ's College, please.|Booking completed!
Booked car type	:	white skoda
Contact number	:	07192870240
That's all I need, thanks so much for all of your help! Have a great day!|You are welcome. Enjoy your day too.
Hi, I'm looking for information on cinemas in Cambridge. Could you tell what my options are in the northern part?|Sorry! I don't see any results for your query of cinemas in the northern area. Do you want me to expand the search to neighboring areas?
Is there a park in the north area?|Yes, there is the milton county park in the north end.
Excellent, may I have the address for that park?|The address is: milton country park, milton. The postcode is: cb46az. Is there anything else I can do for you today?
Yes please, can I also look for a cheap guesthouse?|Certainly. I have several options for you. Do you need wifi or parking? Is there a part of town you prefer to stay in?
It should include free wifi and should be in the east.|There seems to be an opening at Allenbell. Would you like me to book you a room?
Yes, please. 5 people for 5 nights starting thursday|Booking was successful. Your Reference number is : LUDY2BH2.
Thank you very much!|You're welcome. Is there anything else I can do for you?
No thank you. I appreciate all of your help.|Thank you I'm glad I could help.
i'm looking for places to go in town.|Okay! What type of place would you like to visit?
College's seem nice, can you suggest one and give me the address, postcode and phone number if its not too much trouble|christ's college	 is found in the center their address is saint andrew's street and their poscode is cb23bu. You can reach them on the number 01223334900
Thank you very much.|Do you need help with anything else?
Yeah, I need to book a 4-star hotel in the north that's mid priced.|There is not one listed, do you want to try a 3 star hotel ?
I don't need free parking. I do care about moderate price range in the north with 4 stars.|There are no hotels but there are 7 guesthouses in the north meeting your requirements. Do you want me to choose a guesthouse for you?
Yes, please recommend a guesthouse based on recent reviews.|Okay, I recommend avalon. Do you want me to book?
Yes, please. I need to book it for 3 people for 3 nights starting Saturday.|Your booking was successful.  Would you like the reference number?
Yes I would like the reference number and that will be all today.|Booking was successful.
Reference number is : 6GVW9A45.
Thank you for your time.|Is there anything else I can help with today?
No thank you, I am all taken care of now. Thanks, and goodbye!|Have a wonderful night.
Hello, I am planning a trip for next month.  Can you suggest some places to go in town?|Do you have any specific attractions in mind?
I am interested in boat attractions in the centre.|There are a lot of options in that area. Would you prefer something free to visit?
I don't have a preference.|there is scudamores punting co	or the cambridge punter
Can you select one? I also need the entrance fee, if there is one.|I prefer the Cambridge Punter, but I don't have the fee information for any boat attractions. Their number is 07807718591 - I'm sure you could call and find out.
Thank you. I also need a hotel in the same area as the Cambridge Punter.|Is price important to you?
Nope, I'm open on price. It doesn't need to have internet.|Okay, how about the Alexander Bed and Breakfast?
That sounds great, can you book it for me for 3 people? Checking in monday and will be staying 4 nights.|Okay, you're all set! Your room has been reserved and your confirmation number is 4X57GWOC. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I also need to book a taxi when I got from the hotel to Cambridge Punter. I'd like to leave the hotel by 01:00.|Okay. We have you booked. The car type will be a black BMW. The contact number is 07167383694. Can I help you with anything else today?
no thanks you have been very helpful to me|Thank you for contacting us and have a nice day.
I'm looking for places to go in the centre area.|I have 44 places to go in centre. What type of place are you looking for?
I am looking for a college with free admission.|I would recommend Christ's College. It is a wonderful campus. They do offer free entrance also. Any other info I can provide you with?
Can I get the phone number and address for the College?|Yes, the address is saint andrew's street and the phone number is 01223334900.  Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
Yes actually.  I need to find a place to dine in the same area as the college is in hopefully.  Are there Italian places near there?|Yes, there are 9 restaurants. What is your price range?
I need a cheap price range for three people|I recommend Zizzi Cambridge. Would you like to book a table?
What day and time would you like for your reservation?|I need to meet my friends there by 5 pm
What kind of cool attractions to we have in town? Maybe in the water.|I have 4 swimming pools in town if you are interested in that? I have 2 in the north, 1 in the east, and 1 in the centre.
I would like to the information for the one east.|The abbey pool and astroturf pitch is located in the East at pool way, whitehill road, off newmarket road. Their phone number is 01223902088. Would you like to know anything else?
I am actually looking for a boat attraction in the north, not a swimming pool.|riverboat georgina	is in the north. do you want their information?
Can I get their postcode please? I also am looking for a good restaurant in town.|Their postcode is cb43ax.  Can I help you with anything else?
Yes I would like to find a restaurant that serves German food that is expensive.|Sorry, no matches. Is there another food you want to try?
What about British food?|There are 5 British restaurants that meet your needs. Would you prefer the centre, west, or east part of town?
Anywhere that you recommend will be great.|Fitzbillies is a great British restaurant in the centre of town.  Would you like me to reserve a table for you?
Yes, please. I would like it to be for 4 people at 14:15 on Saturday.|The booking was successful. Your table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Your reference number is 6S09L48Q. Can I help you with anything else?
I also need a taxi between the two locations and need to get to the restaurant by 14:15|I've booked a taxi for you.  You should arrive at the restaurant by 14:15. The contact number is 07165032687. How else can I help you today?
Can you let me know the type of car?|It'll be a white tesla.  Is there anything else I can help you with?
No. that is all for now.|Wonderful, glad I could be of assistance. Have a great day!
Yes, i would like help locating an attraction.|OK - what type of attraction are you looking for, and in what part of town?
I'm looking for the entrance fee for Castle Galleries.|Their entrance fee is free.
Thanks for the recommendation. That's all the help I need today.|You're welcome and thanks for using our help desk. Goodbye.
Can you give me some information on the Bloomsbury Restaurant?|Absolutely! It is a great international restaurant located in the centre of town. It is moderately priced. They are located at Crowne Plaza Hotel 20 Downing Street.
Perfect. Can I get a confirmed table for 2 at 16:15 on Wednesday? I'll need some sort of reference number too please.|Yes great! Your reservation was successful and the reservation number is 5G377MJC.
fantastic. i also want to check out some nightclubs in town.|I have 5 nightclubs in the centre area and 1 in the south. Do you have any other preferences?
It needs to be in the Centre area, please.|I have five in the centre. Would you like more info on any of them?
i need phone number of either and a taxi to commute between the two places|The phone number of club salsa is 07782218745.  What time do you need a taxi from?
Can I also have the address of the nightclub?|The address for Club Salsa is 1 Station Road. I can certainly book a taxi for you from Bloomsbury Restaurant to Club Salsa, when would you like it to arrive?
Great, thanks. I need a cab to get me to and from by the booked time. I also need the contact # & car type too please|I have booked your taxi. Be expecting a red Skoda. If you need to reach them, please call 07846707266.
Ok, that's all I needed, thanks!|Have a wonderful time during your stay at Cambridge.
Hello, I would like some suggestions for college attractions in town. Could you help me?|There are a lot to choose from! There's Hughes Hall and Jesus College in the centre of town, Magdalene College and Queen's College in the west, and many others.
I will go with whatever you recommend,  I'll just need to know the entrance fee and postcode.|Magdalene college on magdalene street, in the west, has many repeat visitors. The college is free and the post code is cb30ag. Their phone number is 01223332138. Anything else?
Thank you. Do you have any information about a specific hotel named the el shaddai?|El Shaddai is a guesthouse in the cheap price range found in the center of town. their address is 41 warkworth street
Thanks so much. You've been very helpful. That's all for me today. Have a good night. Bye.|Thank you for using our system!
You betcha. Bye-bye!|Have a great day!
I want a train leaving on thursday.|Where are you departing from and what is your destination?
should depart from stansted airport and arrive by 08:00 at cambridge|I have the TR6437 leaving at 07:24 and arriving at 07:52. Would you like me to book that for you?
make a booking for 7 people and could I get the reference number|Booking was successful, the total fee is 70.7 GBP payable at the station Reference number is : DMXYQFPZ. Is there anything else you need today?
No that will be all thank you!|I hope you enjoy your time in Cambridge, have a great day!
I want to go to a particular attraction called great saint mary's church.|Sure! great saint mary's church is in the centre.  What information do you need?
What is the postcode?|The postcode for that church is CB23PQ. Would you like their phone number?
No thank you.  I also need a train that should leave on thursday and should go to cambridge.|Where will you be departing from?
I will be departing from ely.|great, do you know your departure or arrival time?
I need to arrive by 15:15|I have train TR4068 leaving at 5:35 and arriving at 5:52.
I want to confirm that I will arrive by 15:15? You stated, leaving at 5:35 and arriving at 5:52?|I think the TR4992 train will work better.  It leave ely at 13:35 and arrives at cambridge at 13:52 on thursday. Would that one work?
Yes, I'm not booking my seat just yet. All I needed was the train ID, and you have given me that. Thank you.|You are welcome, any other questions today?
That's all I need, thank you!|I hope you enjoy your time here!
I'm interested in doing something touristy in the centre, where should I stop first?|there are several college, churches and museums in that area
Those all sound interesting. Do you have any recommendations?|How about the whipple museum of the history of science located at free school lane. Their entrance fee is free.
Sure, can I have the postcode?|Certainly the post code is cb23rh. Can I assist you with anything else?
I need information about a train on Sunday, leaving after 11:45.|And can you tell me your departure site please?
I am leaving from Cambridge.|the tr7447 leaves at 13:00
That sounds great. Do they have 7 tickets available? If they do reserve the tickets and I need the reference number.|Reference number is : ZHM8KDQA. Do you need anything else?
No. Thanks for your help. You have been really nice.|You are welcome.  Have a nice time in Cambridge.  Goodbye.
Yes I am looking for a train that is leaving monday to leicester|What time would you like your train to depart?
I need it to arrive by 12:15. I don't know how long the ride is?|Where will you be departing from?
I will be leaving from cambridge.|There is a train that leaves at 9:21 and will arrive by 11:06 would you like me to book it?
Yes, for 3 people please.|Booking was successful the total is 113.4GBP and can be paid at the station. Your reference number is EKI0YZF7.
Can you also give me some information on museums in the east area? I need postcode and phone numbers.|I have 4 different ones. The best in that area is the Cambridge Artworks. It's located at 5 greens road. Their postcode is cb13ef. They offer free admission also.
That sounds great. Could you give me their phone number?|Their phone number is 01223902168.  Can I help you with anything else today?
No thanks, that will be all.|Great. Have a fantastic time! Thanks for using Cambridge TownInfo centre.
Are there any sports related entertainment venues on the west side of Cambridge?|I have no entries for that area,would you like me to check another?
Can you look for a museum in that area?|sorrry i could not find a searching matching the same
You couldn't find a museum in the west area?|Sorry yes I did, would you prefer free or is a entrance fee okay?
Either a fee or not is fine it woes not matter.|I have the lynne strover gallery or kettle's yard in the west that is free.
What is the address for Lynne Strover?|The address is 23 high street, fen ditton.
Thank you, we will try there! Now I need help finding a restaurant that serves African food that is in the same location as the museum.|There are no results for that. Is there a different type of food you'd like to try in that area?
Is there a restaurant with my criteria that serves British food?|There are 3. Two are expensive and one is moderately priced. Which would you prefer?
It does not matter. Just make a recommendation and book a table for 4 people at 13:45 on Friday.|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Reference number is : VAGMWR8S.
Okay thanks. That's all for now. Bye.|Have a great day.  Goodbye.
Are there any hotel rooms left?|the list is so broad. can you specify the price range?
I'm looking for a 4 star  guesthouse with free parking and wifi- anything in that range?|There are 16 hotels that match that description. Do you have a preference for location or price range?
i want it to be a guesthouse specifically.|Yes, we have 16 guesthouses that meet your needs. If area and price don't matter, I recommend the Acorn Guest House in the north.
Great!  Can you give me their phone number, area and address, please?|sure, it is in the north. The address is 154 chesterton road and their phone number is 01223353888.
i am also looking for a particular attraction.|I can help you with that! What is the name of the attraction you are looking for?
I'm looking for Clare College. I'd like to get the postcode, please.|Sure! The postcode is CB21TL.
Last thing I need is a taxi from Clare College to the hotel, and I need to leave by 16:30.|I have booked that taxi and your contact number is 0707064481 please look for a black ford.
thanks so much you have been very helpful!|welcome amd i am happy i helped you. have a good day
Can you help me find some attractions in town?|Yes, I have many attractions available. What area of town would you like to be in?
Centre of town would be perfect.|I have 79 places in the centre. Is there a type you are interested in?
I would like Korean food and expensive. Can you send address?|little seoul is located at 108 Regent Street City Centre. anything else for you today?
Can we go back to finding an attraction please?  I need the address and the type. Anything in the centre area will work.|holy trinity church on market street is free to visit. People go there for the architecture.
Cool, thanks. Can you help me book a table at an expensive korean restaurant in the centre?|Yes, there is one option fitting your needs. It is little seoul. Do you want to book there?
Yes, for Saturday please.|I have begun your booking but need to know the time you would like to eat and how many people will be dining
book a table for 8 people at 18:15|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Reference number is : P0DZWOUT. May I help with anything else ?
Yes, I will need a taxi to get to the restaurant in time for that reservation.|Where will you be coming from?
I'll be leaving from Holy Trinity Church.|I have booked a white skoda for you. The contact number is 07599401475.
Thanks! I feel ready for my trip now. I appreciate the help. Goodbye|Thanks for contacting Cambridge TownInfo centre. Have a great trip.
Can you find a moderate price restaurant in the centre?|We have 21. What sort of cuisine would you like?
I would like to eat Chinese food, please.|There are three moderately priced Chinese restaurants in the Centre. Would you like me to recommend one?
Yes, please. Just go ahead and make a booking with your recommendation. I'll need a table on Sunday at 11:45. It will be 8 people.|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Reference number is : 9VDXYHIH.
OK, could you maybe tell me which restaurant the reservation is at?|Jingling Noodle Bar and phone is 01223566188
I am also looking for some where fun to go in the Centre of town as well.|Thee are 5 places in the centre that people visit for their architecture - would that be fun for you? For example, you could go to see holy trinity church for free.
That sounds great. Could I get the phone number and post code please?|Yes, holy trinity church can be reached at 01223355397 and the postcode is cb23nz
No thank you. You have been a great help.|Is there anything else I can assist you with?
No that would be fine. Thank you.|Thank you for using our services.
Hi, I am looking to go to a place with multiple sports in the centre.  Can you help me?|The cherry hinton village centre is available if that works for you?
Is that a multiple sports attraction in the centre? How much does it cost?|No, the only multiple sports place is in the east. Would you prefer that one, or perhaps a different type of attraction in the centre?
I'd like to definitely see something in the centre of town. How about a museum? Can you recommend a nice one?|There are 5 museums in the centre of town. All with free admission. My favorite is Castle Galleries on St. Andrews Street.
Excellent, can I get the address and post code please?|Of course! The postcode is cb23bj and it is located at Unit su43, Grande Arcade, Saint Andrews Street. Can I assist you with anything else?
No, that is all thanks.|If you need anything else, feel free to contact us again. Have a nice day.
Hi! I am looking for a nice place for dinner. I would like something in the centre that's expensive.|I have many options for you. So what type of food are you in the mood for?
What would you suggest? I need a reservation for 6 at 12:00 on thursday and I'll need the reference number then too please.|You don't have any more specifications? Bedouin is quite nice, it serves african food. Would you like a table here?
Yes, please. I also want to find a museum in town.|There are over 11 options for a museum. May I suggest broughton house gallery?
Sure. Can I have the phone number and address?|Sure the number is 01223314960 and the address is 98 king street.
Thank you so much! I appreciate your time, that is all the help I need today.|It was a pleasure to assist you. Take care. Good day.
I 'm looking for a theatre in town.|What part of town were you interested in?
It doesn't matter what part of town, If you have one you would recommend and let me know the entrance fee, that would be great.|The Cambridge Arts Theatre is located in the centre area.  However, the entrance fee is currently unavailable.
What does "currently unavailable" mean?|Not Available means I am not able to see the price of the entrance fee.  Unfortunately all the theatre's are hiding there fee's.  Anything else I can do?
I also need a train going from Cambridge to Peterborough on Sunday.|Can you tell me if there is a time you want to leave by or arrive by?
I need to leave on Sunday and arrvie by 14:16.|OKay I will work on looking this up for you.
There will be 8 of us traveling, by the way.|train tr9327 leaves at 13:06 and gets you there by 13:56. I have booked you 8 tickets. Reference number is : ZKGGRI1B Anything else I can do?
No, thank you. That's all I need this morning.|Have a nice day, goodbye.
I am looking for a gastropub in the centre of town. What do you have?|I see there are 3 restaurants serving gastropub in the centre. Do you have a specific pricerange you'd rather?
It's a special occasion, so let's go with something expensive.|Okay, I recommend the Backstreet Bistro. It's located at 2 Sturton Street City in the centre. Would you like me to book a reservation?
I need a table for 5 people.|I'll be happy to make your reservations.  What time would be a good time and how many people are we making a reservation for?
for 5, at 17:15 on Friday.|Booking was a success!  Your reference number is: 0WLY58QY and the table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Awesome, I'm also looking for a swimming pool to go to after the restaurant. Can you find one in the same area?|Parkside pools is in that same area.
That sounds great. Could you give me their number please?|Yes, it is 01223446100. Can I do anything else for you today?
That takes care of all my needs. Thanks a bunch!|Great, you are very welcome! Take care now!
I need to get a train to bishops stortford leaving after 20:45.|Oh what day would you like to travel?
I need to leave on Sunday.|I have only two trains on Sunday matching those constraints. Would you like me to book the 21:29?
Please just tell me the price, travel time and the train ID|the TR1389 leaves at 21:29. the price is 8.08 pounds.
Great. Can you give me information on jesus green outdoor pool? I need fee amount if any, postcode, phone number and address please.|Sure. The Jesus Green Ourtdoor Pool is located between victoria road and the river at postcode cb43px and can be reached at 01223302579. I don't have any information about fees.
Okay wonderful! Thank you for all of your help!|You are very welcome. I will sign off now.
I need to find a place to eat in Centre please.|Do you prefer african or asian cuisine?
I'm looking for an inexpensive Spanish restaurant.|La Raza seems to fit your needs, would you like to make a reservation?
Yes, a table for 6, Friday at 16:00.|I was able to book your party.  Your reference number is 30DJXAZC.  The table will be held for 15 minutes.  Is there anything else I can help with?
Yeah, can you recommend a place in the area?  Preferably something college related.|Downing college is an excellent option in the city centre.
Nice, in the same area as the restaurant I see.  What is the address with postcode?|Downing College is located on Regent Street, postcode cb21dq. Can I help you with anything further today?
One more question, is there an entrance fee?|There is no entrance fee.  The phone number is 01223334860 if you should have any other questions.  Can I assist further?
No that is all, you were wonderful.  Have a great day!!|I'm so happy that I could help you. Have a great time at dinner and the college!
I'm looking for a place to go, can you help?|There are 79 attractions you can visit. Do you have location, type and price preference?
not as such. it should be affordable. that is it.|There are churches you can visit for free.
What about parks? Are there any free parks?|Sure!  I found 4 parks that are free to visit.  Is there an area that you prefer?
Are any of them in the East?|Yes Chery Hinto Water Play is in the East
How much does it cost to get in?|Cherry Hinton Water Play is free would you like the address?
Yes, I would love the address. Thank you!|The address for cherry hinton water play is cherry hinton hall, cherry hinton road, postal cb18dw, phone 01223446100, anything else that i can help with?
I would also like to find somewhere nice to eat.|There are 110 restaurants in cambridge. Do you have a preference for price, area, or food type?
I would prefer an east location and italian food would be lovely|Absolutely, I will take care of that for you right now.
I am looking for a train departing from Broxbourne after 20:15.|There are 28 available train rides from Broxbourne to Cambridge. The earliest leaves at 20:32 daily and the latest leaves at 23:32. What day would you like to ride?
Let's do that 20:32 on Wednesday please|How many tickets do you need? Price is 17.90 pounds.
1 please with the arrival time and train id.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 17.89 GBP payable at the station. Your train ID is TR6477, and your reference number is K43GMVMX. Will that be all?
I'll need to know the arrival time, please?|it will arrive at 21:32.
A need a park in centre and need a phone number and entrance fee|The Cambridge University Botanic Gardens is the only park in Centre, the phone number is 01223336265 and the entrance fee is 4 pounds.
Thank you. I think that's it for today.|Well thank you and I hope you have a wonderful day!
I'm looking for a nightclub in downtown Cambridge.|I have several, is there a price you would like to keep entrance fee under?
I don't really care. Can you suggest a place? And give me a postcode for the one you suggest please.|Soul Tree Nightclub is nice and has a 4 pounds entrance fee. The postcode is cb23qf. Can I help with anything else?
I'm also looking for a train. I need to depart from cambridge and arrive by 19:15.|There are many trains that fit your criteria. Is there a destination to narrow the search?
I would like to go to Kings Lynn on Monday.|There are many trains that day. I Have one that that gets in at 17:58, would you like me to book it?
That works for me. Book it for 2 people and I need the reference number.|Okay, I have booked your train ticket from Cambridge to Kings Lynn. Your reference number is RX3523989.
That's everything. Thank you.|You are very welcome and have a good night.
Hi, I'd like to find a cheap italian restaurant, please.|There are five cheap italian restaurants in town. Is there a particular area you prefer?
I prefer the north area of town.|Great, there is a cheap Italian place in the north part of town called Da Vinci Pizzeria. Would you like a reservation?
Yes, please make one for 7 people at 17:45 on Thursday.|I have your table reserved at the requested day and time. It will be held 15 minutes for you. The reference number is: UB24W3TP.
Sounds good. Could you also help me find a cinema in the same area?|I'm sorry. There are no cinemas in that part of town. Would you like to try a different type of attraction?
Darn! I really wanted to go to the cinema. Is there a park located in that area?|Yes, there is Milton Country Park in the north. It is free to enter.
Can I get their address please?|Absolutely. Their address is Milton Country Park, Milton. Is there anything more I can help you with?
what is the entrance fee?|Their fee is free. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I'd also like a taxi. I'd like to arrive to the restaurant by the booked time, please.|I have booked your ride, it's a yellow tesla and the contact number is 07623087287.
Thank you, you've been very helpful! That's all I'll need today!|Thank you for contacting Cambridge TownInfo centre. Goodbye!
I'm looking for information on Broughton house gallery.|Certainly! It's a museum in the centre at 98 king street cb11ln with free entrance. Their phone number is 01223314960. May I help find anything else?
Is the cb11ln the postcode?|Yes, that's the postcode. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Yes, I need a train going to cambridge.|Okay, what day would you like to travel and where will you be leaving from?
I'll be leaving Leicester and I want to be in Cambridge by 11:30, please.|Of course. What day will you be traveling?
Sunday,can you book it for me and I need a reference number,please|Sure.  Just to confirm, how many seats will you need?
5, please. Include the reference number.|You will arrive at 10:54 the reference number is 69luuzq7
Thanks so much, that's all I need today.|I hope you have a great day, goodbye!
I need a 3 star hotel in the Cambridge centre.|The Gonville Hotel is the only 3-star hotel in the city center. Would you like to book a room there?
Not sure yet.  Is it expensive?  I only like to stay in expensive hotels.|It is an expensive hotel.
Sounds good. I need it for 8, 2 nights Friday.|Your reference is BY4SOX2L. Do you need anything else?
I was also wanting to see if there is an entertainment place in the centre part of town.|There is none would you like to try another part of town?
No, but maybe there is something in the type of college?|Emmanuel college always has a lot going on, would you like more info on them?
Yes, could you give me their phone number and the entrance fee?|There is no entrance fee. The number for Emmanuel College is 01223334200. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
no thanks. thats all for today. bye.|Thank you for using our service. Have an excellent trip!
I'm looking for somewhere to eat, that's moderately priced and in the city centre.|I have 21 different choices- did you have a type of food in mind?
No, I don't, actually. Surprise me with the type of food and give me the restaurant's address.|The oak bistro is an excellent choice for british food. The address is 6 Lensfield Road.
Can you also tell me some places to go in the same area as the restaurant?|I have lots of attractions in the centre of town. Can you tell me what type of attraction you would be interested in?
It doesn't matter, anywhere will do. And can you get me the address?|The Cambridge Arts Theatre is a popular attraction in the city centre. Does that sound good to you?
Yes can I get their address please?|The address of the Cambridge Arts Theatre is 6 Saint Edward's Passage, postcode cb23pj.
I also need a taxi.|Where would you like to go and what time would you like to travel?
I want to leave the restaurant by 09:15. Please get me the contact number and car type.|Booking completed! The booked car type is a blue ford, and your contact number is 07629102425. Can I help you with anything else?
Thank you for everything, that is all that i need.|Thank you for contacting Cambridge TownInfo centre. Goodbye!
can i request a taxi from my hotel to the city center Chinese restaurant?|What is the name of the hotel you are staying at ?
Erm, nevermind, I need a nightclub in the centre of town.|There are five nightclubs in the centre of town: Ballare, Club Salsa, Kambar, Soul Tree Nightclub, and The Fez Club. Do you want to know more about any of them?
Yes, please. I need the address and postcode of the one you recommend.|Club Salsa is definately the place to be.  It is located at 1 station road, postcode: cb12jb.  Is there anything else I can help with?
Yes, I would also like to book a table at maharajah tandoori restaurant.|My pleasure, when would you like to dine at the maharajah tandoori restaurant?
I would love a reservation for Sunday for 2 people at 18:00.|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Reference number is : A5YKASS8.
Thank you so much, you've been very helpful.|You're welcome. Have a great day!
I am looking for a restaurant in the north that is in the cheap price range.|Would you prefer Indian, or Italian?
Actually I had Japanese in mind.|There are no Japanese restaurants in the cheap price range in the north part of town. Should I check another part of town?
Okay, how about Italian instead?|Da Vinci Pizzaria matches your criteria. Would you like to book a table?
No, but could you give me the postcode?|The postcode is cb41jy. Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
Could you see if there's a swimming pool in the north area, as well?|There are two swimming pools in the north area. The Jesus Green outdoor pool, and the Kings Hedges learner pool. Would you be interested in either?
Can I please have the phone number and postcode for those?|Here is the phone numbers and postcodes for both jesus green outdoor pool 01223302579 cb43px kings hedges learner pool 01223353248	cb42xh is there anything else i can assist you with?
No, that's all I need. Thank you for your help.|Your welcome! Have a nice day. Goodbye.
Any trains running on thusday?|Yes I have 404 trains that day,where will you be leaving from?
I'm leaving from Cambridge.|Where will you be going?
I am going to the Standsted airport and would like to arrive by 08:00. What would the travel time be on that?|I have train TR7966 leaving at 5:40 and arriving at 6:08. Would you like to book that?
No tickets right now, thanks, but what's the total travel time for that train?|The travel time is 28 minutes. Can I help you with anything else?
I need some place to go in the centre.|Is there a specific type of attraction you'd like? Or would you like for me to make a recommendation?
Can you make a recommendation and proved the entrance fee and postcode?|Great saint mary's church is located at cb23qp and it is 2 pounds to enter.
Great. Thank you. That's all.|You're welcome, have a great day.
I'm looking for places to go in the centre area of town.|We have 44 places to visit in the centre, any specific preferences in mind?
What would you recommend?|I'd recommend a nightclub if you don't mind paying or a museum if you're looking to do something free.
A museum sounds good. Do you have the poscode and phone number? I also need a place to stay that is moderately priced with free parking.|My favorite is the Cambridge Contemporary Art Museum and their phone number is 01223324222 and the post code is cb21su. Admission is free. When would you like a hotel?
I would just like to know what is available. Oh I also need free wifi.|Well, there are 12 guesthouses and 2 hotels in town that fit your criteria, they all offer free WiFi. Do you have a price range in mind or a star rating?
I would like a hotel in the moderate price range and it should include free parking.|I found 14 for you. Do you have a specific area you'd like?
I don't care about any particular area to be honest.|Do you have a preference of type of lodging, star rating, or internet?
I'll repeat this:  The hotel should be in the moderate price range and it should include free wifi and free parking. I don't care about the area.|How about the acorn guest house?
As long as it has everything I've been asking for, I'm good.|Most definitely. Would you like to go ahead and book a reservation?
Yes, I would. Can I get the address, area, and phone number?|It's located at 154 chesterton road, the postcode is cb41da, and you can reach them by phone at 01223353888.
Thank you.  That was all I needed.  Goodbye.|I'm sorry, the Acorn Guest House is a guesthouse.  Is that acceptable or did you want a hotel specifically?  I apologize for the confusion.
I am looking for places to go in the centre of town.  Can you help?|There are lots of places to visit in the city centre.  What type of place would you like to visit?
Is there a college I could visit?|In what area would you prefer it to be?
In the centre would be perfect!|The emmanuel college is free and it is on saint andrew's street. How does that sound?
That sounds great!! Can I have their address, and how much is the entrance fee?|It is located at saint andrew's street and it's free! Anything else?
Yes, I also need a place to stay. Are there any 4 star hotel in the north with free parking?|Do you have a price range preference?
The price doesn't matter as long as it's a 4 star hotel.|I would recommend acorn guest house. Would you like a reservation?
No, but can I have the phone number and the address?|The phone number is 01223334200 and the address is saint andrew's street.
thanks for all your help!|Is there anything else I can do for you today?
Nope, I'm all set. Thank you!|You're Welcome!  Enjoy your stay!  Goodbye.
I am looking for a college to see.|Do you have a part of town you would like to visit?
I'm not sure as I'm not familiar with the area. Do you recommend a particular college?|Clare college is nice and it is located in the west. Would you like more information on it?
Yes, may I please have the address and postcode?|their address is trinity lane,cb21tl. phone number is 01223333200. anything else?
I would also like to find a Japanese restaurant, if there are any in town.|Cambridge does have one Japanese restaurant in the centre of town. It's expensive but well worth it. Would you like me to book it for you?
Yes, please. I would need a reservation on Sunday for 3 at 11:30.|You're all set! Your reference number is AWAEPKRT.
Thank you for your help!|You're welcome. Is there anything else?
I will need a book a taxi to commute between the two places|what time would you like?
I need to be at the restaurant at 11:30.|Ok.  I have reserved a white skoda.  The contact number is 07229892999.
That is all, thanks for your assistance.|It was my pleasure.
Hey I am looking for a swimming pool to go to while in Cambridge. Can you find me one|I have 4 swimming pools to choose from. 2 are in the north, and I have one in the east and centre. Do you have a preference?
I think the one in the East would be best.  Can you give me an address for it?|Sure!  Abbey Pool and Astroturf Pitch is at Pool Way, Whitehill Road, off Newmarket Road.  Would you like the phone number?
naw, but i'm looking for some food|What type of food.
I would really like to get really great Chinese food. Can you suggest an expensive chinese place?|Sure, there are a number of options.  Is there a particular area of town you were interested in?
I don't have a area of town preference.|Yes!  There are 5 that I have found.  One in the East, 2 South, 1 North and 1 Centre.  Would you like the address of any of them?
Yes please. Please make sure the restaurant has a table available for booking for seven people on sunday at 13:15.|I booked you a table at Hakka (ref #7K0C5AJN). They're on the east side at Milton Road, Chesterton.
Great that's all I needed. Thanks for your help. Bye.|Glad to be of service! Goodbye!
Hello, can you give me information about the hotel Express by Holiday Inn Cambridge, please?|Of course, what would you like to know?
I would like the phone number and area of town in which it is located.|01223866800. It is in the East. Is there anything else?
Yes, I would like some information about an attraction called Parkside Pools, please.|Sure. It's a swimming pool in the centre area. Do you need additional information?
Just the postcode and phone number.|The post code is cb11ly and the phone number is 01223446100.
Great, thanks!  That's all I needed.  Thanks for your help.|You're welcome. Have a great day!
I want to go visit a college in the east part of town please.|I was unable to find any colleges in the east part of town.
Okay, what about an attraction that is in the type of entertainment?|Yes, I recommend the Funky Fun House. With a name like that, how can you go wrong?
Sounds awesome! Is there an entrance fee?|Unfortunately I don't have any information about the entrance fee. Is there any other information you need to know?
Sure, just the address and phone number will be fine.|Alright, here you are, the address is 8 mercers row, mercers row industrial estate and the phone number is 01223304705. Can I find any other information for you?
No, that is all I need.  Thanks and bye.|Thank You. Have a nice day, goodbye.
Can you help me find a train going to Ely?|Sure, what day would you like to travel and is there a certain time you want to leave?
I want to leave on Monday after 17:00.|I was able to get you 1 ticket your confirmation number is B8TP1EAA, anything else?
What is the price for that ticket?|The ticket costs 4.40 pounds. Will that be all?
What is the travel time?|You depart at 17:50, arrive by 18:07, and the duration is 17 minutes. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes - are there any multiple sports attractions in the center of town?|the cherry hinton village centre offers multiple sports and is located at colville road, cherry hinton.
Can you help me get a train going to Bishops Stortford?|Do you have a departing time or arriving time ?
I need to leave cambridge after 9:45 on thursday.|okay, the TR2929 leaves at 11:29 and arrives by 12:07. Would you like me to book tickets?
That sounds good. I need it for 4 people on thursday, please.|Your booking was successful and your reference number is TGDYE9A4. 40.40 GBP will be payable at the station. Can I do anything else for you?
Yes, please. I'm looking for a theatre in the centre.|Yes I have several. Would you like me to recommend one to you?
Yes that would be great, thank you|I'd recommend adc theatre. Would you like more information on it?
Yes, can you get me the entrance fee please.|I'm sorry, that information is not available to me.
Is there a number I can call to get the entrance fee information?|You can call them at 01223300085.  What else can I do for you?
What is the entrance fee?|The entrance fee is not listed so i encourage you to call to inquiry about the fee.
I want to find an attraction called Primavera.|Primavera is a free museum in the center of town. Would you like their address or phone?
Great can I get the postcode for it?|their postcode is 	cb21sj
Thank you.  Have you heard of a particular restaurant, I think it's called Gourmet Burger Kitchen?|that is an expensive restaurant in centre. Would you like reservations
Yes I would, could you book a table for 2 at 18:15 on Tuesday?|I was able to make a booking for you. Your reference number is TD2BO4CX.
Thank you, goodbye, have a great day|Do you need me to book anything else or look up anymore info?
Yes I would like information on the Cambridge Belfry.|Yes the Belfry is located in the west and is in the cheap price range but is rated highly at 4 stars. Would you like me to book that for you?
Yes, I would. I'd like to book a room for 3 nights starting on Saturday for 1 person.|I've successfully booked your room at The Cambrdige Belfry (Reference #RQ3Z4L32). Can I help with anything else today?
Thank you I am also looking for an attraction in the centre of town too|There are many attractions available, including architecture, college, and museum. Are you looking for a specific type of attraction?
Can you provide me with the address and phone number of a museum in the centre?|Primavera is located at 10 King S Parade. The phone number is 01223357708.
Great, thanks for all your help!|Is there anything else I can help you with today?
That is all I need for today. Thank you for your time!|We're happy to be of service. Enjoy your time in cambridge!
Do you know of any places in the south that serve Italian food?|We have pizza hut cherry hinton which is moderately priced or frankie and bennys which is expensive.  Would you like me to book one of those?
Sure, lets go with Frankie and Bennys.|Alright, I will need to know how many people are in your party, and what time/day you would like to book for.
I need a table for eight at 15:30 on Sunday.|Alright, I have a table for 8 booked at 15:30 on Saturday. your reference number is 12263FX1.
Can you also give me the name of a theatre that is also in the south part of town?|The Junction Theatre is in the south area. Would you like the phone number?
No, but the address would be nice.|Sure, The Junction Theatre is on Clifton Way.
Great, thank you.  Could you help with booking a taxi?|I certainly can when and where will you be leaving from, and where would you like to go?
I'd like a taxi from Junction Theatre to our restaurant. Please make sure it will arrive in time for our reservations.|I have booked you a taxi that will pick you up at 15:00. The car type booked is a grey skoda and the contact number is 07952875900.
I think that's all I need for today. Thank you so much for all your help.|You're welcome! Have a nice day. Goodbye.
I am looking for a train leaving Cambridge.  I need to arrive by 18:45.|Okay and what is your destination and what day would you like to travel?
I want to go from Bishops Stortford to Cambridge on Sunday.|The TR5298 train arrives at 18:07. Would you like me to book it?
book for 5people and get me the reference number|You are all set the reference number is FH7BXL3F, the 5 tickets will come to 40.4 GBP.
Are there any attractions when we get there?|There are many fine attractions in Cambridge. If you don't care about the area, I recommend the Botanic Gardens in the center of town.
What about some kind of boating attraction?|There are 4 I recommend scudamores punting co it's located in the centre of town. Would that interest you?
Sure can you give me the postcode?|Sure, it's cb21rs.
Thanks, that is all for now. Goodbye.|I'm glad I could help.  Enjoy your visit.
I'm interested in finding a train to peterborough on Wednesday please|I can help!  What time are you looking to depart?
on wednesday by 8 15 please|Ok, I've got train TR3730 that leaves at 07:06 and would put you in Peterborough by 07:56. Would that work for you?
Yes that will work great can you book me 2 tickets?|Booking was successful, the total fee is 33 GBP payable at the station. Reference number is : J7JWEILX.
Great, I'm also looking for a swimming pool in the north. Can you find me one?|There are 2 to choose from - Jesus Green Outdoor Pool and Kings Hedges Learner Pool. Which would you prefer?
Either is fine, I just need the postcode.|The postcode is cb43px.  Anything else.
No that takes care of all my needs for now. Thanks! Bye!|You are welcome. Glad I could help.
Where can I find the Queen's College?|Queen's College is on the west side of town, on Silver Street. Their postcode is cb39et.
Can you verify the type of place this is and the address please?|It is a college and the address is silver street. Anything else I can help you with?
I'm looking for restaurant in the centre area that serves European food please.|I have several listed from moderate to expensive.  Do you have a preference?
The nearest one to the hotel.|What hotel are you staying at?
Actually, I don't need one near a hotel. I just need the phone number and address of an expensive one.|Yes the Eraina is expensive and their address is Free School Lane City Centre and their telephone is 01223368786
Alright, I want you to book me a taxi from Queen's College to the Eraina. I'll be leaving the college at 12:00.|I have booked you a blue skoda. The contact number is 07822607219
Thank you very much. That was all I will be needing today.|Ok thank you for using this service and have a nice day.
I need a college in the centre.|There are 5. Christ's college, corpus christi, downing, emmanuel and gonville and caius anyone in particular?
I have no preference.  Could recommend one and provide the entrance fee and address.|Sure, Downing College is located on Regent Street and admission is free.
Great! Thanks.  I'm also looking for a restaurant called Rice Boat.|Rice Boat is an Indian restaurant at 37 Newnham Road Newnham wich is in the west part of town.
Can you book a reservation for me?  I need a table for 7 on Sunday.  At 19:15, if possible.|Booking was unsuccessful. Do you want to book another day or time slot?
Can you please try and book it for 18:15 instead?|The booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Reference number is : DGJK87XC.
Thanks. I will also need a taxi to the restaurant for our reservation.|I have booked you a taxi. it is a blue tesla and the contact number is 07695884119
Thank you for your help. Have a nice day!|You're welcome, and you, too.
Would you be able to tell me whether there are any multiple sports venues in the center of town?|There no places that match those criteria, but there is one in east.
Actually, let's try looking for a college instead and still in the centre of town.|There are 13 colleges in the center of town. Most of them are free. Downing College on Regent Street is beautiful. Would you like the phone number?
Yes, may I please get the phone number and the postcode as well?|Yes, the phone number is 01223334860 and the post code is cb21dq.
I'm also looking for somewhere to dine.  Can you help with that?|Absolutely, what kind of food would you like?
I want some Portuguese food in the same area.|Okay I have one in the center of town called Nandos City Center. Would you like a reservation or their telephone number?
I'd like you to reserve a table for me at 15:15 on Friday for 1 person.|Your table for 1 has been booked. Reference number is : G48PAWW0. Will you need a taxi?
Not, that's all for today. Goodbye !|So glad I could help. Have a wonderful day.  Goodbye!
What are some good museums to visit?|I have 23 museums in my database. Is their a area you are interested in visiting?
Anything that you would recommend in the east, I just need the place along with the address postal code and entrance fee.|cambridge museum of technology costs 5 pounds.  The post code is cb58ld.
Thank you,I also need to find a guesthouse,that is cheap ?|I have many guesthouses available. Do you know what area you'd like to be in?
I don't have and area preference.|The Allenbell is a guesthouse	in the east and it is inexpensive. Would you like me to book it?
How many stars does it have?|Allenbell has 4 stars.
Does it have free wifi?  And can you get me the address to Cambridge Museum of Technology that I asked you for?|It does have free wifi and the address is 5 greens road
Okay thank you. I would also like a taxi to and from the Cambridge Museum of Technology.|Where will your destination be?
cambridge museum of technology.|And where would you like to be picked up?
i want to be picked up at the hotel by 11:45|Your taxi is booked. You will be picked up in a grey Audi. The contact number is 07957190681. Do you help with anything else today?
Nope, that's all! Thank you!|Thank you for calling. Please call again if you have additional questions. Goodbye!
i want you to recommend a place to go in the centre that is  type of entertainment|I'm sorry there are no entertainment attractions in the centre. Is there another area or attraction type you would be interested in?
Okay, how about a nightclub?|there is none in that area. do you mind changing the area?
I was really hoping to find one in that area.|I'm sorry, I was mistaken. I have 5 options for nightclubs in the centre. I like club salsa, personally.
Could you please give me Club Salsa's address and postcode?|Sure, Club Salsa is located at 1 Station Road, cb12jb.  Would you like any additional information?
I am also looking for someplace in the moderate price range, a room with free wifi.|We have many options. Would you like to narrow it down by area or stars?
I would like it to be 2 stars, and a hotel.|There are two hotels in the north that fit your needs: the ashley hotel and the lovell lodge. Do you have a preference?
Let's try the Lovell Lodge.|Okay! Would you like for me to book you a room?
Yes please. I'll need it for 3 nights starting Sunday for 5 people.|OK, 3 nights starting Sunday for 5 guests. Your Reference number is : DUYCGOB2.
Thanks I also need a taxi to leave Club Salsa.|Sure, will you be going back to Lovell Lodge, and at what time?
I would want to return by 2:45.|Booking completed!
Booked car type	:	white volkswagen
Contact number	:	07255014387
Can i help you with anything else today?
no thanks, that is okey for today|Okay, well if you need anything else you know where to find me! Have a good one! Bye!
I'm looking for places to go in town. Maybe a swimming pool?|I can help with that. There are 4 swimming pools available; they're in east, north, and centre. Would you like more information?
Well instead, how about some kind of entertainment in the southern part of the city.|Yes I have two options: Nusha and Tenpin. Interested in either?
What is the entrance fee for those two options?|I am unsure of the entrance fee, you will have to call the venue's for prices, would you like the phone numbers?
Yes, I would like the phone numbers. I am also looking for a cheap asian restaurant.|The phone numbers are 01223902158 for nusha and 08715501010 for tepin. What area would are you looking for the restaurant in?
It doesn't matter.|There are two Asian places, would you liked me to book one of them?
What are their prices?|The prices for these  restaurants are cheap.
Thank you can I get the area, postcode, and address of tepin?|Sorry, I'm a little confused. Are you looking for information on the attraction Tenpin, or one of the restaurants?
The restaurant please.|The telephone number for the Dojo is 01223363471 and the telephone number for the J restaurant is 01223307581.
I also need their address and postcodes please|j restaurant is located at 86 Regent Street City Centre, postcode cb21dp.
Great! I'll also need a taxi to go between the two. I'll need to leave the restaurant by 08:00.|I booked a Yellow Skoda, contact number 07937936752.  It will pick you up from J Restaurant and bring you to Tenpin.  Will that be all today?
No, that will be all, thank you.  You have been very helpful and also patient.  Have a great day.|Thank you for using our service, and enjoy your time in Cambridge!
Can you help me find the a and b guest house hotel?|Absolutely. the A and B Guest House is on the east side of town and has a moderate price range. Would you like to book a room there?
Yes, one person staying for two nights starting Monday. Can you book that?|I'm sorry but I could not book that. Would you be able to book another day or a shorter stay?
That is unfortunate.  I can cut my stay down to a single night if that helps.|The booking was successful. The reference number is DAA8L07B. Anything more?
Yes, I'm also looking for something to do on the north side of town.|There is swimming, boating, and a park.  Which do you prefer?
Swimming would be fine.|I have Jesus Green outdoor pool, located between Victoria and the river and Kings hedged learner pool, Jedburh court and King Hedges.
Can I have the postcode for that pool please?|The postcode for Jesus Green outdoor pool is cb43px. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, that's all. Thank you.|Great! Have fun! Goodbye!
Can you help me find a train leaving Norwich after 13:30? Thanks.|I sure can. What day do you plan to travel?
Yes, I am traveling on Wednesday.|The TR1892 will get you there by 15:35, just one ticket then?
I need reservations for 7 people and I need the reference number.|I was able to get the tickets the fee is 123.20 gbp payable at the station and the reference number is BIBJ2DS0. Do you need anymore help today?
Thank you! I am also looking for places to go in the Centre part of town. Can you help me with that, please?|Sure thing, I would suggest the old schools.
What are the old schools? Do you mean colleges?|No, old schools is a tourist attraction in the centre. It's located on trinity lane and there's no charge to check it out.
What is the phone number please?|The phone number is 01223332320.
I guess I'll go call them. Thanks a lot. Bye.|Ok, have a great day!
I am looking for a restaurant in the centre of town.|I'll be happy to help you with that. Is there a certain type of food you would prefer?
I would like a restaurant that serves european food in the expensive price range please.|There are 2 restaurants that meet your criteria; Eraina and Michaelhouse Cafe. They are both in the centre of town.
Great, can I have the phone number and address for Erania please?|Sure, their phone is 01223368786 and their address is Free School Lane City Centre cb23rh. May I help with anything else?
Yes, I'm also looking for an attraction called Ruskin Gallery. Can you get me some info on that?|The Ruskin Gallery is in the centre area and the phone number is 01245493131. Would you like the address?
No address needed, thank you. I have all the information I need.|Is there anything else I can help you with today?
I also need a taxi to get me between the gallery and restaurant, I want to leave the restaurant by 13:15|Alright, I have your taxi booked. It will be a red lexus, and the contact number is 07952562480
Thank you very much, that will be all you can do for me for today.|Glad I could be of assistance, have a good day!
I am looking for boating places can town, can you tell me if there are any available?|There is boating in the east, north, and in the centre. Do you have a preference?
No, i just want to know the entrance fee.|I'm sorry, I don't have any information on the entrance fees.  Would you like the phone numbers?
No, but can I get the postcode and address of the one in the East, please?|Camboats is found in the east. Their postcode is cb58sx and their number is 01223902112
I need the address as well please?|Their address is the plough, green end, fen ditton. Is there anything else you need?
Yes, I need to catch a train to Cambridge for Sunday. I'll be departing from bishops stortford.|What time would you like to arrive?
I need to arrive by 21:30 please.|Okay! The latest one that you can take leaves at 19:29. Would you like me to book that for you?
What is the arrival time?|the train will arrive by 14:07 or earlier if you need.
I'll take the latest one. Please get me 6 ticketss|Your tickets have been booked. Your reference number is MNOJ7KDZ.
Thank you so much. I appreciate your help.|What else can I look up for you?
Nothing, that is all that I need. Thank you.|Thank you and have a wonderful day!
i will be in Cambridge and i need a place to go in the east|Sure, what type of attraction are you interested in?
Anything in the east.|can yo narrow that down
I don't care really.  What is one of the most popular ones?|Camboats is a nice place that I reccommend
Can you give me the postcode, please?|The postcode is cb58sx.  How else can I assist you?
I want a cheap restaurant please in the same area as the attraction.|How does The Missing Sock sound? It meets your criteria, and I would be happy to book it for you.
I want a restaurant that serves international food|Ok the missing sock actually serves international food. Would you like me to book for you?
I don't need a booking at the moment but could you provide me with their phone number?|Certainly, the phone number for the missing sock is 01223812660. Can I assist you with anything else today?
Thank you.  That will be all I need.|Okay, have a wonderful visit in Cambridge!
Good Morning, I am planning a trip in Cambridge and I'm looking for places to go in town.|Sure, there is much to see in Cambridge.  Do you have any preferences?
We will be staying in the east part of town, somewhere near there would be fine.|There's 10 attractions in the east. Are you interested in a museum?
A museum is fine. Could I get the postcode and address please.|Cambridge artworks is found at 5 greens road. Their postcode is cb13ef.
Thanks! I'm also looking for a gastropub in the same area that I'd like to book for 1 on Saturday at 17:45.|Royal Standard is a fantastic gastropub in the east. I booked the reservation for you on Saturday at 17:45. The reference number is 8JAQFYI2. Is there anything else you need?
I believe that's all.|I'm so glad I could help.  Enjoy your stay in Cambridge! Goodbye.
i am looking for a place to eat in the centre that serves  creative food.|We have no restaurants that serve creative food anywhere in Cambridge. Can I find you a different style of restaurant in the  center?
What expensive restaurants are in the centre?|There are quite a few.  asian, british, african, or a gastropub are just a few choices. Do you have an idea of the cuisine you'd like to try?
I would like to try Italian food.|I have several. Would you like me to suggest one for you?
If you could, just go ahead and pick an expensive one. I'll need a table booked on Monday at 19:30. It will be 6 people.|How about clowns cafe? It's expensive.
Ok, please book me for 6 people at 19:30 on monday.|Alright your booking number is 3HZR0O30. How else may I help you?
I am also looking for a particular attraction. Its name is called magdalene college.|Yes, it is located in the west area and has the postcode CB30AG. It is on Magdalene Street and has a free entrance fee.
Thank you! What is the attraction type?|It is a college. Is there anything else I can do for you today?
that should be all. thank you very much.|Let us know if you need help further.
Hello, I am going to be visiting Cambridge soon and I am interested in what attractions are in the centre.|I can help you with that!  There are many different types, and many people love the architecture attractions.  Would you like to hear more about one of those?
Yes. Tell me more.|Little saint mary's church is a great place to visit. It is located on little saint mary's lane in the centre of town and its free to get it.
Ok, thanks! What about a train to get me to Cambridge?|Where will you be departing from?
I will be leaving from Stansted Airport.|What time would you like to leave or arrive by?
The train needs to leave after 16:45 on Tuesday please.|Tr2101 is leaving at 17:24, would you like me to book tickets and if so how many people?
Thank you for the train ID, what is the travel time for that train?|The travel time is 28 minutes. May I be of further assistance?
Nope! Thanks for everything. That's all I needed.|If we can be of further assistance, please reach out to us again. Good-bye.
I'm looking for a park in the centre of town to visit.|Cambridge university botanic gardens is a wonderful park located on bateman street. Entrance fee is 4 pounds. Is there anything else I can help you with?
That sounds great, can I get its address and phone number?|The park is located at Bateman Street and the phone number is 01223336265. Can I help you with anything else?
No, that is all. Thanks!|You are welcome.  Bye.
I can't wait to go to the adc theatre, in cambridge. How do I get there?|Sure their address is Park Street and their telephone number is 01223300085. Would you like me to book you a taxi to get there?
Yes please but can I have the postcode as well?|The postcode of the ADC Theatre is cb58as. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Can you find a restaurant that serves international food that isnt so expensive?|The Varsity Restaurant is located in the centre and has moderate pricing. Would you like for me to book you a reservation?
I would like to see if I can reserve a table for 5 on Saturday at 12:15 if possible.|I'm sorry, that day and time is not available. Would you like to try a different day or time?
would 11:15 work instead?|Yes that time will work. Would you like me to book that table for you?
Yes please. Can I get a reference number also?|I have booked your table. Your reference number is T7YC5FUQ. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I need a train to Norwich on Tuesday.|I absolutely can.  What time would you wish to leave on Tuesday?
Never mind. I don't need a train. I am all set.|If there is nothing further, I want to wish you a great day.
I'm looking for information on an attraction called lynne strover gallery.|It's in west and it is free to get in. Is that all?
What type of attraction is Lynne Strover Gallery and what is the address of the Gallery?|Lynne Strover Gallery is a museum located at 23 high street, fen ditton, postcode cb30aq. Do you need anything else?
Yes I need a train departing Cambridge after 16:30.|I can help you with that. What's your destination and what day and time would you like to leave?
It is going to peterborough and should leave on thursday and I need it to leave after 16:30.|I have the TR8132 which leaves at 16:34. How many tickets please?
I would like 4 tickets please.|Tickets are 16.50 pounds each.  Would you like me to reserve your tickets?
I'm just looking for a hotel to stay at tonight please.|There are many options. Do you have a price range or area you would like to stay in?
I want to stay in the north. Are there any 2-star hotels with free wifi?|Yes I would suggest lovell lodge would you like me to book it?
Is that a hotel or a guesthouse, please? And what is their postcode?|It is a hotel and the postcode is cb41sr. Would you like me to book this for you?
Not at the moment, but you can help me with one more thing? I'd like info on a particular attraction called Lynne Strover Gallery.|i have their info, what would you like to know?
I need their phone number and address.|adress is 365 milton road and phone is 0122345425478
I am looking for a restaurant in the centre of town that serves Mexican food.  Preferably, some place that is cheap to moderately priced. Are there any in that area?|I'm sorry, my system is not allowing me to look up Mexican Restaurants in the Center of town. Is there anything else I can help with?
Yes, I'm not looking for a restaurant right now, I'm actually looking for a train. I need to go to cambridge from birmingham new street on Saturday after 15:15.|I have found 9 available trains. The first leaves at 15:40 and they leave every hour after that. Would you like me to book one for you?
Yes the 15:40 sounds good. Can you book it for 5 people please?|Your booking was successful and the total fee is 300.39 GBP payable at the station. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Actually, could you get me some information about museums in the area?|We actually have 23 restaurants in town! Is there a certain area you'll be in?
I'm not looking for a restaurant, I want a museum. You can choose it.|How about the Museum of Archaeology and Anthropology, in the centre? Admission is free.
Great. Could you also get me their postcode?|The postcode is cb23dz. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Thank you that's all that I needed today.|It was a pleasure to assist you.  Have a nice day.
I am looking for information in Cambridge and looking for places to go in town. Can you assist?|Definitely. We have many attractions in Cambridge. What type of place are you looking for, or in which area of town?
I would like to visit a college.  I'm not sure what area, where are most located? Also, please provide the entrance fee.|Most colleges are located in the centre area, the entrace fee varies, anywhere from free to 2.50 pounds.
Great info. I need help with a train to london kings cross that leaves after 14:00.|What is your departure day and site?
It will be from cambridge on saturday.|There are 5 trains travelling that route at that time. When do you want to arrive?
It doesn't matter what time I arrive|Alright. Trains from cambridge to kings cross leave on the hour every other hour, starting at 15:00 and running to 23:00. Would you like to book a trip?
Yes, can I get the train ID please?|We will get you setup on train ID TR6203, arriving in london kings cross at 15:51.
Great! I will go ahead and book it on my own but thanks so much for the information. That's all for today.|Hey, it's no problem at all! I hope you enjoy your time in Cambridge and please remember to contact the Cambridge TownInfo centre whenever you need to!
I need a train ride to peterborough that departs from cambridge|There are many available, is there a specific day and time you'd like to leave on?
Sorry going to peterborough to cambridge friday and would like to get there by 16:45 please.|I would recommend train TR9859 that arrives at 05:56.
Yes, thank you, can I get the price for that please?|The cost per ticket is 16.50 pounds. Can I book you a ticket?
i would also like places to go in the centre of town|Sure, what type of places are you interested in?
Anything that seems fun in the centre. Maybe a museum?|I have 11 different museums. Might I suggest the Primavera. It just began displaying a new set of exhibits. Would you like more info on it?
I need the phone number, postcode, and address.|Sure, it's located at 10 king s parade cb21sj and can be reached at 01223357708. May I help with anything else?
No, that's all. Thank you for your help!|You're very welcome!  Thank you for contacting the Cambridge TownInfo centre.
I would like to take a train from Cambridge to Kings Lynn.|What day and time?
Leave after 17:00 on Sunday.|Train 8665 leaves Cambridge at 17:11 and arrives in Kings lynn at 17:58.  How does that sound?
Great. Please book it for 4 people.|I have booked that for you! The reference number is C63RMSDC and you will owe 31.36 at the station. Do you need anything else?
I would also line places to go that is entertainment and should be in the centre of town.|I'm sorry, there are no such places.  Can I change your search criteria?
Yes there is. I saw it in the pamphlet. Check again please.|I apologize. I have doubled checked and there is no entertainment venues in the centre. The entertainment venues that I do have are located in the east, south and west.
I'm quite sure that there are colleges in the centre of town. Can you ask a manager to help you look?|Okay there is the Christ's College located at Saint Andrew's Street and it's free.  Also Corpus Christi College, King's Parade cost 2 pounds.
I need to find a hotel quick, can you make it happen?|Definitely! Do you have an area or price range in mind?
Yes, I'd like to stay in the East part of town.  I prefer something expensive also.|I have the express by holiday inn cambridge. 15-17 norman way, coldhams buisness park. Would you like to book there?
Yes that would be great, thank you.|When would you like your booking for?
I need it booked for 3 people for 5 nights starting Saturday.|Your reservation has been made for 3 people, 5 days beginning Saturday. Your reference number is:  UX99D4XR. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
I would also like a place to go in the same area as the hotel.|What sort of place are you looking for?
What is the postcode for the hotel? I would also like to visit a museum.|The hotel postcode is cb13lh. There are 4 museums in the area I recommend cambridge museum of technology. It cost 5 pounds but there are free art museums.
That technology museum sounds interesting. Do you have the postcode, please?|yes its cb13ef can I help you with anything else ?
I need a place to go in the centre for entertainment.|There are no attractions under the entertainment classification in Centre. Would you like to try another attraction type or area perhaps?
Could you please check for architecture?|I could recommend some church's and old schools to visit, would that be ok?
I would like to visit an old school. What is your recommendation?|I recommend a place called "Old Schools" It is known for it's architecture.  Located in the Centre on Trinity Lane.  Does that work?
Yes, I just need the address and postal code. Also, what is the entrance fee?|The address is Trinity Lane postcode cb21tt.  No entry fee!  Anything else I can help you with?
I am also wanting to reserve a table at a place called Cote. Can you help me with that?|Sure.  When would like the reservation for and how many people will be in your party?
Can you book me a table for Wednesday at 17:30 for a party of 5?|It looks like they are already booked for that time slot. Do you have another time you could go?
Yes. how about for 16:30?|Booking for 16:30 is set, the reference number is NDSJBN3W, may I assist with anything else?
I will also need a taxi to from Old Schools to Cote. I need to make sure they arrive soon enough for me to make it to dinner on time.|I was able to book that taxi for you. Be looking for a black Tesla. If you need to contact them, their phone number is 07900626607. Anything more I can do?
Great that's all I needed today, thank you!|You're welcome! Have a great day!
I'm looking for a boat attraction in the south.|There are plenty attractions to choose from.
Any in the south?|I am not finding a boat attraction in the South.  There are other types of attractions.  Did you have anything else in mind?
Sure, how about a theatre attraction?|The Junction is a theatre in the south side on Clifton Way. Would you like more information about it?
Okay, thank you. May I get the entrance fee please? And also the address?|I'm sorry, I not have the information about the entry fee.
Okay.  Can you just provide the address?|The address is simply Clifton Way. No number.
I need a train on sunday from cambridge to kings lynn. I'd like to arrive by 09:45. How long is the travel and what is the price? What is train ID?|I can put you on TR8042 leaving Cambridge Sunday at 8:11 and arriving at 8:58.  It will take 47 minutes and costs 7.84 pounds.
No, I don't need the booking today.|Is there anything else I can help you with?
That is all, thank you!|Thank you, I'm glad that I could help!
Hi, I am looking for architectural churches in the Cambridge area. Can you assist?|I have several churches listed, although none shown as architectural. May I offer a list for your consideration?
Yes that would be great.|It appears that there are not any located in Cambridge.  Would you like me to find you one outside of Cambridge?
Sorry, I needed to find a museum in town. Can you help me with that instead?|I recommend Byard Art Gallery in the south. It's free to get in!
Could I have the phone number please? I also need a train leaving from Cambridge and going to Birmingham New Street on Saturday, leaving by 13:15.|011223464646, is the phone. When will you travel?
I will travel on Saturday.|unfortunately the earliest train that day leaves at 14:01. would that be ok?
I need to ARRIVE by 13:15. Tickets for 3 and the reference # too please|I have you book at TR7683 leaving at 10:01 your confirmation number is A2H0EFPT. anything else i can help you with?
That's it. Thank you for your help today.|You are very welcome. It has been a pleasure assisting you today. Goodbye
Good Evening, I guess I am in charge of the planning the trip to Cambridge.   I am looking for some places to go when we arrive.|What area of cambridge will you be visiting?
We will be mainly in the West part of town.  Are there any nightclubs around that area?|I have no nightclubs in that area,would you like e to look in another area?
How about a college instead?|Why yes, there are five colleges actually.
Excellent. Can I get the entrance fee and postcode of one of them?|queens' college is found in silver street	and entrance fee is 2.50 pounds. post code is cb39et
I would also like to find a room in the West of town.|on what price range do you want your Hotel?
It doesn't matter, whatever is available is fine.|The Cambridge Belfry has gotten great reviews. It's a 4-star cheap hotel in the west.  Would you like to go with that?
Does it have free parking and wifi?|Yes, it has free parking and internet
Can you book that starting for Thursday?|I will need to know how many guests are staying and for how many nights
Sure, 1 night and 5 people.|Booking was successful.
Reference number is : DGQ74G0U. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
No that is all thank  you for all your help. Have a great day.|Thank you and enjoy your stay in our lovely city!
I'm looking for a hotel, I'm excited to see some tourist attractions so there needs to be free parking.|There are several with free parking.  Is there a part of town you are interested in?
Maybe you could suggest one in the moderate price range.|Acorn Guest House in the north has 4 stars and offers parking.
Sounds great! Does it have free wifi?|The Acorn Guest House does offer free wifi. Would you like to book a room?
I'm not ready to book just yet.  Could you just give me the phone number?|Sure! The phone number to the Acorn Guest House is 	01223353888. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes. I was looking to find some place to go in town.|there are about 79 cool places to check out in town
Well give me your favorite|I like the Riverboat Georgina myself.  Do you want the number there?
I would like a cinema.|I have two cinemas in town for you, the Cineworld Cinema and Vue Cinema.  Would you like information on any of these?
I'd prefer a cinema that's in the south part of town.|The cineworld cinema is in the south part of town at cambridge leisure park, clifton way. Is there anything else I can do for you?
That sounds great. Can you provide me with Cineworld Cinema's postcode and phone number please?|No problem. Their number is 	00872208000 and their postcode is cb17dy.
Thanks! That's all I needed. Goodbye!|Great! Glad to have been of assistance. Thanks for using our service.
Hi I need to book a guesthouse with free wifi in Cambridge please|Did you have a price range in mind, or a particular section of the city?
I would like one in the moderate price range.|Great, I have several options for you. Is there an area of town you prefer?
Anywhere in town, need two rooms for three people for 5 nights beginning on Monday next week. Can you give me a confirmation number as well, please?|I have the a and b guesthouse in the east that is a 4 star moderatly price guesthouse.  Would you like to make reservations?
Yes. I need it for three for five nights starting from Monday on.|i have successfully booked. Reference number is : 7PPQG9Q1
I'm also looking for an attraction to go to in the centre. Do you have any recommendations?|Yes, I would suggest the old schools.
Excellent. What's the postcode?|The postcode is cb21tt. Is there anything else I can help you with?
That is everything, you were so helpful.|You're welcome, glad I could help.
Hello, I'd like some information about colleges in the area that are interesting to visit|Which area do you prefer?
I don't care, do you have any suggestions?|I suggest Christ's College in the center area. Entrance is free.  The address is Saint Andrew's Street, the phone is 01223334900.  Would you like the postcode?
Thanks. I also need  train going to cambridge on tuesday.|Where would you like to depart from?
I need to leave from Leicester, and the train should arrive by 10:45 please.|Ok, there are 4 trains that meet that criteria, what time would you like to leave by?
I don't care when I depart, please book me one that is closest to the 10:45 arrival in cambridge. I just need one ticket.|Certainly, I have booked TR4734 arriving at 09:54 your reference number is  VZ5HHW3E. Can I help with anything else?
That will be all, thank you. Have a great day.|You're welcome!  Have a great day!
I'm coming to Cambridge to visit, and I'd like to try some Chinese food in the centre. Can you help me, please?|We have ten restaurants that match that description . What is your price range?
I would like a restaurant in the moderate price range.|Jinling Noodle Bar is a moderately priced Chinese restaurant in the centre of town. Would you like to make a reservation?
I don't need a reservation right now, but if you could give me the phone number, postcode, and address, that would be great.|Jinling noodle bar's phone number is 01223566188. It's located at 11 Peas Hill City Centre postcode cb23pp. How else may I assist you?
I am interested in some attractions in the centre as well.  What is there?|There are several old churches, colleges, and there are museums and theatres.
Can you recommend a theatre?|I've got the adc theatre located in the center of town.  How would that do?
Sure. What is the postcode?|The postcode for the ADC Theatre is cb58as. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, could you help me book a taxi from Jinling noodle bar to ADC please? I would like it to arrive at the restaurant by 10:45.|Of course.  A yellow bmw will pick you up at the Jingling Noodle Bar at 10:45.  The contact number is 07447453701.  Do you need anything else?
Great, that is everything I needed. Thanks!|Thank you, goodbye.
Sure. No problem. Bye now.|Enjoy the rest of your day.
I need a train leaving on a Sunday and arriving by 21:15.|Okay, I can help you with that. Where will you be traveling?
From London Kings Cross to Cambridge.|TR1681 will arrive at 20:08, would that work for you?
Yes, that sounds good.  Please book a ticket on TR1681 for 6 people for me.|The booking was successful, your reference number is EAWIQ7HX. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, I'm looking for places to see in the south.|There is a  cinema, two entertainment facilities, a museum, and a nightclub. Would you like more info about any of those?
Can you give me the address for the cinema?|Sure thing! You are looking for Cineworld Cinema and the address is Cambridge Leisure Park, Clifton Way.  Can I help you with anything more today?
Yes, can you provide me with their phone number?|Their phone number is 00872208000.  Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Yes, what's the entrance fee for the cinema?|Unfortunately I don't have the entrance fee information. Can I help you with anything else?
Do you know the entrance fees to any of the other places you mentioned?|I have information on two parks and one museum, these have free admissions.  I do not have entrance fee info on the others. Anything else?
Can you select your favorite of the two parks and provide me with their address and phone number please?|Wandlebury Country Park is spectacular. The address is Wandlebury ring, gog magog hills, babraham postal code CB223ae. Phone number 0122324830.
That is all I needed help with, thank you.|You're welcome. Enjoy your day.
Can you get me information on a placed called williams art and antiques?|I certainly can. That's a museum in the centre, with free admission.
I would like to find a place called Williams Art and Antiques.|It is a museum located in the centre. Admission is free.
What is the address?|williams art and antiques is located at gwydir street, no. 5 dale's brewery
Thank you. Can you also tell me about a restaurant called riverside brasserie?|The Riverside Brasserie serves modern european cuisine in the Centre area of town, it is moderately priced.  I would be happy to give you more information or book a table?
I would like you to book for 8 people on 14:30 on sunday|Your reference number is WFZTQIKD.
Thank you. I'll also need a taxi to go from Williams Art and Antiques to the restaurant. I need to be there by 14:30.|I have booked your taxi. You'll be expecting a grey lexus. The contact number is 07863326057.
Thank you, goodbye, have a nice day|Enjoy your trip!  Thanks for booking through us.
I would like to visit a college in the centre please.|There are 5 colleges in the centre. Christ's college is free, would you like more information on that?
Yes. I would like information on the other 4 colleges too.|Corpus Christi is at King's Parade and costs 2 pounds.  The other 3 are free.  Would you like their addresses?
No the Corpus Christi will do, could you just give me the postcode for that also?|The postcode for Corpu Christi is cb21rh.  Is there anything else I could help you with today?
I also need a train going to Stansted.|i have found 133 entries. could you be more specific so we can narrow it down? what day are you traveling?
Sorry.  I want to leave Cambridge on Sunday after 8:30.|Train TR8500 leaves Cambridge at 08:40 and will arrive at the airport by 09:08. Would that work for your schedule?
What is the price?|It's 8.08 pounds per ticket. Would you like me to book it for you?
No, that will be all for today. Thank you for your help!|Okay great, have a nice day!
Can you tell me more about the attraction called cambridge museum of technology?|Yes, I have pulled up information on this. What would you like to know?
What part of town is it in? Do you have the postcode?|It is in the east and the postcode is cb58Id.
Awesome. Now please find me a train from Cambridge to London Liverpool street|On what day will you be travelling?
I leave on Monday.|I'd be happy to help with your request, do you have a time in mind for departure or arrival?
I would like to  leave after 14:00 on monday.|The TR3602 leaves at 15:59 and arrives at 17:27.  Would you like me to book that for you?
No, I just need the information for right now.  Thanks for all your assistance!|You're very welcome! Is there anything else I can help you with?
That's all I need, thank you so much! Have a great day!|Great, glad I could help!
Hi, I am looking for information on places to go in town please.|Do you have preferences in the attraction type?
one that offers all indoor games|The Cherry Hinton Village Centre offers multiple sports. Would you like the phone number or address?
Are they are in the centre of town? If so, do they have an entrance fee?|It is located in the east of town but there is no entrance fee listed.
Are there any colleges in the centre of town?|Yes I have many, would you mind a entrance fee?
What's the postcode and entrance fee, if any, for your favorite one?|Christ's College is on Saint Andrew's Street, postcode cb23bu and has no admission fee
I'm also looking for a cheap Chinese place to eat at.|There are three cheap chinese restaurants in the city centre. I suggest the Rice House as it's closest to the college. Would you like me to make a booking?
No, thank you. I need to consult with my friends first. Can you please give me their phone number?|Yes. Their phone number is 01223367755.
Great I also need a taxi that will leave the attraction by 16:15|okay all I need is your destination.
It will be going to the chinese restaurant your booked.|A black Audi will pick you up, contact number is 07658935119, as your taxi. Is that all you need today?
Yes, that's it. Thank you for all your help today. Goodbye.|Goodbye. Enjoy your meal. Any further questions feel free to contact us again.
Hello! I would like to get some Italian food, somewhere in the center of town.|Sure, did you want someone in a certain price range?
No, price doesn't matter.|I can suggest pizza express located at regent street city centre. Would you like to make reservations?
Yes, can you please reserve me a table for 1 person for Friday at 11:30?|The Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Reference number is : WJCH2IJP.
Great, could you also help me find somewhere to visit near the restaurant, possibly architecture to look at?|Sure, there are a number of a churches and old schools, do you have a preference?
Can you please recommend one and provide me with their entrance fee and address?|Sure, I suggest old schools. Its address is trinity lane and its free.
I also need to book a taxi.|Okay, I'll just need a departure location and a destination as well as a pick up or drop off time
I want to arrive at pizza express for my restaurant reservation after visiting old schools, please.|Booking completed!
Booked car type	:	grey honda
Contact number	:	07392571469
Is there anything else I can assist you with?
That is all that I need.|Thank you and enjoy your stay.
I am looking for a train on Friday to Cambridge|I would be happy to help you find a train.  Can you confirm where you will be departing from?
Yes, I'll be departing from peterborough and it needs to arrive by 20:45.|TR9805 will arrive at 20:38, would that work for you?
Yes please book me tickets for 5 people|The booking was successful the price is 82.5 pounds your reference number is 7HQD6471. Do you need anything else?
I could use some help finding a museum to visit.|There are many lovely museums in Cambridge. Would you prefer a certain type of museum, or a particular neighbourhood?
I'm open to just about anything.  What's your favorite?|I quite enjoy Byard Art Museum located at 14 King's Parade.  It is free also.  Can I give you any more information?
Which area is it in? And can you also give me the post code?|Byard Art is south and the postcode is cb21sj.  Would you like information on another attraction?
No, that one sounds perfect, thank you.|May I help you with anything else, such as a restaurant?
No, you have been a great help. Thank you. Good bye.|It's been my pleasure. Thanks for using our service. Good day.
Can you help me find a train leaving Stevenage on Thursday? Thanks.|Certainly.  What time do you need to be in Cambridge?
I need it to arrive by 13:15.|Train TR1163 is leaving at 05:54. would you like me to book you a seat?
What is the price?|It is 12.80 pounds.
Sounds reasonable enough. I'll book it myself but please find me some places to visit in town|Are you looking for a hotel?
No, looking for a pool in the centre in town.|Parkside pools is located at gonville place in the centre of town.
What's the address, postcode, and phone number for that place?|Parkside Pools is located at Gonville Place, postcode cb11ly. They can be reached at 01223446100. Do you need anything other help today?
That is all thank you.|You are welcome, enjoy your day.
Thanks. Enjoy your day too. Bye now.|You are welcome. Have a great day.
My friend came here last year and told me a bout a place called camboats, can you give me more info?|camboats are boasts in the east.  Anything else I can help with?
How much is the entrance fee?|They don't list an entrance fee. Would you like their address and phone number?
Yes please, could you tell me?|Their address is the plough, green end, fen ditton and their phone number is 01223902112. Is there anything else I can help you with?
A train that departs from broxbourne and going to cambridge. Leaves monday after 09:00.|The TR0559 will get you here by 10:30.  Need a reservation?
Yes I need a reservation.|How many tickets will you need reserved for the TR0559?
I actually don't need a reservation. I just need the arrival and travel time please.|Your train will arrive at 10:32 and will travel for 60 minutes
That's all I need. Thank you for your prompt service. Goodbye.|thanks for using our services. great day
I'm looking for a popular museum in the area.|There are 23 museums in the area. Do you have a particular part of town you are interested in?
I'm interested in the centre of town.|Yes I have several. I have contemporary art, anthropology and others. Any type intrigue you?
Can you please provide me the entrance fee, phone number and address of a contemporary art museum in the centre of town?|broughton house gallery museum is free and their phone number is 122 331 4960.
What is the address of that museum?|Broughton House Gallery is located at 98 King Street. Is there any other information you need?
I am also looking for a hotel called alpha-milton guest house.|The alpha-milton guest house is located at 63 milton road postcode cb41xa. The phone number is 01223311625. Would you like me to create a booking?
Is there a suite available for 2 people for 5 nights starting Friday?|yup there is!
Okay, go ahead and book it and get me a reference number.|The booking was successful and your reference number is: SQ1LQGMU. Is there anything else I can assist you with.
Nope. I think I'm all set.|Thank you for using our service. Have all of your needs been met?
Yes, they have. Goodbye!|It was my pleasure to help! Have a great day.
Hey there, I want to get a train to Cambridge for Thursday please|Okay, from where are you departing?
I am coming in from the Stansted Airport.|What time will you need to be traveling?
I would like to arrive by 15:45, need the departure time and train ID.|Okay the TR2473 leaves at 14:24 and arrives by 14:52. It's 28 minutes.
Thanks! I'm also looking for an attraction in the centre area.|what type of attractions are yopu looking for?
multiple sports please. whatever that is.|Whatever it is, there is not a spot for in the centre, shall I search for something else?
How about a college instead?|Christ's College meets your criteria. Would you like more information?
Can I get their address and phone number please?|Yes, here you go saint andrew's street and 01223334900
Thank you. Is there an entrance fee?|Nope.  It's free!
Thank you for your help.|Welcome. Is there anything else that I can help you with?
No, that will be all.  Thanks so much for your time.  Bye.|You're welcome, have a good day
How are you doing? Are there any European restaurants in the city center?|Yes, there are 8. What is your price range?
Can I get the name and address of one of the most inexpensive ones?|The phone number to the River Bar Steakhouse and Grill is 01223307030 and the address is Quayside Off Bridge Street.
Thanks so much. I am also looking for places to go in town. Can you help me with that?|What type of place are you looking for?
I would like to see colleges.  Can you please recommend one with no entrance fee, and let me know the area.  Thank you.|Churchhill College is free and in the west part of town
Thank you.  That was all I needed.|It was a pleasure assisting you. Have a wonderful night. Goodbye.
Im looking for places to go in Cambridge , near east part of town and a nightclub in same area|I'm sorry, I haven't found any nightclubs in the east part of town, would you like to try a different area?
No, I need to stay in the east, can you look for swimming pools instead?|Abbey Pool and Astroturf Pitch is located in the east at Whitehill Road. Would you like more information on it?
Yes, can I have the postcode and the entrance fee, please!?|I'm not showing any information on the entrance fee.  The postcode is cb58nt.  The phone is 01223902088 is you would like to call them about the cost.
Thank you, can you also give me information on any restaurants in that area?|I have 9 different restaurants in the east. Do you have a type of food you are looking for?
I don't have a food preference type. I just want something expensive.|We have 5 expensive restaurants located in the east. The grafton hotel restaurant, yu garden, royal standard, pipasha restaurant, and sitar tandoori. Would you like to book for any?
Anything that is available for 6 people on tuesday at 19:15.|My apologies.  I tried to book at the east expensive restaurants for Tuesday at 19:15, but there was nothing available. Do you have a different day or time preference?
Can you try 18:15?|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Reference number is : YP7M0T3J. Is there anything else you need?
Yes, I need a taxi from the pool to the restaurant. Make sure I arrive by my reservation time please.|Your taxi is booked.  It is a grey bmw and the contact number is 07156793987 and will pick you up at the pool. Can I help you with anything else?
No, that should be all I need.  Thank you for your help!  Goodbye!|thank you for using out service
I want to get a train going to bishops stortford.|And where will you be departing from?
I'll be leaving from Cambridge on Saturday, and I need to leave after 10:00.|I have train TR9383 departing from Cambridge to Bishops Stortford on Saturday at 11:29, the cost of a ticket is 8.08 pounds. Would you like me to book that for you?
maybe. what's the arrival time?|The arrival time for TR9383 is 12:07. Is that acceptable for you?
no. i'm looking for a particular attraction.|OK, what is the name of the attraction?
it's called gonville and caius college.|Gonville and Caius is located in the city centre.  Would you like the address or phone number?
Yes, could I also get the price for entry?|The address is trinity street and the phone number is 01223332400. The entrance fee is free!
What's the postcode please?|The postcode is cb21ta. How else can I help you today?
That's all I needed! Thank you!|Have a lovely day, goodbye!
Yes I am looking for a place to stay that includes free wifi. I would prefer a guesthouse.|I have found several guesthouses is there a particular are you wish to stay in?
I am looking for a cheap hotel with a rating of 0 out of 5 stars.|I have the El Shaddai in the center that is cheap and has a 0 star rating. Would you like a booking?
Does the El Shaddai include free wifi?|Yes they sure do. Would you like me to book you a room?
Yes that will be fine. I will be needing accommodations for 5 adults for a total of 4 nights 5 days beginning Sunday.   Include reference number.|Your reference number is 0E0R0NEJ.
Okay, thank you. I would also like to go to a museum while I'm in town. Could you give me some information on possible options?|There are many different museums available. Is there a certain area you would prefer?
No thank you. Could you recommend your favorite museum?|The Broughton House Gallery is a lovely museum in the centre of town. It's located at 98 King Street cb11ln and has free entrance. Their phone is 01223314960. Would that work?
Actually, yes, that's great. You've answered all my question wonderfully, thank you. Bye!|You're very welcome. Have a good day, goodbye.
Are there any expensive restaurants in the North?|I have 5 expensive restaurants in the north.  Would you like french, european, chinese or asian oriental food?
Could I get the phone number and postcode for the european one?|Sure, it's City Stop Restaurant. Their postcode is CB41UY, and their phone number is 01223363270. Did you want to make a reservation?
No thank you. I'm also looking for a swimming pool, can you recommend one?|Sure let's have you go to the jesus green outdoor pool, it's in the north and they're between victoria road and the river.
Okay, thank you! What is their phone number?|Their phone number is 01223302579 and they are located between victoria road and the river. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No, that'll be it, thank you!|Thank yopu for usding this service
I'm looking for a place called kambar, can you help me?|Sure! It is a nightclub located in the centre of Cambridge. The address is 1 Wheeler Street and admission is 5 pounds. Do you need more information?
Can I get the postcode and phone number for them please?|Certainly! Their phone number is 01223842725 and postcode is cb23qb. Can I help with anything else?
Thanks. I am also looking for a restaurant that serves lebanese food in the centre. Do you have any suggestions?|The ali baba is a very nice one. Should I book it for you ?
Yes can you please book that?|How many people and for what day?
Is the Ali Baba cheap?|It is in the moderate price range. Would you like a booking?
Well, then I really want to stay with something cheap. How about indian food?|I recommend kohinoor, they are indian with a cheap price, would you like more info or a booking?
Yes. I need their address and phone number as well.|the address is 74 Mill Road City Centre, and the phone number is 01223323639. Can I get you anything else?
Can you tell me which bus i can take to the restaurant?|Sure.  What day would you like to go?
The same day.|I'm sorry but I need the travel day to look that up for you?
I do not need a bus, have a nice day thanks for the restaurant information.|No problem is there anything else I can help you with today?
No thank you that will be all|thank you for using this service good bye
I'm looking for a restaurant called Thanh Binh.|We have a restaurant by that name at 17 Magdelene St. in the city center. Would you like me to make a reservation?
Yes, I'll have 4 people to dine  at 16:30 on Thursday.|You're all set! Your reference number is 2MNU3F8K. Do you need anything else?
Yes, can you help me book a train there as well?|Yes I can. What's your departure time and city please?
Forget about the train and help me find a theatre to go to while I'm in town|There are 5 located in the center.
Could you give me the post code, area and entrance fee for one of them?|Sure, the ADC Theatre is in the city centre at postcode cb58as. I don't have any information on the entrance fee.
Okay. I need a taxi to get to the restaurant by the booked time.|I can book you a taxi and I will get you a confirmation number
What good attractions are there in the city centre?|There are over 40 of them, many of which are free; did you have anything more specific in mind?
No, just pick something.|The Cambridge Contemporary Art Museum is a good attraction that is free. Would you like the address or directions?
Actually, can I get the address and phone number please?|Sure, it is located at 6 Trinity Street.  The phone number is 01223324222.  Can I help you further?
Yes.  I need to find a train to travel from Stevenage to Cambridge.|Okay, what day and what time would you like to leave? The ride is about 49 minutes and the train comes every two hours.
I need to leave Saturday and must arrive by 20:00.  I don't care what time the train leaves as long as I arrive on time.|I have train TR2442 leaving stevenage at 17:54 and arriving in cambridge at 18:43.  Would you like to book this?
Yes, please. I need 4 tickets.|Great! That was successful and your booking reference number is NXSAEV12.
That should do it. thank you!|Ok great!  I hope that you enjoy your travels!  Thank you for contacting the Cambridge TownInfo centre.
I'm looking for a place to stay in the north side of town|I have several in the north part of town. Is there a particular number of stars or price range you are looking for?
The hotel should have a star of 4 and should be in the north.|I have 8 different hotels in that range.  All offer free wifi, do you have a preference?  I personally like the Home from Home guesthouse.
Can you book it for me?|yes when were you planning your stay and for how many please?
Yes 4 people for 4 nights starting monday please|You are all set, the reference number is 4GZP4QEF, may I help with anything else?
I am also looking for a museum.|There are over 20 museums. Would you like to visit a museum in the north near your hotel?
I just want you to recommend one you think is best and then please tell me the entrance fee and area|The Broughton House Gallery is in the centre and is free.
Thanks, I don't need anything else.|Okay, goodbye! I hope you have a nice time!
I want to find a place to eat british food in the west part of the city|I found three restaurants that serve British food in the west part of town. What price range are you looking for?
In the west and prefer expensive price range|We have two restaurants that meet your specifications, would you like me to book you a table?
Yes, please do that for me. I would like to book a table for 8 people at 16:30 on Monday.|I have booked you a table for Graffiti. Your reference number is 7P63Q15Q. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, are there any boat in the area of the restaurant?|I apologize, there isn't any boating activities in the west part of town.  Is there another part of town you might be interested in?
Ok, well how about something educational--like a museum maybe?|Okay, Cambridge Artworks is in the west and is something I recommend. Would you like their information?
Great, could you give me the entrance fee, postcode, and phone number?|They have free entrance. Their phone number is 01223902168. Their postcode is cb13ef.
Great that's all I needed. Thanks for all your help. Have a good day.|You're very welcome! You too! Bye!
Could you help me find a museum to visit?|We have 23 museums in Cambridge. Do you have a particular part of the city you'd like to go?
I don't have a preference. Can you recommend me one?|Sure. I really enjoy Castle Galleries. It's conveniently located in the town centre and has free admission.
That sounds good. What is the phone number there?|The number there is 01223307402.  Anything else?
Awesome, thanks. No, that's all I need.|You're welcome. Enjoy your visit to Castle Galleries!
Hi I am in the north looking for a place to stay. I'd prefer a hotel with 4 stars. Any suggestions?|The Archway House is a guesthouse in the north with four stars. It's moderately priced and includes wifi and parking. Should I book?
Um, give me a minute please|Ok, let me know whenever you're ready.
Yes, please. I need the reservation for 1 person for 5 nights starting on Wednesday.|Your booking was successful for 5 days at Archway House starting on Wednesday. Your reference number is UAUOPOBP.
Great, thank you. I am looking for some sort of entertainment in the Centre, maybe a park. Can you help me with that?|I can I've found botanic gardens in the centre area postcode is cb21jf and has an entrance fee of 4 pounds. will there be anything else?
That is all, thank you for your help.|Do you need a taxi between the guesthouse and the park? I can handle that, also.
No, the attraction and the hotel was everything.|ok thanks it is a pleasure to serve you
Hello looking to come out there. Currently trying to find a train that leaves on Wednesday so I may arrive by 9:00.|What is your departing location?
I will need to depart from Cambridge and will be going to Leicester.|I think the best option is TR9110.  It leaves Cambridge at 6:21 and arrives in Leicester by 8:06.
Ok.  I'll go with that one.|Would you like me to make reservations for that?
Not at the moment.  But I'm also looking for an architecture attraction to visit while in town.|There are five architecture attractions located in the centre. There are four that are free and one that costs two pounds, which price would you prefer?
I was actually wanting an architecture attraction in the east. Are there any?|unfortunately there aren't any in that area either. would you like to try a different area?
How about any museums in this area?|I have four different museums on the east. Three are free admission and one costs 5 pounds. Are you interested in further information about them?
Yes, please. Can you select one of the free ones for me, and then give me the address and postcode?|I suggest cambridge artworks, the address is 5 greens road and the post code is cb13ef.
Thanks for all your help today. Goodbye|Goodbye! I hope you enjoy your trip.
Im in the west side of town, are there any pools on the westside?|Sorry, there are no swimming pools on the West side of town. Any other type of attraction you might be interested in?
Okay, how about a museum, then?|How about Kettle's yard. Would you like the contact info?
Yes, please provide the address.|It is located on Castle Street.  Is there anything else you would like to know?
Is there an entrance fee?|No there isn't. Kettle's yard is completely free.
Excellent. Can I have their address?|Of course, the address is on castle street, the postcode is cb30aq. Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
Yes please, I'm looking for a 3-star hotel in the south, with free parking.|Do you have a preference in price range?
I don't, pick the best one. Please book a room for 3 people and 3 nights starting from Monday.|Okay. Your booking at the Lensfield Hotel was successful. The reference number is M0Z0VUJL. Can I help with anything else today?
I would also like to book a taxi to travel between the two places.  I want to leave the hotel by 20:15 please.|Your taxi will be a yellow Audi. The contact number is 07558448402. Can I do anything else for you today?
No thank you that will be all|You are welcome. Thank you for getting in touch with the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Goodbye.
I am looking for a hotel in Cambridge.|We have 9 in the area. Is there a particular area you would like to stay ?
I want to be in the north.|I show results for 2 moderate priced hotels, the Ashley and the Lovell. Both have internet and parking. Do you have a preference?
could I have the address please?|Ashley hotel is located at 74 chesterton road	and lovell lodge is located at 365 milton road.
I need to book for 5 people and 2 nights starting monday. Do either of those have that available?|I have booked you at Ashley hotel for your time requested! Your reference is 6WFHNVGM.
What attractions are close to the Ashley hotel?|We have 2 swimming pools, a park, and a boat nearby. What would you like more information on?
What do you recommend?|I would recommend the Milton Country Park, there is no entrance fee and it's nearby. Can I help with anything else?
Yes, just a taxi form the hotel to the park.   I want a really early morning to find a spot for the sunrise, so leaving at 02:15.|I booked you a white toyota and the driver can be reached at 07502392207. Enjoy the park and if there's anything else you need, I'm here 24/7
Thanks a lot for your help!|You are most welcome. I am glad to be helping you from the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Goodbye.
Looking for a train that leaves after 14:00|Sure, From where to where? And what day are you looking to travel?
I am departing from Bishops Stortford and would like to arrive in Cambridge.  I would like to depart on Saturday.|What time would you need it to arrive?
Doesn't matter for arrival time. I need it for 4 people though.|I booked you 4 tickets on TR4115, departing bishops stortford at 15:29 on Saturday, arriving in cambridge at 16:07. Ref#EHA6H5L3. Can I help with anything else today?
Yes, I will be on the east side, can you recommend any places to go for me?|Sure, there are two entertainment places in the east. Cherry hinton hall and grounds and funky fun house. Would you like more information on those?
What type of attractions are they?|They are both entertainment. I also have 2 museums and a boat.
Could you tell me about the museums?|There is the Cambridge Museum of Technology, which costs 5 pounds to enter, and the Cambridge Artworks, which is free.
Can I get the phone number and postcode for both?|The phone number for Cambridge Artworks is 01223902168 and the postcode is cb13ef.  The Cambridge Museum of Technology has the phone number 01223368650 and the postcode is cb58ld.
That's all the information I needed today, thanks for your help!|Thank you for using Cambridge TownInfo centre.  Please remember us for all of your future travel needs
I am looking for a train that departs on Friday.|Are you looking for a train or a taxi? Where would you like to depart from?
Actually, I'd rather find information about a park, somewhere on the south end of town if possible.|Sure.  There is a cinema at cambridge leisure way.  Would you like to have more information about that?
No thank you.  I was actually looking for a park and not a cinema. Is there a park on the south side of town?|There are two parks in the south area of town. Sheep's Green and Lammas Land Park Fen Causeway and Wandlebury Country Park. Would you like to know more about either?
Yes, could you give me the postcode for Wandlebury Country Park?|The postcode for Wandlebury Country Park is cb223ae.  Do you need any more information?
Yes. I'd also like to book a hotel for 4 people.|There are 4 hotels in the south area. Would you like more information about them?
Is there a hotel called Hobsons House?|Yes, Hobsons House is a guesthouse in the west side of town, moderately priced. Would you like to book a room there?
Yes, I want to book it starting Wednesday for 4 nights. It should be for 4 people.|Sure, I booked it. The reference number is ZZAG4CC0. Can I help you with anything else?
I would also like a taxi and need to leave the hotel by 24:00.|I booked a Grey BMW for you.  Contact number is 07674785163.  Can I be of further assistance?
No, that's all I need.  Thanks.|Great! Have a wonderful day! Goodbye!
I am planning a trip in Cambridge|I can help plan your trip!  What do you need?
I need a train ticket going to cambridge from norwich on saturday anytime after 15:00|There are 9 trains traveling from norwich to cambridge after that time on Saturday. Do you need to arrive by a certain time?
No it doesn't matter when I get there. Can you pick one, and make me a booking for three people? I need a reference number too!|Okay. I've booked you three tickets on the TR9724. Your reference number is J87QHBRM. You'll owe 42.24 at the station.
Thank you. I also need info on a place to go in the west. Any one will do. Just something to see.|You have a few attraction options in the west area; colleges, museums and even an entertainment attraction. Which one sounds best for your trip?
Can you recommend one and give their post code?|How does the Clare Hall sound? The postcode is cb39al.
That sonds great, thanks. Thats all I need for today.|You're welcome! Have a great day!
i need a place to go in cambridge that has sports in the centre|The only sports area in town is in the east. Would you like to look for a different type of attraction?
Sure. I'd like to find something in the area of architecture.|I have 5 different options, the Holy Trinity Church is free and it is a must see attraction!
Ok.  What is the phone number for Holy Trinity Church?|The phone number is 01223355397.
Can I have the address and phone number, please?|Sure thing, the phone number is 01223355397 and the Holy Trinity Church is located on Market Street. Is there anything else that I can do for you?
Can you find me an expensive place to stay, it should be only 4 stars and include free wifi and parking.|Would you like it to be in the West or Centre?
It doesn't matter.  Could you also get me the postcode for Holy Trinity Church?  I forgot to ask.|cb23nz is the postcode
What area is it in?|It is in the centre area, can I assist with anything else?
No that will be all thank you so much.|You're very welcome! Bye!
I am looking for a train to Cambridge leaving around 16:00 can you find this for me .|Sure, but do you mean the train is leaving cambridge? if so where would you like to go?
I am looking for a train to take me to Norwich coming from Cambridge. preferably after 16.00 on Wednesday.|The TR7047 train departs Cambridge for Norwich at 16:36. Would you like me to book it for you?
I might be interested in that. I just want to confirm. That leaves AFTER 16:00, correct?|Yes, TR7047 departs at 16:36 and arrives at 17:55. Would you like me to help you book a ticket for this train?
Yes. Also, I am looking for attractions in town center that provide entertainment|I'm afraid no attractions match that description. Could you like to check out other areas of the city?
OK, what about colleges in the town centre?|Unfortunately there are no colleges in the centre of the city. Would you like me to check in other areas?
No. I would like a place to go in the centre that is entertainment. Can you please check again?|Actually, I don't have any entertainment, but there are 13 colleges in the centre. 10 have free entrance and 3 have an entrance fee. Would you like more information?
Can you give me two free options?|Sure, there's Pembroke College and Saint Catharine's. If you'd like to visit one of those I could give you the address.
Can you give me the phone number for Pembroke College?|The phone number for Pembroke College is 01223338100.
Thank you. Could you also give me the postcode and address of Pembroke college?|Certainly, pembroke college is located at trumpington street, postcode cb21rf. Can I assist you with anything else?
No I think that's all I need. Thanks for the help!|It's my pleasure. Have a great day! Goodbye!
I am planning a trip and would love some suggestions on a place to stay when I arrive in Cambridge.|Will you be staying in the centre?
I can stay anywhere but I need the place to be expensive and have free wifi included.|The gonville hotel meets your requirements.
Okay, book the Gonville Hotel for 4 nights starting with Sunday. There will be 7 guests.|I was able to book you, the confirmation number is LGM2U4IY, can I assist with anything else?
Yes, i am looking for museums to visit in town. Do you have any recommendations?|The People's Portraits Exhibition at Girton College is a must-see. It's on the west side and has free admission.
Great, would you be able to give me the address and phone number?|The phone number is 01223338901 and the address is girton college, huntingdon road
Thanks. Now I'd just like a taxi to depart from the attraction at 15:15 and take me to gonville hotel. Please give me contact number and car type.|You are all set with a blue toyota, which can be reached at 07287670200. Is that all for today?
yes, that's it for me. thank you! bye!|you are welcome! bye for now!
I'm looking for a museum in the south.|The Byard Art is in the south. Would you like more information?
Yes, thank you. May I have their phone number?|The phone number is 01223464646.
Can I also have the postcode?|Yes, the postcode is cb21sj. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Yes, I'm also looking for a train from Cambridge that will leave after 08:30. It should leave on Thursday, and I want to travel to Bishops Stortford.|I have 8 trains leaving after 08:30. The first one leaves at 09:29. Would you like me to book it?
Can I just get the price on that one?|The price is 10.10 pounds.
Thank you. That's all I need today.|Let me know if I can be of further assistance.
I'm looking for a special place, can you help?|I need just a little more information to help. I think all places in Cambridge are special, and I would like to be able to narrow it down for you.
I am looking specifically for Saint John's College.|sorry i dont have that in our list. is there something else i can do for you?
Okay, well I also need a train departing for Cambridge on Wednesday.|I have several trains headed to Cambridge on Wednesday. Where will you be departing from?
The train will be leaving Cambridge and going to London Liverpool Street.|There are 10 trains running that route on Wednesday. Do you have a particular departure time in mind?
Yes at 11 am , can you bnook the the one close to that time|How about the 11:59 that will arrive by 13:27?  It is 16.60 pounds.
That will work can you book that for me.|do i book only one ticket
Can you book it for me and get a reference number ?|Yes, please confirm how many tickets you would like me to book, just the one?
No, please book for 8 people and can I get the booking reference number?|Booking was successful, the total fee is 132.8 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : 98NW4G1V. Anything else?
That's all I needed.|Wonderful, have a great day!
I'm looking for an entertainment venue to visit in the Cambridge centre.|will you mind to elaborate  more? maybe on price?
I'm looking in the expensive price range.|I haven't found any in that part of town. How about another area?
how about one that is in the type of college.
i also need the entrance fee, address, and phone number|I have many in that area would you like one that is free or had an entrance fee?
That does not matter can you recommend one please?|Gonville and Caius College is on Trinity Street and has no entrance fee.  The number is 01223332400.
Thank you, can I also book a guesthouse? it would need ot have free parking.|There are 21 different guesthouses across town with free parking. Do you have a price range in mind? Or do you want to stay in a particular neighborhood?
We can narrow this down a bit. I prefer a guest house in the east.|There are 5, 3 are cheap, 2 are moderate. How about carolina bed and breakfast? They are moderately priced.
Carolina bed and breakfast will work. Can I have the phone number?|The phone number is 01223247015. Is there anything else I may assist you with?
Does the Carolina bed and breakfast have free wifi?|Yes, they offer both free wifi and free parking.
Thanks, I need to meet with my group before booking but can I get their number please?|The phone number is 01223247015.
Thank you that's all I needed today.|Enjoy your stay! Let us know if we can be of any further assistance.
I am looking for an entertainment attraction in the centre of town.|Unfortunately, I was unable to find something in entertainment in the centre of town. Can I help you in finding something in a different area or category?
Could you tell me about the types of museums in the Centre?|There are 11 museums in the centre, all of which are free. There are art galleries, an archaeology museum, and a history of science museum.
The History of Science Museum sounds interesting.  Could you please send me the phone number and address?|Their phone number is: 01223330906. Their address is: free school lane. Can I help you with anything else?
Yes, I'm also like to get away from it all and stay at a place in the centre with no internet.|I'm sorry, there is nothing in the centre without internet.  Would you like to try the North side of town perhaps?
No. I would like to stay in the same area as the attraction. It doesn't have to have internet but it does need to be expensive and with 3 stars.|Then the Gonville Hotel is the place for you. Would you like a room reserved for you?
Yes, if you could do that.|How many nights and starting when?
4 nights starting Friday for just myself.  If you could book that and provide me a reference number that would be great!|Okay, your room is reserved. The reference number is 7OB0YMGO. What else can I help you with?
Please book me a taxi leaving the History of Science Museum back to the Gonville Hotel.  I need to leave the museum by 17:45.|Of course. A blue Volvo will be picking you up at the Museum. The contact number is 07883239708. Will there be anything further?
No, you have been very helpful. Goodbye.|Thank you. Goodbye.
I need a place to go in the centre.|Great!  I can help you with that.  Are you looking for an attraction of some sort, a restaurant, or a place to stay?
I am looking for an attraction in the Centre please.|I have castle galleries which is a museum and has free admission.
Great. I need to find a place to eat too that has indian food near the centre of town.|Kohinoor is a great Indian Restaurant in the Centre. Would you like more information or allow me to book you a table.
Yes, please book a table for 8 people at 11:30 on tuesday.|I have your table reserved. The reference number is awt6mw8f. Can I help you with anything else?
Nope, that's all I need today. Thank you for your help!|Thank you for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre!
I'm looking for a moderate place to dine in the south. Do you have any recommendations?|There are 2 moderately priced restaurants in the south. Would you prefer Italian or Modern European?
I think modern European sounds good. Can you book me a table for 7 people at 19:45 on a Friday?|I'm so sorry, but they have no available reservations for that day and time. Would you like me to try another time or day?
Can you find me another restaurant then, just so its in the south with a moderate price range. I need a table for 7 Friday at 19:45.|That time is not available for the other restaurants as well. Would you like to book a different time or day?
Would you check the moderately priced Italian restaurant in the south please?|I apologize, there was in fact an open table at the modern European restaurant. I've booked you at Restaurant Alimentum for 7 on Friday at 19:45.
Could I please get the reference number for the booking?|Your reference number is HVTAFS9X. Can I help you with anything else?
Yes, I'm also looking for some interesting architecture in town.|I have some great architecture attractions for you, all in the center of town. Might I recommend All Saints Church?
that sounds interesting, im also looking for a restaurant|Remember, I've already booked you for Restaurant Alimentum for 7 on Friday at 19:45. Anything else?
Yes, a taxi please! I need to get from the church to the restaurant by 19:45. Gotta make sure I get there for that reservation!|Your booking was successful! The car type is a grey bmw and the contact number is 07119825098.
Thank you so much!|Great I am glad we could help.
Hi, can you help me find a hotel, please?|Sure, we have many hotels in Cambridge. What area of town would you prefer?
I don't care where, I just need it to be 5 stars and include free parking.|I'm sorry, we don't have any hotels that meet that criteria.  Might you be willing to accept a place with 4 stars and free parking?
Yes, I would like to book a four star hotel then.|We have three hotels matching that search. Could I book a room for  you at the huntingdon marriott hotel?
I'd like to get a little more information first.  What is the price range at the Huntingdon Marriott Hotel?|It is expensive.  I can check on a cheap hotel if you'd prefer?
No, I really want to stay at the Marriott.|Ok, great! How many guests will there be and how many days would you like to stay?
I don't need a reservation yet. I would like the phone number and postcode, though.|The huntingdon marriott hotel's number is 01480446000, it's postcode is pe296fl. How else can I assist you?
Are there any swimming pools in town?|There are, yes. There's the Abbey Pool and Astroturf Pitch in the east, the Jesus Garden Outdoor Pool and Kings Hedges Learner Pool north, and Parkside Pools in the centre.
I want the Abbey Pool. What's its postcode?|The postcode is cb58nt.
Do they offer free breakfast with their rooms .|I'm sorry but I don't have access to that information.
Can you book a taxi for me? From the pool to the hotel?|Yes, what time do you need the taxi?
I'd like to leave the pool by 4:45.|I have a booked a grey honda for you. The contact number is 07636297454. Can I assist you with anything else today?
Yes, just one more thing. What's the address of the Abbey Pool?|That's pool way, whitehill road, off newmarket road.
Thank you. Could you book me a taxi from the pool at 4:45 to go back to my hotel?|There is a grey Honda booked for you to go from the pool to your hotel at 4:45. Their contact number is 07636297454 in case you need to reach them.
Thanks, that's all I need today. Sorry for making you repeat yourself like that! Have a great day, goodbye!|No problem at all, and you're quite welcome. Thanks for contacting the Cambridge TownInfo Centre and have a great day!
Can you find me a theatre in the centre of town?|We have 4 such places. Any other preferences?
What are their entrance fees?|I'm sorry, but we don't have information on the theaters' entrance fees. Can I help you with anything else?
How about an address?|The cambridge arts theatre is located at 6 saint edward's passage. Can I provide you any other information?
No, that's all I need today. Thank you for your help!|Glad we could help. Thank you for contacting us and have a great day!
I'd like to visit a college in the center of town. Could you help me find something interesting?|How about Downing College?  It has free admission and is located on Regent Street/
That sounds great! Can I have their phone number and postcode, please?|Downing College's phone is 01223334860 and their postcode is cb21dq. Can I help you with anything else today?
No, that was all I needed to know. Thank you, you've been very helpful.|You're welcome, enjoy your day.
I will be in the centre area and would like to visit some atractions. Can you assist me.|There are 44 attractions in the centre. Are you interested in architecture, boat, cinema, college, concerthall, museum, nightclub, park, swimming pool, or theatre?
What do you have in nightclubs?|Kambar is a very popular nightclub at 1 Wheeler Street. Entrance is 5 pounds. Does that sound like fun?
That sounds amazing! I also want to go to a modern european restaurant in the same area as the nightclub.|Darrys cookhouse and wine shop is a very nice modern European restaurant in the centre.  Would that work?
Yes, thank you. That's all I need.|Well that was easy.  I am glad to have helped and hope you enjoy your stay.  Have a nice day.  Good bye.
Thank you, goodbye!|You're welcome. Enjoy your stay!
Hi there. I am looking to find a train to get me to Cambridge. Can you help with that?|yes i can where will you be departing from?
I will be leaving from Birmingham new street on Sunday.|I have several options on Sunday starting at 05:40 and leaving every hour.  Do you have a particular departure or arrival time in mind?
Do you have a train leaving Sunday at 19:00?|Starting at 19:40 there are trains every hour through 23:40. Would you like to book a seat on one?
What time does it arrive and whats its ID?|TR2026 arrives by 22:23
Thank you. I'm also looking for places to go in town. What do you have in the way of cinemas, in the center?|There is the Vue Cinema in Centre off of East Road. Would you like me to check what is playing and book tickets?
No, if you can give me the entrance fee, phone number, and postcode, I'll do it myself.|They are located at the Grafton Centre, East Road. Their postcode is cb11ps. Unfortunately, I do not have the entrance fee. But, you can contact them at 08712240240 for that info.
Thank you for the information.|Is there anything else I can help you with, today?
That is all, goodbye.|Have a great day!
I am looking for a moderately priced hotel to stay at in the area, no guesthouses please.|And what area would that be in please?
No preference in area but what is available with a 4 star rating?|I don't have anything with a 4 star rating. Can I try something else?
Can you try a guesthouse instead?|I would suggest a  & b guesthouse.
I need the address and postcode. Does it have internet?|The post is cb12dp and it does have internet.  Can I help with anything else?
I still need the address, please.|Sorry about that. The address is 124 tenison road. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
I'm looking for places to go in town. I'd like to visit a museum. Can you recommend a good one and provide the address and postcode?|Were you needing it in a certain area or did you just want a recommendation for anywhere in town?
Any area in Cambridge will be fine, thank you.|Then I would definitely recommend Cambridge Artworks in the east. Their address is 5 Greens Road and there is no entrance fee.
Thank you. Can I also have the postcode please?|the postcode is cb13ef else can i do for you?
thankyou so much for the information|You are welcome, enjoy your stay in cambridge.
I am looking for something to do in Cambridge, can you help me find something?|I have a lot to do there, any specific types of attractions you would prefer?
I would like to go to a nightclub.|There are 6 night clubs in the city centre. I would recommend club salsa which is located at 1 station road.
May I have the phone and please tell me how much it costs to get in.|Yes, the entrance fee is 5 pounds, and they can be reached by phone at 07782218745, is there anything else that I can assist with?
I also need a train that departs from Broxbourne and arrives by 21:00 on Saturday at Cambridge.|TR4967 arrives by 20:32	, would you like me to book you passage?
What time does the train depart from Broxbourne, and how long is the travel time? Also, do you know how much it would be?|The train departs from Broxbourne at 19:32 and travels for 60 minutes. The total would be 14.32 pounds.
Thank you for the information.|Is there anything else I can help you with?
That is all for today. Thank you.|Okay. Enjoy your journey.
Would you happen to know of any attractions involving architecture in Cambridge?|There are several beautiful churches in the center; are you willing to pay to enter?
Yes, could you please provide the addresses and entrance fees for the churches in the center?|Sure, All Saints Church on Jesus Lane and Holy Trinity Church on Market Street are free to enter. Great Saint Mary's church on Market Square is 2 pounds to enter.
I am also looking for Chinese food in the city center. Can you help me find some restaurant options?|We have 10 Chinese restaurants in the centre area. What price range are you looking for?
I prefer something in the expensive price range.|The Sesame Restaurant and Bar sounds perfect for you.  Would you like me to reserve it?
I just need the address, postcode and telephone number for the restaurant at this time.|They are located at 17 Hills Road City Centre, their postcode is cb21nw, and phone number is 01223358899.
Can you help me look for a taxi that will leave All Saints Church by 17:45?|Could you tell me your destination please?
I need to go to the sesame restaurant and bar.|Okay, I've booked a car for you. It's a white Tesla. The contact number is 07746645374. What else can I do for you?
That will be everything I needed today. Thanks for your help!|You're welcome! Have a nice day. Goodbye.
Hello, I will be in Cambridge later on this week and I can't seem to find King's college. I am not sure how to find it, can you help?|Yes, Kings College is in the center of town and the address and postal code is King's Parade, cb21st respectively.
And what's the entrance fee?|There is no entrance fee, Kings College is FREE!
That's great! Can you also help me find a train going to norwich?|I found 133 trains going to norwich, what date, time or station will you be leaving from?
I would like to leave on Sunday and depart from cambridge.|There are 19 that leave on Sunday from Cambridge. Do you want to depart or arrive by a certain time?
I would like to arrive by 15:15.|I have a train that departs from Cambridge at 13:38 and arrives in Norwich by 14:55. Would you like to place a booking?
I would like to make a booking for 7 people please.|I've booked you on TR8185, for 7 people. It departs Cambridge at 13:36 and arrives in Norwich at 14:55.
Thank you. Can I have the reference number for that booking?|The booking reference number is 9SDIIVSB. Anything else I can help you with?
No, that was all I needed today. Thank you for your help.|Thank you for using our system!
Hi, I am planning a trip and need some information on a particular hotel.|We have 33 options available, any specific details on the type of place that your looking for?
Yes, the Gonville Hotel.  Can I get the price range, area, and address please?|Sure I can get that for you.  The address is Gonville Place, cb11ly in the centre area.  The price range is expensive.
Thank you. Could you also give me information about an attraction called The Man on the Moon?|I sure can! The Man on the Moon is a concert hall located at 2 Norfolk Street in Centre. Do you need more information?
I need the postcode.|Of course. The postcode is cb12lf. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No that takes care of it thank you|Thank you and have a good trip.
That is all I needed today.|It was my pleasure to be of help.  Goodbye.
I can't wait to try some of your local restaurants.  Can you help me with an attraction to visit also?|Sure thing, is there any specific type of attraction you'd like to try?
It is called kettle's yard.|Kettle's yard is a museum found in the west area of town. Their phone number is 01223748100
Can I get the address as well please?|Kettle's Yard is located on Castle Street.
What is the entrance fee for Kettle's Yard?|It is free to enter.
Great. I am also looking for a restaurant.|I would love to help. Any particular food you'd like?
No, I'd just like for it to be in the east and moderately priced.|i suggest pizza hut fen ditton. it serves  italian food. can we book?
Yes book that for 5 people at 15:00 on sunday.|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Reference number is : EC390ABK.
Thanks, that's all I need today! Goodbye!|Have a good day.
Hi! Can you help me find a train? I need to travel on Thursday.|I can absolutely help you with that!  Can you please tell me where you will be departing from and the destination?
I'm departing Cambridge Thursday and want to arrive in Stevenage by 8:00.|I have one train leaving at 05:21 and arriving at 06:10. Would you like me to book a ticket for you?
What is the price and travel time for this particular train?|The price is 12.80 pounds and the duration of the train ride is 49 minutes.
Thank you. Can you also find me a museum to go to?|There are several fine museums to visit, what area of town would you like?
I would like something in the center of town, please.|Broughton House Gallery is a free nice museum. The address is 98 King Street. Would you like the phone number?
Yes please, I'd like the number.|Their number is 01223314960.
Great. Thank you very much for all of your help.|You're welcome. Hope you enjoy your day.
I am heading to Cambridge soon and am looking to find a nice expensive restaurant to eat at.|There are plenty of expensive restaurants in Cambridge.  Do you have a particular area or food type in mind?
I would like it to be in the centre area, please.|The kymmoy meets your criteria and serves asian oriental food.
I would like to make a reservation for 7 people on Sunday, please.|What time on Sunday would you like the reservation for?
We'd like to dine at 19:45. Please let me know the reference number when you have it available.|I'm sorry, they're booked up for 19:45. Will another time do?
Yes, I would like to book for 18:45. Please let me know the reference number when you have it available.|I was able to get you a table at the 18:45 time.  Reference number is : 03N9DFPO.  Is there anything else I can help you with?
I need to find a museum in the same area. Can you find one?|Yes, that's no problem. How about the museum of archaelogy and anthropology? It's free to enter.
That sounds good. What is their postcode and phone number please?|The postal code is cb23dz, the phone number is 01223333516, can I assist with anything else?
Yes I need a taxi between the two places. I want to be sure to arrive at the restaurant before our reservation.|I got you a white volkswagen reserved contact number 07430137522.
Thank you. That will be all. Goodbye.|My pleasure! Good bye.
I'm looking for places to go, can you guide me?|I would love to assist you today.  I can guide you to attractions, restaurants, and hotels.  What would you like to do?
I'd like to visit an attraction in the west. Suggest something for me please.|What about the Cafe Jello Gallery? It' a free museum.
That sounds great. What is their phone number and postcode?|Their postcode is cb30af, phone number 01223312112. Is there anything else you need?
Yes, I am looking for information on the Hamilton Lodge.|The hamilton lodge is a moderately priced guesthouse in the north area. Would you care for more information?
Yes, could you give me the address?|Sure thing. It's 156 chesterton Road.
Thank you, that is all I need today.|Thank for using our service today!
Can you help me find a place to dine?|Sure! What type of food would you like to eat in what area?
I would like some North Indian Food that is expensive, in the south.|We don't have any North Indian restaurants, though we do have many Indian restaurants.
Indian food would be fine then, can you tell me the name?|There are several Indian Restaurants, may I suggest The Golden Curry in the Centre. It sounds like just what you are looking for.
I was actually hoping for a restaurant in the south.  Are there any available?|I found one called taj tandoori. Want more information?
More information please|It is expensive and in the south.
Can I get the postcode for that please?|Sure! The post code is cb17aa.
Thanks! I'm also looking for a nightclub. I'll need the postcode, please?|The Ballare is a nightclub in the centre of town. The entrance fee is 5 pounds.
I'll try that. What's the postcode please?|Their postcode is cb23na. Can I help you with anything else today?
No thanks.   That was all I needed today.  Goodbye.|Thank you so much and you have a good night also.
I want to visit an architecture attraction in the south of town.|I don't show anything in the south.  can i look in another area for you?  I'm sure we can find some great architecture elsewhere.
Is there any with the type of entertainment here?|Yes.  You could go to Nusha or Tenpin.
Tenpin sounds fun. What's their postcode, please?|It's cb17dy.  They are located at cambridge leisure park, clifton way. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yeah, could you find me a cheap place to stay with free wifi?|In what area would you like to stay?
What area would you recommend?|There is Rosa's Bed and breakfast in the south part of town, not too far from Tenpin. Would you like me to check if they are available?
Does it have free parking, I really don't need free parking, and I worry about security at the places that do have free parking.|Yes, rosa's does have free parking. Would you like me to book that for you?
I'm not sure yet, what is the postal code there?|Its postal code is cb22ha.
I also need a taxi to commute between the two places.  I want to leave the attraction by 03:15.|Booking completed!
Booked car type	:	blue tesla
Contact number	:	07944936323 is there anything else i can help you with?
No, that's all I need. You've been very helpful, thank you!|My pleasure! Enjoy your stay!
I am looking for something to do. Are there any attractions related to archaeology?|I don't have archaeology however I have museums and architecture.  Are you interested in one of those?
Yes, I think I've heard of a museum of classical archaeology. Do you have their phone number?|There is a Museum of Classical Archaeology. Their phone number is 01223335153. Is there anything else I can help with?
I am also looking for a train departing from Cambridge leaving on Wednesday.|There are over 200 trains leaving on Wednesday. What is your destination? And do you have a preferred departure or arrival time?
I am going to stevenage and I want to leave after 11:30.|There is a train that leaves Cambridge at 15:21 and arrives in Stevenage at 16:10.  Would that work for you?
Yes that's all the info that I have, thank you.|Great, I have booked the ticket, your reference number is  U3R44BJS. Is there anything else I can do for you?
That'll be everything. Thank you!|Thank you for contacting the help desk. Have a wonderful day.
I'm interested in going to The Junction during my upcoming trip to Cambridge.|It is located in the south part of town at clifton way.
Great! Can I get the postcode?|The postcode for The Junction is cb17gx. Can I help you with anything else?
Nope, that will be all. Thanks and have a good day.|Enjoy your visit to the Junction! Have a great day!
Yes actually I am looking for a place to stay in the epensive price range with free wifi, a 3 star rating and also free parking.|The Lensfield Hotel is nice.  Would you like a room?
Yes, I sure would.  Can you also tell me the address and postcode?  Thanks!|cb21en, post code. Adress is 53-57 lensfield road. Shall I book you in?
No, but can you get me a taxi between the two places?|Which place is the departure site and which is the destination?
The departure will be the hotel postcode cn21en to travel to the Junction.|Ok great and what time do you prefer?
Sorry, I actually want to go from the attraction to the hotel. And I want to leave the attraction vy 19:45. Book that please and give me the info.|Done! You'll be picked up in a red Skoda, and the contact number is 07784377878. Can I help you with anything else?
That is all, thanks.|you are welcome and have a good day
I'd like to know if there's a swimming pool to go to in the center of Cambridge?|Parkside pools is located in the centre of town.
Please get me their address.|Their address is Gonville Place. Phone is 01223446100.
Thank you appreciate the fast info.  I am also looking for a guesthouse.  Can you help me book it?|What area would you like to stay in?
I'd like a moderately priced hotel in the centre by the pool.|There aren't any guesthouses that match your criteria in the center, however there are many in the north, south, east, and west. Would you like one of these areas instead?
North sounds good.|Sounds good there are 9 choices in the north but I recommend avalon, would you like more info or a booking?
Yes, please book it for 5 people for 5 nights starting from saturday.|Do you want me to book you at any hotel of my choosing?
You said the avalon..that sounds fine.|Done! The reference number is T1XHLK4I. Can I help you with anything else?
Lastly, I will need a taxi from the Avalon to to the Parkside pools by 24:30.|The car will be a grey honda and their contact number is 07399252807. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
No, thanks a bunch. That's all. Goodbye|Have a good evening. Bye.
I am looking for information in Cambridge|I can help with that! What do you want to know?
I would like to find a place to go in the south part of town.|Are you interested in a particular type of attraction?  Maybe a museum?
Sure a museum sounds great.|The Byard Art Museum is located at 14 King's Parade and is free to get in.
Great I also need a train leaving birmingham new street on sunday|What time would you like to leave?
I will need to leave by 17:00 please.|I am sorry the earliest departure time is 17:40
I'm sorry, I forgot that as long as I leave after 17:15 all will be fine. I need to get to cambridge.|Would you like me to book your tickets?
Can I just have the price, train ID, and arrival time, please.|For 60.08 pounds you can leave Birmingham new street at 17:40 and arrive in Cambridge by 20:23 on train TR5797. Would you like to book this train?
No, that will be all. Thank you!|You're very welcome!
Could you just get me that phone number for Byard Art Museum?   I forgot to ask you earlier.|it is okay. the phone number is 01223464646
Thanky you, that's all I need today.|You're welcome. Have a great trip. Goodbye.
Is there a train from london liverpool street that arrives by 17:15?|Yes, I have several trains that can get you there by 17:15. What day are you traveling?
I'm coming to Cambridge on Thursday.|There are seven trains available that day. What time would you like to leave by?
Any train is fine. I'll need it booked for three people.|I've booked you for 3 on TR3257, leaving liverpool street at 13:39 and arriving cambridge at 15:07, with reference #YR897WTP. Can I help you with anything else?
Yes. I'm also looking for a place called cineworld cinema|Okay it's located in the south and the address is cambridge leisure park, clifton way.
Thank you, goodbye!|Good bye, enjoy the rest of your day.
I am looking for something fun to do in the south part of town. Do you have any suggestions on a great attraction?|You could check out the byard art museum.
Sure, can I learn more about it?|It's a museum on King's Parade. There's no entrance fee. The phone number is 01223464646 to check their current attractions.
Thank you, are there any expensive restaurants in that same area?|Yes, what kind of food are you looking for?
The restaurant should serve turkish food.|there is none that serves Turkish food, can we look elsewhere?
How about Chinese food? Are there any available for that?|Yes, there are two restaurants available. The Good Luck Chinese food takeaway and the Peking Restaurant. Are these suitable?
Let's go with Peking Restaurant. Can you book a table for 6 at 18:30 on Monday, please?|I am sorry, I am unable to make that reservation. Is there anything else I can do for you?
Could you try for Satrday then?|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Reference number is : M4CO18OY.  Can I help you further?
I also need a taxi that will get me to the restaurant by 18:30|Alright I successfully booked a taxi for you.  It will be a yellow toyota and the contact number is 07183586929.  Is there anything else you need?
thanks so much for all of your help!|Please contact us anytime. Good bye.
I am looking for a attraction called whipple museum of the history of science.|That museum is in the centre of town on free school lane. Is there other information you are looking for?
How much is admission?|They offer free admission. Is there any other information I can provide for you?
Yes, find me a cheap place to eat in the center|What type of food are you interested in eating?
I am interested in Italian food.  However I just remembered, I need the phone number for Whipple Museum of History and Science please.|Their phone number is 01223330906.
There are a couple Italian restaurants in the area ranging from moderate to expensive. Would you like me to look them up for you and make a reservation?|Not at this time, could I just have the phone number of an expensive Italian restaurant?
I need a reservation fo 3 at 16.30|which day an time do i book?
Please reserve the restaurant for Saturday at 16:30 for 3 people.|I have booked a table for you at Clowns Cafe. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Your reference number is WYVYSLFF. How else can I help?
I need a taxi to take me from the whipple (whip whoop) to the restaurant.  please make sure the taxi drops off by the reservation time at Clown|Booking completed!
Booked car type	:	white toyota
Contact number	:	07915745196
That is everything, you were very helpful.|Thank you, enjoy your day
Hello, I'd like to have dinner in the centre, is there anywhere that serves Afghan food?|There is none available, do you have another type of food?
Not really- what about a cheap restaurant? What are my choices?|I have 15 cheap places to dine. Another food preference perhaps?
Yes, that would be a good idea. Can you search for one that serves asian oriental food for me? Thanks a lot|You have two options. Dojo Noodle Bar and J Restaurant both fit your specifications. Which of these would you like me to make a reservation for you at?
Dojo Noodle Bar sounds interesting.  Can you get me the phone number and post code for them?|Sure, the phone number is 01223363471 and the postcode is cb21rq.  Is there any other information I can help you with today?
Yes, is there anywhere that you can play some sports near the restaurant?|I have the cherry hinton village centre located at colville road, cherry hinton.
Can you book that for me.|I can't book it but I can provide you with the address if you'd like.
The address and the post code is all I need.|The postcode is cb19ej, and the address is colville road, cherry hinton
Thank you, that's all I need today.|Glad I could help, enjoy your stay in Cambridge.
i am looking for a place to dine. The restaurant should be in the expensive price range and should serve indian food.|There a several throughout the city.  Is there an area of town in which you would prefer to dine?
Not really. I've heard Saffron Brasserie is good, though. Could you book a table for 6 there at 19:45 on Wednesday?|Done! Your reference number is MFP31MA6. Do you need anything else?
I would also like to find something fun to do in the west of town.|There are several Colleges and Museums you can visit. Would you like a recommendation for both?
Just choose one that is your favorite and tell me its type and phone number|Churchill College's phone number is 01223336233. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
I assume that is a college type, right? And I also need a taxi|Yes it is and they have free entrance. Where would the taxi be picking you up?
I need to be picked up at the college and arrive at the restaurant by 18:45.|I have booked a red skoda as your taxi. You can reach them at 07447845138
.
I appreciate all your help. That will be all for now.|I'm glad we could help! Contact us anytime you need anything in Cambridge. Good Bye.
I need to take a train into Norwich on Monday.|We have 19 trains heading to Norwich on Monday. What would be your point of departure on that day?
Cambridge, and I need to leave after 18:00.|Train TR6688 would work, would you like me to book you passage?
Sure, we have a group of 7 people.|Booking was successful. Total fee is 123.2 GBP payable at the station. Reference number is E0JGKV67
Can you recommend any kind of entertainment in town?|There are lots of things to do, did you have an area preference?
no area preferences really anywhere in town would be perfect.|I would suggest the funk fun house.
That sounds great. I'll need the address, area, and entrance fee, please?|Sure thing the address is 8 mercers row, mercers row industrial estate. In the east side of town and there is no info fee information.
that is all i wanted for today thanks|I am gald i can help. enjoy
i need a place to stay|I'm happy to help you find something. To start, do you have a certain area of town in mind?
Centre, please. I want a type of hotel and free parking and free wifi, please.|Sure I have so many options. Is there an area of town you would like to stay in?
Oh, yes. The center, please.|I have 4 results for that, 2 are expensive and 2 are cheap. Which price range do you prefer?
It does not matter.  Just make a suggestion and please provide the address.|I have a 4 star guesthouse in the cheap price range.  It's located at 56 Saint Barnabas Road.  Can I book for you?
I also need a swimming pool to go to.|Parkside Pools is also in the centre of town. would you like more info?
Yes, I'd like to have the address, phone number, and entrance fee, please?|No problem! 01223446100, gonville place, no entrance fee listed though.
I also need a taxi to commute between the two places.|What time will you need the taxi to arrive?
I need to leave the hotel by 04:00|Where would the taxi pick you up from?
As I said before, I want to go from my hotel to the swimmingpool|A grey audi will pick you up at Alexander Bed and Breakfast at 04:00 and take you to Parkside Pools. If you need to contact the driver, call 07011763423.
I think that is all that I need thank you for your help today. I appreciate it.|enjoy your stay in our lovely city!
I would like to get some info on the pembroke college please.|Certainly, its a beautiful campus in the centre part of town, they are on trumpington street and the admission is free.
Thanks.  That answers my questions.|great, is there anything else i can assist you with today?
I also need a hotel.|What area are you wanting to stay in?
I would like that to be located in the north.|What is your preferred price range?
No particular price range, but I would like it to be 4 stars.|I have about 8 options. Might I suggest the Avalon. It is a guesthouse in the north. Moderately priced with 4 stars and offers free wifi.
That sounds great. Could you book it please for 6 people for 4 nights? I want to get there tuesday.|Your booking for 6 at Avalon this Tuesday for 5 days 4 nights was successful. Your Reference number is : W4A55772. Anything else I can do for you today?
Thank you so much for booking that for me!|Glad to be of service.
I'm looking for for a cinema in the south. Can you give me some information on cinema's in the south?|there is only one, it's called cineworld cinema
How much is that cinema's entry fee?|I'm afraid that the entry fee for Cineworld Cinema is unknown. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, could you tell me their postcode?|The postcode is cb17dy.  Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
Yes, I'm also looking for a place to stay. I'll need it to be moderately priced, in the same area as the attraction, and free parking, please?|bridge guest house	is a 4 star guesthouse in the south part of town in the moderate price range with free wifi and parking.
Do they have a room available for 7 people? We're staying 3 nights and checking in Tuesday.|Booking was successful. Reference number is : Z108ABS3. Can I help you with anything else ?
I need a taxi from the cinema to the hotel, I want to leave the cinema by 08:15.|Booked you a taxi ride look for a red tesla car contact number is 07746939508. Can I help with anything else?
That is everything that I need?|Have a wonderful time.
Thanks, have a great day!|Thank you for using our service today.
Hi, I'm looking for information on a restaurant called efes. What type of food do they serve and will I need reservations?|Efes serves turkish food and is located at king street city centre.  I can book a reservation for you if you would like.
Yes, please. I will need a table for 4 at 18:30 on Saturday. Thank you.|Alright, I have made your reservation. The reference number is ID46B4KQ.
Can you also help me with places to go in the west of town? I'm looking for entertainment.|Whale of a Time is in the west. Does that sound good?
That sounds great. Can you tell me their postcode, address, and phone number?|Sure, it is located at unit 8, viking way, bar hill.  Postcode cb238el, and phone number 01954781018.  Is there anything else I can help you with?
I want a taxi to take me from the attraction to my restaurant in time for my reservation. Tell me the car type and contact number for the taxi too.|A black tesla will arrive. Reach them at 07424011188. Is that everything for today?
That is all for today. Thank you for your time.|You are very welcome.  Have a nice day.
I'm looking for an attraction in the center of town.|There are many churches in the center of town. Would any of those interest you?
Yes that sounds lovely. Do any of those listed charge an entrance fee?|Great Saint Mary's Church charges a fee of 2 pounds, but it is the only church with a fee listed.
Ok, could you also give me the phone number and postcode for that?|The phone number is 01223350914 and postcode is cb23pq
I'm also looking for a train that leaves from Cambridge after 20:15 on Sunday going to Peterborough.|TR6958 leaves cambridge at 20:34. Would you like to book this train?
Yes please make a booking for 7 people|Fine. Your fee is 92.4 GBP payable at the station and your reference number is T6LUYKFN.
Great thank you that should be all|You're welcome!  Have a great day!
Hi, I am so excited to see some local tourist attractions on my upcoming trip.  Can you help me find a place to dine when I am there?|Of course I can help you with that. May I ask your price range and what kind of food you would like to eat?
I would like expensive italian food.  What do you suggest?|Does it matter where your restaurant is located? We have four expensive italian restaurants in the center, and one in the south.
I would like the one in the South.|I would recommend Frankie and Bennys. Would you like any particular information about that restaurant?
Please book that one for 5 people on Thursday at 17:30.|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes on Thursday at 17:30. Your reference number is IIL1W17L
I am also looking for a swimming pool.|I would recommend parkside pools in the centre, would you like more information?
Where is the area the swimming pool is? Also can i have contact number and Car type of a taxi to commute between these to place on time.|The pool is located in the centre. For your taxi what time would like to leave the restaurant and arrive at the pool?
Well, my reservation is at 17:30 so before that.|Ok that is reserved the car type is a white skoda and contact number is 07749508592.
Great thank you, that was all I needed today.|I hope you have a great trip!
I'm visiting the area and want to stay at rosa's bed and breakfast.|Sure thing! If you can tell me the day you're arriving, the number of nights you're staying, and the number in your party, I'd be happy to book that!
I'm still working out the details for all of that.  Can you tell me the star rating of the hotel?|Rosa's bed and breakfast is a 4 star guesthouse located in the South. Can I help you further today?
Yes.  I would like to visit a museum while I am there.|The Bryard Art Museum is also in the South and has no entrance fee. Will that do?
What is the postcode, phone number and address of this place?|I'd be happy to provide the information. The address is 14 Kings's Parade, cb21sj. You can reach the museum at 01223464646. Is there anything else I can help with?
I also need a taxi that will take me there. I want to leave the hotel by 18:30. I need the contact number and car type of the taxi.|OK, a red Toyota will pick you up at Rosa's B&B at 18:30. The contact number is 07584591119.
thanks so much, bye|Thank you for contacting us. Goodbye.
I'm looking for a chinese restaurant in the south part of town.|Yes, there are three, What is your price range?
I want something expensive.|There are two restaurants that match your criteria. Peking Restaurant is one of them.
Let's book Peking for 1 person on Friday at 15:15.|I have made those reservations your reference number is J9NGMKIA.
Thanks so much for your help.|Its been my pleasure. If there's anything else I can help you with, please let me know otherwise have a great day.
Hi, I am looking for a train that is leaving on friday after 13:15.|Where would you like to leave from and go to?
I want to depart from norwich and go to cambridge.|TR1952 leaves Norwich at 13:16 and arrives in Cambridge at 14:35.  Would that work for you?
Before I commit, what would the price of the ticket be?|It would cost 17.60 pounds.
That would be great. I am also looking for the scott polar museum in town, can you tell me a little about it?|The Scott Polar Museum is located in the centre area of town, and the entrance fee is free.
Can you tell me the postcode for the museum as well?|Yes, their postcode is cb21er. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No, thanks, I've got everything. Have a nice day.|You're welcome. Good-bye.
I need a train out of london kings cross please. I'm headed to cambridge|Okay! What day would you like to leave?
I need to get there at 09:45 on Monday.|The TR9276 arrives at 8:08. Would that work for you?
Yes, I'll need one ticket.|That booking was successful and your reference number is 5150NQ2A.
Thanks. I'm also looking for places to go in the centre.|We have many fine attractions in the center of town. Might I suggest a ride on The Cambridge Punter?
What is their entrance fee?|I don't have any information on their entrance fee. Their phone number is 07807718591 if you would like to call and get that information.
Ok thank you that's all I need today.|have a great day!
I'd like to dine at an expensive restaurant in the city center.|I have several options for you - one African restaurant, one Asian Oriental, and 3 serving British cuisine. What would you like?
I am really looking for something that offers Japanese food.|We have a match for you! Wagamama is located at 36 Saint Andrews Street. The phone number is 01223462354. Would you like to book?
Yes.  Book for 3 people on Monday at 17:30.|Your booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Reference number is : BKZ9DJQN.  Is there anything else I can do to assist you?
No, that's all I needed.  Thank you for the help!|Great!  Have a terrific time!
Hello, can you recommend a moderately-priced 4-star hotel, please?|There are no moderately priced 4 star hotels but there are 11 guesthouses that fit that criteria.  Are guesthouses an option for you?
It needs to have free parking|The acorn guest house definitely fits your needs.  It's 4 star and free parking.  Shall I book you a room?
Yes, please book it for 4 nights starting Saturday.|How many people in your party?
There are 6 people. Can I have a reference number please after you are done with the booking?|Your booking was successful.  The reference number is : 2320XP1D.  What else can I help you with today?
Could you tell me if there is a multiple sports place in the centre of town?|No sorry, there is no mutliple sports attraction in the centre of town.
Will you check for colleges instead?|how about christ's college? looks fun.
That sounds good. Can I get their phone number and entrance fee please?|christ's college	 is located at saint andrew's street	and has a free entrance fee.
I guess I just need a phone number for Christ's College.  Then, I'll be all set!|I will look up the phone number. Give me one moment, please.
No problem. After I have the number, that is all I need for tonight.|the phone number is 01223334900. can i help you with anything else?
I want to visit the cambridge artworks.|Okay I found Cambridge Artworks on 5 greens road in the east. Would you like anymore information?
Yes I need to know if there is an entrance fee or not and the postcode for the area.|no entrance fee and the post code is cb13ef.
I am also looking for a restaurant in the centre.  I am interested in a moderate price range.  What can you recommend?|the oak bistro is an amazing british restaurant in the centre.
Great! Can i get their phone number, address and postcode?|The phone number is 01223323361. The address and post code are 6 Lensfield Road cb21eg. Would you like me to book a reservation for your party?
Yes please. I would also like to book a restaurant.|Great, ,can you let  me know what day, time and how many people will be there?
Don't worry about booking me. I need to get a ride to the restaurant though.|Okay, I will need to know your departure location and a time to leave at or arrive by before I can book a taxi
I want to leave the restaurant at 04:30. My destination is Cambridge Artworks. Please give me car type and contact info.|You are all set with a white tesla, contact: 07205500019
Thanks, I won't need anything else today|You're welcome and enjoy your stay.
I need to catch a train out of Bishops Stortford, to arrive by 20:45.|There are many trains. Where is your destination? What day would you like to travel?
Cambridge on saturday.|I have the TR7734 leaving at 19:29 and arriving at 20:07. Would you like me to book that for you?
Sounds perfect, but I don't need it booked just yet. What's the price on that?|The price is 8.08 pounds. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Thanks.  Yes, I am looking for a particular attraction.|Happy to help. What is the name of the attraction you are interested in?
It's called St. Catherine's College. What's the fee to get in there, and is it a college, architecture, or what?|It is free.
Is this attraction an actual college still or are the buildings just there for architecture?|It's of the type of college. Can I help you with anything else?
No thank you! That will be all for today!|Thank you for using our service today!
Hi I am looking for a cheap place to dine serving Italian food|You have a few options for italian dining. What area of town would you prefer?
The area doesn't matter to me.|La Margherita serves Italian food in your price range. It's located in the west. Would you like additional information on this restaurant?
Yes can I have the phone number?|The phone number for La Margherita is 01223315232 and they're located at 15 Magdalene Street City Center. Would you like me to make a reservation for you?
Not at the moment.  However, I am also looking for a museum.  Can you assist me with that?|Absolutely! Would you like me to search for one in the same area?
Can you book it for me and get a reference number ?|I am sorry but you cannot book a museum but I can provide you with information about it.
Can I get the phone number and the entrance fee then?|how about byard art? it's phone number is  01223464646 and the entrance fee is free.
That sounds great, thanks for all of your help.  I won't be needing anything else.  Bye.|You're welcome, have a great day.
I would like a hotel to stay in while I visit cambridge.|Sure, what part of town do you prefer?
We're visiting the south part of town, so let's stick with that area.|My favorite place in the south is the Aylesbray Lodge Guest House. Would you like me to book a room for you?
I need it to be a 4 star Guesthouse with free parking. Does this fit our needs?|aylesbray lodge guest house is a 4 star and is in the south of town
I actually only want a guesthouse if there is not a 4 star hotel with free parking available in the south|The Aylesbray Lodge Guest House fits your criteria. Would you like to make a booking?
No, I don't need a reservation right now, but I do need their phone number, postcode, and address.|01223240089	cb17sr 5 mowbray road. is there something else i can help you with?
I would like to visit a museum in the west. Are there any museums I can see?|There are quite a few! I recommend kettles yard or the cafe jello gallery. Both have free admission.
Ok. let me think about it. That will be all for today. Goodbye|Thank you for calling Cambridge TownInfo centre! We are happy to serve you and hope you have a wonderful time in Cambridge!
I'm looking to book a particular hotel today. Could you help me?|I sure can.  We have 33 hotels and guesthouses to choose from.  Is there anything specific you need from the hotel/guesthouse?
I'm actually looking for Finches Bed and Breakfast. Is that on your list?|Yes, the address is 144 thorton road and they can be reached at 01223276653. Anything else?
Do they have free parking and what type of hotel is it?|It is a guesthouse and it does have free parking. Would you like me to make a reservation for you?
I'm also looking for attractions in center and free entrance.|We have 25 attractions in the centre with free entry. Do you have a preference for what type of attraction you'd like to visit?
Not really, pick the one you think would be best for a tourist.|I would recommend the primavera museum, would you like more info?
Is there an entrance fee?|The entrance fee is free. Would you like me to look up anything else for you?
Yes, I need to book a taxi to get between the two places.|what time would you like to leave the finches bed and breakfast?
Actually, I want to go from Primavera to the hotel, please.|What time would you like to be picked up?
I need to leave the attraction by 9:15.|You will be picked up by a red ford. Your contact number is 07926020669. May I help with something else?
That is all for now. Thank you so much for your help.|Thank you for calling and have a fantastic trip to Cambridge! Goodbye.
Can you help me find some local tourist attractions?|Absolutely! Is there a certain type of attraction you're interested in visiting, or are you looking for something in a certain area?
I am interested in something in the centre of town. Are there any entertainment options there?|I'm sorry, there's no entertainment in the centre. Can I look in a different area for you?
Are there any colleges I could check out?|I found 13. How about emmanuel college?
What do they have to offer ?|They have free admission and are located at saint andrew's street
Great. Can I have the phone number?|The phone number is 01223334200. Do you need anything else?
I'm also looking for a barbeque restaurant in the same area as the college.|I'm sorry there aren't any barbecue restaurants in the centre. Would you like to try another type of food or area?
how about asian oriental food|There are 4 Asian restaurants in the Centre. Do you have a price range in mind?
I would prefer a cheap restaurant.|dojo noodle bar is a great cheap restaurant in the centre of town serving asian oriental food. Can i provide you more information or book it for you?
It sounds yummy. Please book a table for Saturday at 19:30 for 7 people.|Your are booked, reference number is 2DNBVG3Z, table is held for 15 minutes after booking time.  Any further questions?
That is all I needed. Thank you for your help.|You're welcome! Have a great day.
I am checking on the train schedule from Peterborough to Cambridge.|Sure many trains use that route. It would be helpful if you could narrow down a specific travel time.
I want to leave after 10:00.|What day do you want to depart?
i want to depart on thursday.|TR418 leaves at 10:19. Whould you like me to book it?
I will book it myself.|OK - is there anything else I can help you with today?
I also need an attraction.|Ok, I can help you with that. What type of attraction are you looking for?
I'm just looking for something fun to do in the centre of town.  Do you have any recommendations?|I'd recommend Vue Cinema. Would you like more information?
Can I get the phone number please?|Sure, their number is 08712240240. Is there anything else I can help with?
No thank you. That is all for today. Goodbye|thank you and enjoy your stay.
Are there any theatres in town?|There are 5 theatres in town. Do you have a preference for a specific area?
No, which one do you think is the best?|I'd recommend the Cambridge Arts Theatre, myself.
That sounds good. Can I get the address and postcode, please?|The address is 6 Saint Edward's Passage and the post code is cb23pj. Do you need the phone number as well?
That won't be necessary. Thanks for the help!|Have a nice stay in the town, and enjoy the play in the theatre.
Thank you, good bye.|Thank, you good bye.
Hello!  I'm looking for some entertainment in the centre please!|There is a movie theatre, a concert hall, nightclubs, and museums. What would you like?
Could you please provide me with some information on an attraction that is in he type of museum?|There are 11 museums listed in the centre area. Cambridge contemporary art and castle galleries are two that are listed. Would you like more information on one of these?
What is the entrance fee for the contemporary art museum?|The entrance fee is free.
Free is the best price! I'll probably be hungry after the museum. Are there any moderately priced Italian restaurants around?|Pizza Express is a moderately priced restaurant in the centre of town. Would you like more information on it or to are you interested in booking a table?
Could you book a table for me? I need a reservation for 3 people at 11:30 on Wednesday.|It has been booked, your reference number is QFN3A3E9.
Great! I'll need a taxi that will take me from the museum to the restaurant by 11:30. Can you book one for me?|Its booked! Its a red Volvo
Can I please have the contact number for the taxi company?|Of course. The contact number is 07172397913. Can I help with anything else?
Thank you for your assistance.|Thank you using Cambridge TownInfo centre today! Enjoy the rest of your day.
Hi! I am attempting to find a restaurant in Cambridge called Traveller's Rest. Do you know of it?|Sure, do you want me to make a booking or do you need more information?
I would like to book a table for 3 people at 14:30 on sunday. I will need the reference number as well.|Ok, it's booked! Your reference number for the reservation is GZ16XA39.
Great! I'm also looking for something fun to do in town. Can you help me find something to do?|We have many great attractions here. Is there some place specific you would like to go?
I am looking for something in the centre.|Ok, is there a specific attraction type you are interested in seeing?
I am looking for an entertainment attraction preferably.|I'm not showing anything in the centre.  Is there another area you're interested in visiting, or a different type of attraction?
Ok, how about a park in the centre. Are there any?|I am not finding any parks. Sorry.
what kind of entertainment are there in centre?|There isn't any entertainment in the centre would you like to try another area or another type of attraction?
Just find me a park anywhere then.|cambridge university botanic gardens is in the centre area. I'm sorry I couldnt find it before. Can I get you more info on that?
Could you provide me with the address, please?|The address there is bateman street.
Thank you! I will also need a taxi to commute between the two places.|I'd be happy to book a taxi for you.  Where would you like to depart from?
From the park to the restaurant, I would like to get there by the booked time.|I have your taxi booked, it is a black toyota and the contact number is 07523319524.  Can I help with anything else?
No, thank you. I have everything I need at this time.|Your welcome. enjoy your stay in Cambridge.
I need a place to dine that is expensive in the centre.|I can help with that.  Did you have a price range in mind?
Expensive, please. British food.|Okay, I recommend midsummer house restaurant in Midsummer Common. Would you like a reservation?
Yes I would love that. I need to make the reservation for 8 people for 16:15 on Thursday.|Ok, you're all set, the table will be reserved for 15 minutes and your reference number is : 48QP48K1. Can I help you with anything else?
Thanks for handling the restaurant. I will have time to  check out the town. Do you have multiple sports in the same area as the restaurant?|No, there aren't any multiple sports places in the centre.  Would you like me to check a different part of town?
Why don't you try looking for a college in that area instead please|There are 13 colleges in the centre. I recommend downing college.
Okay, that sounds nice. Can you give me their phone number and tell me their entrance fee?|01223334860 is the phone number, and entrance is free. Anything else today?
No, that's all I needed. Thanks for your help!|You have a wonderful day and a great trip.
I am looking for places to go here in the centre of town.  Could you please assist me?|What kind of place? Are you looking for entertainment, dinner, culture, or what?
I would like to go to a museum please.|I recommend Castle Galleries.
Does Castle Galleries have an entrance fee?|No, Castle Galleries is free to enter!
Wonderful. I am also looking for a Chinese restaurant near the Castle Galleries. Can you book me a table for 7 people on Sunday at 12:30?|Would you like a cheap, moderate, or expensive restaurant?
It doesn't matter, whatever you recommend will be fine. As long as it's in the same area as Castle Galleries and serves Chinese food.|I have the Sesame Restaurant and Bar that is a more expensive Chinese restaurant also located in the town centre. Would you like more information or I also have others?
Yes, I would like to go to the Sesame Restaurant and Bar. I would need to book a taxi to get from the museum to the restaurant.|I have booked you a blue toyota taxi and its contact number is 07271370296.
Great, wonderful! That's all I needed.|If that is all, I would like to thank you for using our service.
i need a good place to go in the centre|We have amazing various of attractions in the centre area! What type of attraction are you looking for?
Nothing in particular. Any recommendations?|Let me suggest the Museum of Archaeology and Anthropology. Their admission is free and the phone number is 01223333516.
I also need a moderate priced place to stay.|I have many moderate priced hotels available.  What part of town would you prefer?
Any area is fine are there any with a 3 star rating? I don't need free parking or internet.|alpha-milton guest house is in the north. Would you like me to book you a room?
Yes, please coming in on monday for 5 nights for 3 people.|Would you like me to book it for you?
Can you book it for me and get a reference number ?|I booked it for you. Your reference number is as follows: 5MM5C3UC. Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
That will be all, thanks!|Happy to help! Have a good trip!
Yes hi, I'm looking for an expensive place to dine.|Did you have a particular area you would like to visit?
The north that serves tuscan food and is insanely expensive, money is no object.|We have no matching records for that. Would you like to change something?
That is disappointing.  How about some French food?|Restaurant Two Two serves French food and is very expensive. Will that work for you?
That sounds lovely. What's their phone number, address and postcode?|Their phone number is 01223351880.  They are located at 22 Chesterton Road Chesterton, post code cb43ax.  Is there anything else I can help you with tonight?
Yes.  After dinner I'd like to go to parkside pools.  What is the address and postcode?|I can provide that for you. Parkside pools is located on Gonville Place and their postcode is cb11ly. Can I help with anything else?
Yes, can I also get their entrance fee, phone number, and attraction type, please?|The entrance fee isn't listed, but the attraction type is swimmingpool, and the number is 01223446100.
Are you sure the entrance fee isn't listed? It should be.|No, the entrance fee is not listed.
Thank you so much for all your help. That will be everything today.|Your welcome. Have a great day?
Hello, I'm looking for an inexpensive hotel to stay in while I'm in Cambridge. I would like it to be a guesthouse type of room please.|I have several throughout the city.  Is there any location you would prefer it in?
No, but I want free parking.|Great. I have 9 available that offer free parking. Is there a star rating you'd prefer?
I'd prefer one with at least a 2 star rating. I'd also like one with internet.|There are no 2 star hotels available.
No star rating. I just need it to be a guesthouse, cheap, free parking and if they have internet.|Okay I'll need some more information to book that for you. How many people, for how long and when please?
I'm not ready to book just yet.  Do any have internet?|How about the alexander bed and breakfast. And has free parking and free wifi.
That sounds fine. I'm also looking for something to do in the west part of town. Got any recommendations?|we have lovely college's in the west, clare hall is one of my favorites!
Ok, let's try Clare Hall. What's the address and postcode?|Clare Hall is located on Herschel Road and has the postcode CB39AL. Is there anything else I can help with?
No, that is all I need today. Thank you so much.|Thank you for contacting the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Goodbye
I am planning my trip and would like to find a guesthouse to stay at.|And where would you like this guesthouse to be?
North part of town and moderate price with wifi|How about acorn guest house?
Do they have free parking?|Yes they do have free parking. Do you need me to book you a room?
No, please get me their address and phone number.|They are on 154 chesterton road, postal is cb41da, phone number is 01223353888, can I help with anything else?
I was wondering whether there are any concerthalls in the east that I could check out.|I'm sorry. I'm not finding any concert halls in the east. Would you like to try a different area or attraction type?
How about a museum?|we have museums in the east quite a few actually how can I help you?
Just pick one.|Okay! How about Cambridge Artworks? Admission is free!
Sure, I can try that.|Ok great, is there anything else I can help you with today?
What is the postcode to that place?|The postcode for Cambridge artworks is cb13ef. Anything else I can do for you?
No thank you that will be all|You're welcome, Have a great day!
i am looking for a restaurant in the expensive price range and should be in the centre part of town.|Do you have a certain type of cuisine in mind?
Anything would be fine.|Well, if you're interested in something unusual, we have the Bedouin, which serves African cuisine. Or there's the more traditional Cote, which serves French cuisine.
Thank you what is the address and what is the pesticide for Bedouln. What fun attractions are near by?|The address for bedouin is 100 Mill Road City Centre and the postcode is cb12bd. What kind of attraction are you looking for?
I'm looking for a college, fairly close to the restaurant, if at all possible.|There are many colleges in the area I recommend corpus christi it costs 2 pounds but is beautiful. A free college is emmanuel college. Can I help with anything else?
I need a taxi to help me get around between the two areas. I want to leave the restaurant at 12:00.|first, let's determine which of the two colleges you would like to be your destination after the restaurant.
I'd like to go to Emmanuel College from the restaurant.|Your all set, look for a red lexus, the contact number is 07138753925, can I assist with anything else?
Thanks! No that's it!|Thanks for calling - and enjoy your trip! Goodbye!
Hi, I'm looking for a Portuguese restaurant in the south of Cambridge.|I can recommend Nandos, a cheap portuguese place in the south.  I can help you book a table if you'd like.
Yes please.  A table for 2 at 15:30 on Thursday would be great.|Great I was able to get that booked for you. Reservation # is ID2VGNB7. Is there anything else?
Yes. I'd also like to go to a museum in the same area.|Byard Art is in the south. They're at 14 King's Parade. Would that suit you?
Yes, can I purchase the tickets now or do I need to buy them at the door?|For the museum the admission is free of charge, so you do not have to have a ticket. Is there anything else I can help with?
Can I please get a phone number?|The phone number for byard art is 	01223464646. Is that all you needed help with?
Yeah, that should be all, thank you.|Great, enjoy the trip!
I'm looking for places to go in town. The attractions should be in the centre.|There are many things to do in a centre. Are you most interested in a museum, a church, a college, or something else?
Book me for a college and  entrance fee, attraction type, and postcode|downing college is a college, it is free. Postcode: cb21dq.
I also am looking for a hotel in Cambridge.|What preference would you have in relation to price, area or amenities.
I would like a guesthouse in the moderate price range that has free parking & wifi.|What about archway house in the north?
That sounds nice, I need to arrive on sunday, I will have 8 total guests and we are staying for 4 nights.|Booking was successful.Reference number is : VQ9MDB4E. is therebany other way i can be of help?
Thank you! Will you please book me a taxi between the two places, leaving at 01:45?|I have booked your taxi. You will be awaiting a yellow toyota. If you need to contact the driver for any reason, the number is 07039085605.
Thank you that was all I needed.|Thank you for using our services. Have all of your needs been met today?
Yes, that is all. Goodbye.|Your welcome, it was my pleasure. Have a great day. Goodbye
I'm looking for places go to in the south of town.|The attraction types in the south area are theatre, park, nightclub, museum, cinema, and entertainment. Which one are you interested in?
I am interested in cinemas specifically.|The Cineworld Cinema is in the South part of town. Their phone number is 00872208000. Would you like their address?
Yes, please give me the address and postcode.|It's located at cambridge leisure park, clifton way and the postcode is cb17dy
Excellent. I'd also like a train please. One that leaves from london liverpool street to cambridge.|There are 70 trains that leave from London Liverpool Street to Cambridge, what day and time would you like to leave?
The first train after 21:15 works for me. I need to book it for three people, please provide the reference number.|I can certainly book that for you! However, could you let me know what day of the week you'll be travelling?
I will be traveling on Monday, and I will need the reference number as well.|That would be TR5906 at 21:39 on Monday.
Thank you so much for all your help.|I have booked 3 tickets for you for 49.8gbp payable at the station. your reference number is ETOI91ON
Great! Thank you. What a relief.|Will you be needing anything else today?
No thank you. That is everything I need at this time.|Great, have a wonderful day!
Can you help me with finding a hotel today, please?|There are 33 hotels in the city. Can we start by you telling me what area of town you are looking to stay?
The south, please.|That narrows it down a bit to 4 options - 3 guesthouses and 1 hotel. Are you looking for something in a particular price range or star rating?
I prefer a guesthouse with free wifi.|My search found one 4 star moderate hotel, one 3 star moderate hotel and one 4 star cheap hotel and all with free wifi.  Which one will you prefer?
Let's try the cheap one. Could you give me the address and postcode?|Yes the postcode is cb22ha and the address is 53 roseford road.  Would you like me to book it for you?
No thanks.  Could you find a multiple sports attraction in the centre?|There is no multiple sports attraction in the centre but there is one in the east. Are you interested?
Well, maybe try a swimming pool. That might be better.|Parkside pools is available, address gonville place, postal cb11ly, prices vary by season and day, but you can call 01223446100 for more info.  Any further questions?
No, that's all I needed today. Thanks for all your help! Goodbye!|enjoy your stay in Cambridge!
I need a train from kings lynn, please.|What day and what time?
I would like to leave on Thursday and arrive by 15:15.|I found 10 trains that match. How about TR2788 that leaves at 05:11?
that sounds fine. book for 8 people and get me the reference number|I booked the train. Your reference is 8FYR7N4L and it was 78.4 total.
Great! Can you also recommend something interesting to do while I am in town?|Little saint mary's church	has some great architecture you could check out
Is that in the Centre? If so, could I get the postcode, and how much the entrance fee is?|Sure thing! their postcode is cb58bs and there is no entrance fees to get in
Great, that's all I needed!|Wonderful! Have a great day!
Hi, I am planning a trip to your beautiful town and am looking for places to go when I get there.  Can you help me?|Certainly.  Do you have any particular types of things you'd like to see?
I'm interested in exploring the local architecture.|There are many colleges and churches to see.
Do you have a favorite?|My favorite is clare hall.
I need a place that is architecture.|How about old schools?  It is architecture and a school!
Could I have the postcode, area and entrance fee of what you recommend?|Okay, Old Schools is on Trinity Lane and is in the centre. Post code is cb21tt and it is free admission.
Thanks! I'm also looking for an expensive, 2-star place to stay in the north. Do you have anything like that?|there are no expensive hotel in the north. can you change the location?
I would like to stay in the north but can you try in the moderate price range and see if any are available?|We have 2 matches. ashley hotel and lovell lodge. Both have the identical amenities. Do you prefer one over the other?
Let's go with Ashley Hotel.  For 8 people and 2 nights starting from Saturday.  I need the reference number.|You are booked, the reference number is QBIAGDVH, is there anything else that I can assist with?
I also need to book a taxi from Old Schools to leave by 21:30|Where would you like to be picked up?
Pick me up from the hotel.|Your taxi has been booked. It will be a blue Skoda and the contact number is 07641158259.
Thank you for all your help! That will be all!|Thank you for choosing Cambridge Town Info Centre. Have a good day!
I am looking for a place to dine! I would prefer chinese food located in the north.|There are 3 Chinese restaurants in the north. One is in the moderate price range and two are in the expensive price range. Do you have a preference?
I would like one in the expensive range please|I can recommend the hotpot.  Would you like help making a reservation?
Not at this time. Can I have the address, phone number, and postcode?|The address is 66 Chesterton Road Chesterton, the post code is cb41ep and the phone number is 01223366552. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yeah I'd like to go somewhere in town, like a boat or something.|If you are interested in boating, I have 4 different venues available. I have some in the north, east and centre of town. Which do you prefer?
How about one in the north?|The Riverboat Georgina may interest you then it is located at Cambridge Passenger Cruisers, Jubilee House in the North with a phone number of 01223902091.  Can I help you more?
I will also need a taxi to get to the boat from the restaurant.|When would you like to arrive by?
I need to arrive by 14:15|I was able to book you a black volkswagen, phone number is 07123207292
Thank you, that's all I need today.|Thank you for using our system!
I need a place to stay in Cambridge. It should be either a hotel or guesthouse with 1 star and moderate price range. Can you help me with that?|There are actually no 1-star accommodations anywhere in Cambridge.
Okay, how about 2 stars? It does need to include free parking.|ashley hotel is a nice 2 star hotel.
How about a hotel with 4 stars instead?|At 4 stars you have many options. What part of town would you like to stay in?
I'd like to stay in a good part of town.  Can you please give me the phone number?|The Alexander bed and breakfast is located in the centre. The phone number is 01223525725.
what's their address?|the address is 56 saint barnabas road
What hotel type is that?|It is a guesthouse. Want me to book it?
No thank you. I do need help finding places to go in town. I'm looking for entertainment in the centre of  town.|I dont see any entertainment in the center of town. Could I try a different area for you?
How about a college instead?|There are several available. Do you have a preference on if there is a fee or free?
Free would be preferable. I also need a taxi.|Okay, christ's college is free admission.
I would also like to book a taxi to and from the hotel that leaves by 13:30.|Okay! Just to clarify, from where will you be departing?
I am so sorry.  I don't know where my head has been. I need to leave the hotel by 13:30, going to Christ's College.|Great! I have booked a taxi for you. The car will be a yellow audi, and the contact number is 07663388074. Can I help with anything else?
you have been of great help thank you|I am glad. thanks you too.
Can you find me a train from Cambridge to Leicester?|There are several what day and time do you want to leave or arrive?
I'd like to leave on wednesday and should arrive by 13:00|The TR2176 leaves Cambridge at 09:21 and gets into Leicester at 11:06. Will that work for you?
What is the price of that train?|The price is 37.80 pounds.  Would you like to go ahead a book a seat?
Yes, I would like to book a seat on that train. Thank you.|Just to clarify, am I booking just one ticket or more?
yes. also findme primavera's phone number|Booking was successful, the total fee is 37.79 GBP payable at the station .
Reference number is : 2Z3LQ075. What else did you need?
Thanks. I am also looking for the Primavera. It is an attraction.|yes its a very nice attraction.
Can I get their phone number please?|their phone number is 01223357708. can i help with something else?
No. That will be all. Thank you.|Thank you for contacting the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Goodbye
I'd like information about an attraction called Williams Art and Antiques. Can you help me with that?|Sure! It is a museum in the centre and is free to enter. The phone number is 01223311687. Is there any other information you would like?
No, thank you.|You're welcome. I hope you enjoy the museum!
I am also looking for a place to eat in the expensive price range that serves chinese, can you help me with that too?|I have several choices for expensive Chinese food. Can I recommend tang chinese? It is in the centre of town.
That sounds perfect. Can you tell me their phone number?|Yes, it is 01223357187. Would you like me to make  reservation?
Not at this time, but thank you.  I appreciate your help.|No problem! I hope you enjoy your day!
i am looking for a place to dine. The restaurant should serve chinese food and should be in the expensive price range.|There are 9 to choose from. Do you have a preference as to area?
Area isn't important, can you recommend a good one?|peking restaurant	 is located in the south. can i give you their contacts?
Can you please make a reservation for me for 8 people at 16:30 on Tuesday?|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Reference number is : B8VXAZN0.
Thank you. I also would like to visit somewhere in the centre of town.|There are many places to visit in the centre of town. Is there something specific you are wanting or would you like a recommendation?
Any attraction is fine honestly, but how about a night club?|There are 5 nightclubs in the centre. I recommend soul tree nightclub their entrance fee is 4 pounds. Would that one interest you?
That sounds fun!  How much is it to get in?|Entrance fee is 4 pounds. They are located at 1-6 corn exchange street, phone number 01223477900. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Thank is all. Thanks so much!|You are welcome. Let us know if you need anything else.
i want to go boating in the centre of the town.|There are two places you could go boating. One is on Mill Lane and one is on Chesterton Road. Which would you prefer?
I would like the phone number for the one on Mill Lane please.|That is 01223359750. The company is scudamores punting co. Can I help with anything else?
Yes I need a train going to Cambridge and arriving by 09:30.|There are multiple options but I need more information from you first. Where are you departing from and what day do you wish to travel?
I want to leave on Tuesday from Kings Lynn|TR9854 departs at 05:11 arriving at 05:58. Would you like me to book that for you?
Yes, please book for me.|Sure, just the 1 ticket?
I need the travel time and price.|The price of the ticket is 9.80 pounds and leaves at 5:11.  The duration of trip is 47 minutes. Anything else I can do?
No.  All set.  Thanks.|You're very welcome! Have a great day!
What is the address to the hospital in North?|I'm sorry there seems to be an error in our system.  Please send your request again.
What is the address to the hospital there was no error you just didn't want to look it up.|Hmmmm, our system does seem to be having an error right now.  Perhaps we could find some other information for you and then come back to the hospital.
I am looking for bridge guest house, information on their phone number as well as if they have free parking. I am also looking for places to go.|The Bridge Guest House has free parking. The number is 01223247942. May I try looking up the hospital again for you?
No that's okay, I do need an entertainment attraction in the east, though.|camboats is awesome!
Ok! I need the entrance fee please.|They do not list their entrance fee but you can call them at 01223902112 to get it. If you want something free may I suggest Cambridge Artworks?
Is it on the east?|Yes, it is on the East. Would you like more information?
Can you just tell me what the entrance fee is please?|The entrance fee is free.  Was there anything else I could help you with?
I think that will do it.  Thank you for your help today.|Thank you for contacting us and have a nice day.
I need to find a nightclub to visit while in town.|Our night life is so much fun! How about ballare in the centre? Their phone number is 01223364222.
I was looking for something in the east actually.|Unfortunately there are no nightclubs in East city, they are mostly in Centre city with one in the south as well. Would you like info for one of those?
I'd really like to stay on the east side. What about a museum?|The Cambridge Artworks museum is on the east side.  It's lovely and, better yet, it's free!
Okay.  What is the address and postcode for that museum?|They are located at 5 Greens Road and the postcode is cb13ef. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I also need some info on the a and b guest house.|The A and B guest house is moderately priced with 4 stars and free internet but no parking, unfortunately. What else can I do for you?
I'd like to book for 6 people starting Thursday for 3 nights.|I have you booked at the A and B. Your reference number is Q4AP5YL1. Is there anything else that I can help you with?
No, that's all I need for now. Thank you for your help!|You are welcome, enjoy the museum.
I need a train to cambridge on monday.|We have many trains heading to Cambridge on Monday. What is your point of departure for that day?
I want to go to ely and arrive by 11:15.|I'm sorry for the confusion, just to verify-are you departing from Cambridge with Ely as your destination?
No, sorry, I am traveling to Cambridge from Ely.|I have train TR2013 leaving at 5:50 and arriving at 6:07. Would you like to make reservations for that?
Yes please. Make a booking for 6 people and send me the reference number|You are booked and ready to go. Your reference number is 9QJPHZUT. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes I need a place to go in the centre.|In the centre, we have more than 40 attractions. Everything from museums, colleges, nightclubs, boating, theatres, etc. Is there something you have in mind?
What are the theatres options?|There are four theatre options all in the centre.  Would you like to try the Mumford Theatre?
Sure. What's the postcode?|postcode is cb11pt.
Thank you for your help. Have a great day.|your very welcome!
I would like to know if there is an Italian restaurant nearby me.|We have 15 italian restaurants.  Let me find one close to you, what area are you in?
I guess we don't need a restaurant after all. My husband isn't hungry. He wants to take a look at a college instead.|There are many colleges to choose from, which area of town are you interested in?
I would like to find one in the west. Are there any in that area?|The are five colleges in the west. Would you like to visit a free one or one with an entrance fee?
I don't care, just need the postcode, phone number, and address.|Okay Churchill College is free and their address is  Storey's Way, their postcode is cb30ds and their phone number is 01223336233.
I am also looking for a restaurant. The restaurant should be in the moderate price range and should be in the same area as the attraction.|What type of food would you like?
how about you suggest one and book a table for 4 at 15:15 on wednesday, and I'll need the reference number too please|Ok, I've booked you a table for 4 at Prezzo. Reference number is YXVRL9YK, and the table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Do you need anything else?
I'll also be needing a taxi to get me from the college to the restaurant.|When and where would you like to be picked up?
From Churchill, and i want to get there by the time you booked my table.|I have a red audi and the contact number is 07674679354. Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
Thats everything I needed thanks for the help!|Thank you for using our service today!
Can you help me find a museum to visit?|I can. Does location matter?
No, it does not matter.  You can make a suggestion and provide the address and postcode.|cambridge and county folk museum located at 2-3 Castle street. 3.50 pounds to get in, but well worth it.Check out the gift shop too.
Can I have the postcode, please?|The postcode is at cb30aq
Thanks much! Oh and I'd also like to find a place to dine in the centre. Can you help me with that too?|Absolutely. What sort of cuisine would you like?
I'd like modern American in the moderate price range, if possible?|I have none that match your criteria.  May I suggest a different area or food type?
If you don't have any Modern American places, maybe Modern European?|There are 2 modern European restaurants.
Could you pick one and give me the postcode and phone number?|Sure thing here you go 01223259988 and cb21rt.
What is the address?|Riverside Brasseri, located at Doubletree by Hilton Cambridge Granta Place Mill Lane. Will there be anything else?
great! I also want to book a taxi from the cambridge and county folk museum going to Riverside Brasseri by 18:30.|Ok great, your booking is completed. Car type is a Blue Lexus, contact number is 07998934356.
Can you reserve it for me?|Your booking is complete. Can I help you with anything else?
What adult attraction are within 5 miles of the restaurant?|I have ballare nightclub very close in the same area.
I was never given the car type and contact number for my taxi, could you please provide them?|I'd be happy to give that to you again. Car type is a Blue Lexus, contact number is 07998934356. Can I assist you further?
NO that was all I needed. THank you,|thank you for choosing us
i am glad i was of help|Thank you for calling today. Please feel free to reach out if you need anything else. Goodbye.
Can you tell me about an attraction found in the centre?|There are 44 attractions. What type would you like?
just any. give me one option with its phone number,postcode and address.|Little Saint Mary's Church. You'll have to go to Little Saint Mary's Lane. The postcode is cb21qy and the phone number is 01223366202.
Thank you. Can you tell me some information for a place called the Autumn House. I am not sure if its a hotel or guest house.|there is no hotel in our records that goes by that name
Are you sure autumn house is no longer there?|Sorry, I found it! It's a guesthouse. Would you like for me to book you a room there?
How many stars is it?|I apologize, I was able to find your requested Autumn House. It's a 4 star,  guesthouse. Would you like to book it? Which days, people, etc?
No, thanks. I was just looking for the star rating, which you've already given me.|No problem, Can I help with anything else?
I just needs the taxi to the hotel, I need to leave the attraction by 05:45.  (I'm doing a volunteer overnight security shift there for the experience)|Sounds like a great experience. A black volvo will pick you up at the church and drop you at the hotel. You can reach the driver at 07118076381
Great, that is all I needed. Thank you|I hope you have a good trip.  Have a great day.
Hello, i'm looking for a restaurant called river bar steakhouse and grill.|This is a modern european, cheap restaurant. It's in the centre, located at Quayside Off Bridge Street.
What is their postcode?|Their post code is cb58aq.  Would you like me to make a reservation for you?
Not right now. Is there anywhere to go for entertainment in the south?|There's the tenpin entertainment attraction in the south.
Can you tell me more about The Tenpin? And can you give me a phone number and postcode?|The Tenpin can be reached at 08715501010. Their postcode is cb17dy. Is there anything else you needed?
Thanks. I will also need a taxi between The Tenpin and river bar steakhouse and grill.|I can do that for you. Do you know when you'd like to leave or arrive so I can schedule the car?
I would like to leave our attraction by 2:30 and head to the restaurant.|Ok, you are all set look for a Yellow Lexus, if you need to contact the taxi, they can be reached at 07983066383
Great, thank you so much! That's all I will need for today!|Thank you for using our services. Have a great day.
I've heard about a hotel called Kirkwood House, but the only thing I know about it is the name. Can you tell me more?|Certainly. Kirkwood House is a guesthouse on the north side of town. They're a moderately priced establishment with 4 stars, offering both free wifi and free parking.
Thank you. I would like to book for 7 people for 2 nights, starting from Monday at the Kirkwood House Hotel.|I am unable to book that for you, we can try another day or a shorter stay if you like
How about for just one night instead?|Your booking was successful. The reference number is KXEQUQA0. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I am also looking for a nightclub in the centre of town.|Would you be interested in Soul Tree Nightclub located at 1-6 corn exchange street?
Sure, can I get the postcode, entrance fee and phone number please?|They are located in cb23qf and can be reached at 01223477900. The cover charge is 4 pounds.
I also need a taxi to get between the two places. I want to leave by 16:15.|I would be happy to help with that! Will you be traveling from the hotel to the nightclub, or vice versa?
Yes. Can I get a contact number and car type?|I was able to book that taxi for you. Be looking for a grey Volkswagen. Should you need to reach them, please call 07543420592. Anything else I can help with?
No, that will be all. Thank you!|You're welcome.  Have a great day.
I'd like a train leaving from London Liverpool Street on Wednesday, please.|Of course. What's your destination? Also when do you wish to leave and arrive by?
I am going to  cambridge & leaving after 11:15.|I have an 11:39. Would you like me to book that for you?
I'd like the train ID, price, and arrival time please.|The Train ID is TR4161, price is 16.60 and arrival time is 13:07. Would you like me to book that for you?
Yes, when is the arrival time on that? And how much for 1 ticket?|I have booked you a seat on the train leaving at 11:39 and arriving in Cambridge by 13:07. Total cost is 16.6 GBP. The reference # is Q0IMH7R0.
Thanks.  Could you also look up information for Jesus College?|They are a college located in the centre area, at jesus lane. Their entrance fee is free.
That's all I needed.|Great, glad I could help!
Can you help me find a hotel to stay in that includes free wifi and has a 4 star rating? Thanks!|Acorn guest house is available would you like to stay there?
Is it moderately priced? Also, I think I need it in the east part of town.|The a and b guest house is moderately priced and in the east part of town.  Would you like their phone number?
Please, thank you.|Their number is 01223315702, can I assist with anything else?
Yes, I am also looking for information on any places of entertainment in town.|I have 5 different entertainment attractions in town. I have 2 in the east, 2 in the south and 1 in the west. Did you have a preference?
same part of town as the hotel.|Sure I have two entertainment places the Cherry Hinton Hall and Grounds and the Funky Fun House. Do you have a preference?
No, I just need the postcode|Cherry hinton hall and grounds has the postcode cb18dw. Funky fun house's postcode is cb58hy. Do you need anything else?
I now need a taxi|Ok, can you confirm where you want to be picked up and when?
09:45 at Funky fun house's. Please give the car type and contact number?|I would love to help where are going to?
back to the hotel|I have a Grey Audi scheduled to pick you up from funky fun house at 9:45 and take you back to the hotel. your confirmation # is 07146100465. Anything else?
Nope that'll be all thank you.|Glad I could help. Have a great day!
I'm looking for a college in town.|Is there a particular area you're looking for a college in? Christ's college is in the centre area, it is located on saint andrew's street.
Could you give me the address for it?|The address is saint andrew's street and the postcode is cb23bu. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I also need a cheap restaurant in the same area as the attraction.|I have 15 options in that area.  Do you have a certain type of food you would like?
I'm open to try anything. Can you recommend one of the restaurants you found in the centre area?|May I suggest charlie chan? It meets all your criteria.
That sounds good. Could you book it for 3 people at 18:15 on wednesday?|Not a problem your reservation for Charlie chan is set for Wednesday at 18:15 for 3 people, and your reference number QAU8U9M7.  Anything else I can help with?
Yes, I need a taxi to travel from christ's college to charlie chan and arrive by 18:15.|I booked the taxi for you.  It's a grey Honda and the contact number is 07889503831. Anything else I can assist you with?
.
That is all I needed today.|In that case I hope you have a wonderful visit and enjoy the rest of your day! Goodbye!
Yes im looking to book a taxi from Cambride TownInfo Centre to a fancy restraunt rated 5 Stars!|Could you tell me what time you would like to leave?
I'm sorry, I am actually looking for the postcode of King's College. Could you provide that for me?|Absolutely - King's College is located on King's Parade, postcode cb21st. Will you be needing anything else today?
I am also looking for a place to stay that has a star of 4 and free parking.|Certainly, would you like a specific area of town? Do you prefer a hotel or guesthouse?
No preference on location but I would like a hotel. I would also like moderate pricing.|Unfortunately we don't have any moderate priced hotel type hotels. Would you prefer a different type or price range.
How about an expensive one?|there are 2 expensive hotels available
Book one of them for two people, five nights, starting Wednesday.|I'm sorry,  but neither are available on those days. Would you like to try a different starting day or number of nights?
We could shorten the stay to just four nights, I guess.|Okay, you are booked at the Huntington for 4 nights.  Your reference number is WZRJ2C6L.
Ok, can you get me a taxi?|Absolutely. Where would you want to depart from and go to?
I would like it to take me between my hotel and the college.|What time would you like the taxi?
I want to leave the hotel by 14:15.|I have confirmed your taxi, a white bmw will pick you up.
Could you provide the contact number please?|Yes your contact number is 07585258044. Will there be anything else?
No I think that's all I need. Thanks for your help!|Happy to be of service, and thank you for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Enjoy your stay in Cambridge!
Can you help me find a cheap Chinese place in the North?|I'm sorry, can you restate your request, please?
Certainly. I'd like to know what sorts of attractions are available on the north side of town.|I am showing 2 swimmingpools, a park and a boat. Would you like to know more about them?
Yes, please. Could you give me the name of the park and its postcode?|The park is milton country park and the postcode is cb46az.
Okay and how about a guesthous in the moderate price range.  I'd like free parking and free wifi.|I would suggest acorn guest house
That sounds good. I'll need reservations for 7 people for 5 nights, starting from Sunday, please.|Booking was successful! Reference number: J4HIKZSI. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
you were able to get me 5 nights? Can you double check that please?|Yes, the booking was successful, Sunday for 5 nights with 7 people. Anything else we can help you with?
Thank you so much for your help. You have been great!|You are very welcome. Have a wonderful evening. Goodbye.
I'm looking for a place to dine in Cambridge, if you could help me with some options.|I would love to help you. What type food are you wanting to eat and what area would you like to dine in?
I would love some afghan food in the centre of town.|There are no afghan food places located in the centre of town. How about something else?
How about Indian food, I hear there are some good indian places in Cambridge.|There are several Indian restaurants in the area. Is there a certain price range you were looking for?
Any price range is okay with me.|Curry Garden is a nice place , do you want their info?
i am looking for a particular attraction. Its name is called castle galleries.|Castle Galleries is a museum in the city centre without an entrance fee. Do you need more information?
No thank you that will be all|You're welcome. Enjoy your visit!
Could you help me find a moderately priced guesthouse to stay in, as well?|a and b guest house has rooms available and is near the museum, would you like me to book rooms for you?
Um, actually I think I'd like to be in the east. I also need parking.|There are two options. I'd recommend the Carolina Bed and Breakfast. Would you like to boom a room?
Yes, please, for 6 people starting saturday, for 5 nights.|Booking was successful.
Reference number is : C3H6D8YS.
Thank you goodbye|My pleasure. Have a wonderful day, goodbye.
Are there any entertainment attractions in the centre of town?|Unfortunately, I haven't found anything. Would you like me to search for another type of attraction, or another location?
Sure. Are there any colleges in the centre?|Yes, there are 13 colleges located in the centre. Can I help you narrow down the results?
Sure, I would like the largest college available|gonville and caius college 	Area-centre 	Phone #-01223332400 	Post code-cb21ta 	Address-trinity street 	Entrance fee-free
Thank you. Can you also find a turkish restaurant that is moderately priced?|There are two that match your requests. Anatolia and efes restaurant. Would you like me to book one for you?
Is one of them in the centre area. I would like one close to the college.|They are both located in the centre. Efes restaurant is located at King Street City Centre. Would you like to reserve a table?
We'll try Efes, could you book me a table for 2 on Thursday at 11:15?  I'll need the reference number also.|You are all set at the Efes on Thursday at 11:15.  Your reference number is NZ89K99X.  Is there anything else I can help you with?
No that is it thank you.|So happy I could help! Enjoy the rest of your day!
I am visiting and would like to see something interesting in the south.|There are several attractions in the south.  What type of attraction are most interested in?
I'm not particular.  Is there something you could recommend?|i recommend the place night club in 22 Sidney street. you want the address
Sure, and the phone number, please?|The phone number is 0122324600. Anything else I can help with?
Yes I'm looking for a place to stay in the same area.  A Guesthouse that has 3 stars and free internet|bridge guest house	meets that criteria, would you like to book a room?
No thank you. That's all the information I need.|Alright. Well thank you for calling.
Yes you are welcome thanks for the help|Thanks for using our system.
i am looking for a particular attraction. Its name is called soul tree nightclub.|The Soul Tree Nightclub is located in the area of centre.  It has an entrance fee of 4 pounds.  The phone number is 01223477900.  Anything else?
I hear its a pretty cool place. Can I get their postcode please?|The postcode is cb23qf. Do you need anything else?
Yeah, I need a place to stay on the south side.  4 stars if possible.|We have two guesthouses that are 4 stars in the south end, The Aylesbray Lodge Guest House is moderately priced, and Rosa's Bed and Breakfast is in the cheap range.
Can you book me a stay at The Aylesbray Lodge?|Sure! How many are staying, how many days, and what day do you want the stay to start?
No I just need the postcode, phone # and if they have internet|Postal is cb17sr, they do include internet and they can be reached at 01223240089, can I help with anything else?
That was everything, thanks a lot!|You're welcome! Have a great day!
You have a great day as well!|Thanks for using our services.
I'd like to check out an attraction on the east side.|There are 10 attractions in the east. Does a boat interest you?
Yeah, a boat sounds good.  Can you get me the phone number and postcode for one?|I would recommend Camboats. They are located at the Plough, Green End, Fen Ditton. Their phone number is 01223902112. Their postcode is cb58sx.
Great. By any chance is that near a place called Hamilton Lodge? Someone recommended it to me but I don't know much about it.|Hamilton lodge is at 156 chesterton road
Could you give me their phone number and postcode? And is that a guesthouse?|Yes it is a guesthouse. The number is 01223365664 and the postcode is cb41da. Can I help with anything else
No, you've been a great help!  Thank you!|You're welcome. Have a great day!
I need to take a train out of Cambridge on Sunday.|Okay. What's your destination?
I would like to go to Stevenage after 08:00 please.|TR6488 leaves at 09:21 and gets to Stevenage by 10:10. Will that train work for you?
Can I make a reservation for 2 people and get a confirmation number?|I have confirmed booking for 2, the total fee is 20.48 GBP payable at the station. Your reference number is MRVAFSWE. Would you like help finding anything else?
I also need to find an attraction called kings hedges learner pool.|kings hedges leaner pool is located at jedburgh court, kings hedges. their phone number is 122 335 3248.
What is the postcode?|The swimming pool's postcode is cb42xh. Do you need any more information?
That is all, thank you very much for the help!|The Parkside Police Station phone number is 01223358966 located Parkside, Cambridge CB11JG
Thank you. That's all I needed.|Okay. I am glad I could be of assistance.
I'm looking for a cheap indian restaurant please.|Sure, there are a number of cheap Indian restaraunts.  What area of town are you looking for?
I'd like someplace in the center of town.|There are three places that match that criteria which are the Kohinoor, The Gandhi, and Mahal of Cambridge. Would you like information about one of those restaurants?
The Gandhi would be perfect. Could you book it for me for tuesday.|Sure, I'd be happy to reserve that for you. How many people are in your party and for what time?
5 at 11:15 on Tuesday.|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.Reference number is : WF5PM422. thank you for inquiring with us
Great. Can you also help me find somewhere to visit in town around that same area?|I found few places you can visit. Do you care if you pay entrance fee ?
It is not really that necessary .|No the fee is not an issue.
Just choose one and tell me the type, address, and postcode|Old schools is an architecture attraction. The address is trinity lane. The postcode is cb21tt. Anything else today?
That is all I needed today. Thank you for your help.|You're welcome and enjoy your visit.
I would like to find a college to visit.|Is there a specific area you would like to visit?
No, just Cambridge in general. I'd also like to know any entrance fees, please.|Most of the colleges in town have free entrance fees. I'd recommend Christ's College on Saint Andrew's Street in the centre. It has free admission.
Cool, I also need a train ticket leaving london liverpool st and I am going to cambirdge|okay what day will you be traveling and when would you like to leave?
I will be traveling on wednesday after 15:30.|I have one leaving at 15:39 will this work?
Yeah that will be fine can you book this please?|You will need to pay 16.6 GBP at the station but the booking was successful, your reference number is RWDSKR05.
Can you let me know that train ID so I can find it?|The train id is TR7978. Can I help with anything else?
No, that will be all for today. Thank you!|You are welcome, enjoy your stay in Cambridge.
I am looking for something entertaining in the south.|We have several attractions in the South. Which would you be most interested in; cinema, entertainment, museum, night club, park or theatre?
I am looking for an entertainment type attraction.|great! i have two options for you to choose from!
Just pick one for me and send me their poscode, phone number and address.|Nusha is located at Unit G6, Cambridge Leisure Park, Clifton Road. Their post code is cb17dy, and their phone number is 01223902158.
I also need a train from broxbourne.|I'd love to help! Where is the destination?
I'm going to Cambridge, leaving after 13:00.  I'll need to book for 7 people.  Can I get a reference number too please?|I booked you with TR7015 your reference number is K1AY8EKU.
Was that train on Saturday?  I don't remember telling you the day.|Sorry, I can fix that.  Did you need it for Saturday?
Yes please can you help?|Yes, I was able to fix that. I have a booking for seven people to leave Broxbourne on Saturday at 13:32. Total fee is 100.24 GBP, payable at the station. Reference number is WZZMBZQ4. Is there anything else?
No, I'm all set. Thanks!|i am glad i can help enjoy your stay !
Where's a good place to eat crossover food in Cambridge?|There are no crossover locations in Cambridge.
How about British restaurants in the Centre instead?|I have 7 in the centre that serve british food. I have 4 in the moderate price range and 3 in the expensive. Did you have a preference?
I would prefer the british food.|I have cotto that serves moderate priced food. Would you like to book a table?
Yes please make a booking for 8 people at 12:30 on friday.|I have made your booking here is the information:Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Reference number is : VVSOH0TQ.
What's a good college to visit near the restaurant?|There are 13 colleges in the centre.  Is there a particular one you are interested in?
Any college will be fine what do you recommend? I need the phone number for whichever you pick.|christi's college is in that area and has free entrance. There phone number is 01223334900. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
That is all I needed.|Thank you for choosing us and enjoy your stay.
Would you be able to suggest a steakhouse restaurant in Cambridge?|There are currently zero Steakhouses listed for this area. Would you like for me to look elsewhere?
Is there any European moderate restaurants?|There are 5 moderately priced European restaurants. Would you like to specify a preferred area?
No preference in area. Would you be able to recommend one?|Do you have an area preference? If not, I could recommend Restaurant Alimentum. It is moderately priced, popular and in the south.
That's fine. Book me a table for 2 on thursday at 16:30, if that doesn't work try 15:30. I need a reference number.|I was able to book a table for two at 15:30, your reference number is 8ZM15RZ8.  Can I assist you with anything else?
Yes could you also help me find a nightclub to visit in the city center?|There are 5 nightclubs located in the centre. I recommend the Ballare, which has a 5 pound entrance fee.
Awesome... what is the postcode for the Ballare?|The postcode for Ballare is cb23na. How else may I assist you today?
that is all thanks|You're welcome! If you need anything else, feel free to ask.
I will be in Cambridge and need a place to go for entertainment in the centre of town. Can you help me find something?|I'm sorry there are no places for entertainment in the centre of the city. Would you like to try a different area?
Are there any museums in the centre of the city?|Yes I have 11 museums in the centre  of town.
Thank you, could I get the address and entrance fee for the one you'd recommend?|The museum of archaelogy and anthropology is always interesting, and is free. It is located at university of cambridge, downing street. Anything else you need today?
I need a place to stay, a hotel in the cheap price range.|We have the Cambridge Belfry. Would you like me to book this hotel for you?
Is it in the same area as the museum?|The Cambridge Belfry is in the West part of town.
I need something is the center area of town.|I can recommend the broughton house gallery, they are located at 98 king street admission is free
No thanks. I meant that I need a hotel in the centre. Preferably 4 stars.|There is a hotel in the centre with 4-stars called University Arms Hotel, but earlier, you said you wanted a cheap offering.  This shows expensive.
That's OK, i'll take the address if you have it.|Sure, it is located at Back Lane, Cambourne, postcode cb236bw.  Do you need anything else today?
Nope, thats all I needed for today. Thanks!|Thank you for choosing our service. Enjoy your stay in Cambridge! Goodbye!
Can you give me information about local parks I can visit while I am in Cambridge?|May I suggest the Cambridge University Botanic Gardens?
What part of town is that in? I'd like to stick to the east side, if possible.|No, it's not.  But we do have a terrific park in the east side.  It's the Cherry Hinton Water Play Park.  Would you like the address?
Yes, along with the postcode and entrance fee please.|Postcode is cb 18dw and admission is free
I want general information on entertainment type places to go in the south.|Nusha and tenpin are two entertainment places in the south.  Are you interested in more information on one of them?
Yes, please give me the postcode and phone number to both places.  Thank you!|Nusha's phone number is 01223902158, and postcode is cb17dy. Tenpen's phone number is 08715501010, and postcode is cb17dy.
thank you thats alll that I need|Is there any other info you need?
No, I am all set.|Have a great time.
I think we're all done here. Thank you!|Your welcome. Have a great day.
Hey, are there any interesting colleges in the city centre?|There are 13 colleges in the city centre. Do you need more information?
Could you give me the postcode and phone number of two of them that are popular tourist destinations?|Hughes Hall--postcode cb12ew. Their phone number is 01223334898. Saint Catharine's College--postcode cb21rl. Their phone number is 01223338300. Is there anything else I can help with?
Yes, are there any British places to eat at in the same area?|Yes, there are 7 of them. How about restaurant one seven?
That sounds good, is it in the moderate price range?|Yes it is in the moderate price range.  Would you like to book a table now?
no, just give me the phone number|The cotto phone number is 01223302010.
That was all I needed. Thank you.|most welcome and have a great day
i really have to go. goodbye.|goodbye and thanks
I am looking for a train going to stevenage and departing from cambridge.|There are 70 trains, what day and time would you like to go?
I would like to arrive by 17:00 on Monday.|There are 6 trains available. What time would you like to depart?
Departure time doesn't matter, I just want to arrive by 17:00 Monday.|In that case, the TR2045 may be the train you want. It pulls into stevenage at 16:10.
Okay, book it for 8 people and get me the reference number. I'm also looking for a college in the south.|I was able to book the train for you. The reference number is NVL339KD.
I am also interested in visiting some colleges on the southern tip of town. Can you help me find those?|I'm sorry but I don't have any colleges listed in the south. I have plenty in the city center. Would you like to try a different venue or attraction type?
Yes, an entertainment venue would be great. Please give me an address to one you find.|Nusha is an entertainment venue in the south. The address is unit g6m cambridge leisure park, clifton road.
Okay. Thank you very much that is all I need.|Thank you and have a safe trip.
Hi, I was wondering if there were any swimming pools in the centre of town?|Yes, parkside pools are located at gonville place, postcode cb11ly. Their phone number is 01223446100. Anything else I can help you with today?
Thanks, for giving me the address and phone number already. How much is the entrance fee?|It looks like the parkside pools does not have it's entrance fee available for the public's record. I apologize about that.
That's OK. I need a train departing from stevenage on thursday.|I have trains into cambridge from stevanage on thursday. What time of day would you like to travel?
I would like to arrive by 9:30|There are only 2 that fit your time frame. The TR1044 arrives at 8:43. That would be the closest to your requested arrival time. Is that okay?
That will be okay, please book it for me.|Your booking has been successful! The total fee is 25.6 GBP and the reference number is HBB3HCGF. Do you need anything else?
That should do it thank you|Have a wonderful day.
I would like the departure time for the train please, I never got it.|No problem! The departure time for your train is 07:54. May I assist you with anything else today?
No, you have been very helpful. Thank you.|Wonderful. Have a great day!
I am looking for a museum in the centre of Cambridge. Can you help me find one?|There are eleven museums there. I would recommend the Castle Galleries, located at unit su43, Grand Arcade, Saint Andrews Street. Entrance is free there, too. Need an alternate recommendation?
No, that sounds fine. Could I get the phone number?|The phone number is 01223307402.
I also need to find a hotel. I'm looking for one in the east with free wifi.|I have the Express by Holiday Inn Cambridge that matches your preferences. Would you like me to book it for you?
Does the hotel include free parking?|Yes it does have free parking
yes absolutely, you can book it for me please|I would be happy to. What is your arrival day, how many nights do you need, and how many are in your party?
There are 2 of us.  We will arrive on Wednesday and stay for 3 nights.|Booking was unfortunately unsuccessful. Let's try another day or a shorter stay?
Oh dear.  What if we only stay there on Wednesday?|Yes, I have booked you for Wednesday night.  Your reference number is MLQZYRU2.  Is there anything else I can help with?
I also want to book a taxi to commute between the two places.|Will you need it from the hotel or to the hotel?
From the hotel.|What time would you need to be picked up at the hotel?
I would like to leave the hotel by 11:00.|Great! Be on the look out for a red honda. The contact number is 07451827304. Anything else I can help with?
No, you've been a great help already.  Thanks so much.  Bye.|You're welcome. Goodbye.
I was hoping to find a college to visit while in cambridge.|Sure, what area of town are you looking to visit?
Definitely the west. I'll need a phone number, address and postcode, please?|Certainly. Queen's College is located on Silver Street, postcode cb39et. That phone number is 01223335511.
I am also hungry|I can help you with finding a restaurant. Do you have particular one in mind?
Yes, I'd like to try some Polynesian food.|I'm sorry there are no polynesian restaurants. Would you like a different type of food?
Can you try an indian place instead? And something in the west.|There are six restaurants. would you like rice boat	?
Is it moderately priced?|They are mostly expensive and there is one that is moderately priced.
Can you book the moderate priced one for 4 people at 12:45 on monday?|I have booked you a table at Meghna for Monday at 12:45 for 4 people. Your reference number is B2RNYUEG.
Great that was all I needed today.|Happy to be of service, and thanks for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre today!
I was wondering if you had any colleges I could visit during my stay?|I have 18, what area would you prefer?
I have no preference besides colleges. Please recommend one.|My favorite is Saint Catharine's College. It is in city centre, and they are free to enter.
That sounds great. Can I get their phone number please?|Saint Catharine's college's phone number is 01223338300. Can I assist you with anything else?
Yes, I'm looking for a place to stay with free parking and moderate prices.|Okay, there are several of those it looks like, are you also wanting to stay in the centre as well?
No need, but I'd like a hotel, not a guesthouse, that's in the 4 star range.|I do not have any listings for 4-star hotels with free parking. Perhaps you would like to try a different star rating?
How about a hotel that is the expensive price range?|huntingdon marriott hotel is found in kingfisher way, hinchinbrook business park, huntingdon
book for 2 people 3 nights from tuesday. i also want to book a taxi to leave the hotel by 13:30. get contact number and car type|That booking was not successful.  Would you like to try another day or a shorter stay?
How about for 2 nights|I was able to book your reservation for 2 days.
Okay, may I get a reference number please?|I apologize it looks like there was a booking error. The huntingdon does not have availability. Would you like to try another hotel or length of stay?
Please try it for 2 nights.|Actually, there might have been an error int he system before.  I booked the Huntington Marriott Hotel for 2 people, 3 nights, starting on Tuesday. Reference number is J4Z0CZ41.
Excellent! I also need a taxi to go between the places. I want to leave the hotel by 13:30.|I booked a grey Skoda to pick you up.  The contact number for the taxi is 07491898705.
Awesome!  That's all I need.  Thanks for your help.|Thank you for contacting Cambridge TownInfo centre. Goodbye!
I am looking for information in Cambridge|What do you want to know ?
I should have told you that already, I apologize.  I need to take a train from cambridge to london kings cross, on thursday leaving after 15:00.|There are trains meeting those requirements leaving at 15:00, 17:00, 19:00, 21:00, 23:00. They all take 51 minutes and cost 23.60 pounds.
I think I want the one leaving at 17:00. What's the train ID for that one?|The train ID is TR1791 would you like me to book a seat? Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Is there any architecture attraction in the city Centre?|There are 5 great places to visit in the centre. My favorite is All Saints Church, would you like the address?
Can you just give me the postcode for that one please?|The postcode is cb58bs. Will that be all?
That will indeed be all for me today. Thank you! Bye|You are very welcome.  Have a nice day.
I'm looking for a cinema in the south part of town.|Sure, I have located cineworld cinema which is located at cambridge leisure park, clifton way in the south part of town.
Thank you, can I also have the postcode and phone number?|Their phone number is 00872208000 and postcode is cb17dy. Can I assist you with anything else?
Yes. I need a restaurant by the name of anatolia.|Anatolia is located at 30 Bridge Street City Centre and phone number is 01223362372. Can I book you a table?
Yes for 8 people at 14:15 on a Saturday. I will need a reference number.|The booking was unsuccessful unfortunately.
Are you sure? Could you possibly try again, just to make sure?|Yes, the booking was unsuccessful. Would you like to try another day or time slot?
No, I wanted to reserve on Saturday at 14:15 for 8 people at the Anatolia.  Can you make sure there wasn't an error?|I am very sorry for the confusion. I have confirmed your reservation at anatolia, your reference number is W2SFW7OR.  Is there anything else I can help with?
Yes, I need a taxi to pick us up at cineworld and get us to Anatolia by 14:15.  Can you send me the contact number and car type?|OK, I have a grey toyota picking you up. The contact number is 07221782589. Is there anything else I can do for you today?
That's all I need today. You've been a great help - thanks!|Have a great day!
I would like to find a place to stay next weekend|Sure, what day would you like to begin your stay and how long will you be staying?
I just am looking for a place to stay in the north that includes free parking and should be a guesthouse.|I have cheap and moderately priced guesthouses in the centre.  What would you like, cheap or moderate?
Price doesn't matter. I need it for 3 people for 2 nights, starting thursday. Can I get the reference number?|Alright, I have booked you at Home from Home for two nights, reference number OASAAHHB.
Thank you so much. I'm also looking for a good museum in town.|Sure, how about the broughton house gallery?
Is that in the centre area and a museum? If it is please let me know the address, phone and entrance fee.|Yes, it is. The address is 98 king street, the entrance fee is free, and the phone number is 01223314960.
Thank you so much for all your help!|We are happy to help. Do you have anything else you'd like assistance with?
No, that's all I needed. Goodbye!|Thank you! Have a wonderful day!
Hi, I am looking for places in west Cambridge that feature architecture.|I am sorry, I am unable to locate an attraction in your desired location?
How about a college then?|There are 5 college's in the west area. There is Churchill, Clare, Clare Hall, Magdalene and Queens. Would you like me to book one today?
Can you give me the phone number for Churchill?|Certainly, churchill college the phone number is 01223336233. What else can I do for you today?
I am also looking for information about a restaurant called ugly duckling.|Of course! Ugly Duckling is an expensive Chinese restaurant in town center. Would you like a booking there?
Can you tell me what kind of food the Ugly Duckling offers and where it is located? I also need their phone number. Thank you.|The Ugly Duckling offers Chinese food. The address is 12 St. Johns Street City Centre. Their phone number is unavailable.
Thank you for all your help today.|Is there anything else that I can assist you with today?
No, that would be all. Thank you. Have a good day.|Thank you. Enjoy your stay.
Hi, can you help me with my trip planning?  I am looking for places to go in town.|Sure, what kind of places are you thinking about?
How about a museum?|May I recommend Byard Art in the south?
Yes, thanks.  Can you give me the postcode and phone number?|Here you go, the postal code is cb21sj, and the phoen number is 01223464646.  Can i help with anything else?
yeah i also need a place to stay.|Can you give me an area and price range preference?
I would like it be in same area as the attraction and have a 4 star rating.|I recommend the aylesbray lodge guest house.  Shall I go ahead and book you a room?
No thank you. I would like to know if they have free parking, their phone number, and their address.|Okay, they have free parking and internet.  The address is: 5 Mowbray Rd.
I'm looking for a decently priced guesthouse I can stay at for the day.|I have quite a few guesthouses to choose from, do you have an area of preference and a star rating you'd like to look at?
How about a moderately priced, 4 star guesthouse?|The avalon is in the north area and moderately priced. I has 4 stars and internet. Would you like to book a room?
Yes please.  I need it for 3 nights starting on Wednesday.  There will be 7 people.|I reserved a room at the Avalon for 7 people arriving Wednesday for 3 nights.  Your reference number is LXMFRZLR.  Is there anything else I can help you with?
I'm looking for an attraction called riverboat georgina.|The Riverboat Georgina is a boat located in the north. Their phone number is 01223902091. Is there anything else I can help with?
Could you tell me what the entrance fee is?|I apologize but the entrance fee for riverboat georgina is unlisted. Their phone number is 01223902091. Is there anything else I can do to help you?
I thought someone provided the entrance fee for me before but I just can't remember. Are you sure it's not listed?|I just double-checked, and it's not listed here. I'm terribly sorry.
well, okay then, I guess there's nothing else.  Have a good day.|Thank you for using our service.  Have we met all of your needs today?
Yes you have. Thank you. Goodbye.|Thank you for using our service. Have a great day!
Can you tell me what colleges are open to tourists on the west side of town?|Sure, there is churchill, clare, clare hall, magdalene, and queens' college.
Ok, can I get a phone number for the Magdalene?|phone number is 01223332138
I'm also looking for a Thai restaurant.|What area are you looking for and what price range?
The restaurant should be in the same area as the attraction and in the the expensive price range|Sala Thong fits the bill. Would you like their information?
Yes please.  I'd like the address with postcode, and a phone number.|Sure the address is 35 Newnham Road Newnham,phone number 01223323178 and post code cb39ey.
Okay, that's all that I need. Goodbye.|Have a great day! Goodbye
I am looking for places to go in the centre of town.|There are many places to go in the centre of Cambridge: marvelous architecture, colleges, museums, theatres, and more. Are any of these options particularly interesting to you?
I'm not picky, I'm totally open to suggestions. Can you pick your favorite and let me know the address?|Oh, wonderful. I'd recommend Club Salsa, on 1 Station Road. It's a nightclub and the entrance fee is 5 GBP, but it's worth it!
I'm also looking for a hotel. I want a place with a 3 star rating and free wifi.|I have 5 results of places with 3 star ratings.  To help narrow it down a bit, what area do you prefer and what price range?
Sure, how about something cheap?|There are no cheap hotels with that search. Would you like a different price range?
Anything moderately priced in the 3 star rating, with free wifi, please.|bridge guest house	is a moderately priced 3 star hotel in the south with internet. Do you want to make a booking?
Yes, please book me for 7 people and three nights starting on Tuesday and please also give me a reference number for the booking. I also would like a taxi.|Success! I was able to book that for you and your reference number is  8E1NHOEK. Anything else?
Yes I need a taxi to leave the Club Salsa by 17:30 heading back to the hotel.|A black Toyota will pick you up at 17:30 at Club Salsa to take you back to the Bridge Guest House. Contact number is 07280181013. Will that be all?
That's great! That's all I need. Thanks.|Great! Thank you for allowing me to assist you. Goodbye!
I am looking for a train to ely on wednesday.|Where are you leaving from?
should depart from cambridge at 17:15|I can get you on a train leaving Cambridge at 17:50.
That won't work I need to arrive by 17:15.|I have the TR1549 leaving at 17:50 and it will be arriving at 18:07 is that a little better for you?
No that still won't work. Is there anything earlier please?|I've got a train that will arrive at 16;07 or if you prefer earlier, 14:07. would you like me to book one of those for you.
As long as I am there by like I said earlier, 17:15 so yes the 16:07 will work for me. I am also looking for attractions in south|How many tickets would you like to book?
I don't need to book any train tickets, thanks. What attractions do you recommend in the south?|There are 8 attractions in the south. I would recommend the Byard Art museum which has free admission. Do you need a booking , or need help with anything else?
No, that's it for today. Thanks for your help.|If you decide you need something else please contact us. Enjoy your trip.
I am looking for information in Cambridge.|sure, what would you like to know?
I need a train leaving Birmingham New Street after 15:45.|What day would you like to travel on?
I need the train for Saturday and I'm going to cambridge.|TR3891 leaves at 16:40 and arrives at 19:23, will that work for you?
Great, thanks for the info. I will go ahead and book myself later. Do you know of any good attractions in the centre of town?|The center of town has 44 different attractions I can recommend.  Do you have a particular type you were interested in?
How about an entertainment venue?|I have several entertainment venues across the city. What part of the city would you like to stay in?
The centre please. Nothing further than that.|There are no entertainment venues in the centre. Would you like something different?
How about a museum. Any you recommend is fine. I'll need the entrance fee, please?|How about Primavera? Admission is free!
thanks for your help|No problem. Glad I could help you today. Have a safe trip.
I am looking for places to go for my upcoming trip.  Are there any colleges in the centre of town?|There are several! Corpus Christi is a really cool place to visit, but there is an entrance fee of 2 pounds. I have many free ones if that's an issue.
The entrance fee is fine. Can I get their address and postcode, please?|The address is king's parade and the postcode is cb21rh. Do you need anything else?
I am also looking for a hotel with a star of 3 and includes free parking.|I have two hotels that fit that description. Both are expensive, but one is located in the south and the other is in the centre. Do you have a preference?
I would also like it to be a guesthouse with free wifi.|How about Hamilton lodge
Sure, could you book it for 5 people for 3 nights starting thursday?|Your reservation for 5 people at the hamilton lodge on thursday for 4 days 3 nights was successful. Your Reference number is : NLC5RK0F.
Great.  Thanks for all the help!|Will that be all for today?
Yes, thanks. Have a wonderful morning! Goodbye.|You're very welcome. I'm glad I could help you today. Good-bye.
Hello, I am looking for a place to dine. I'd prefer it to be moderately priced and serve Indian food.|We have 4 moderately priced Indian restaurants - 2 in the east, 1 in the north, and one in the west.  Which area are you interested in?
I'd like to look at the one in the west, please.|That place goes by the name of meghna, the address is 205 Victoria Road Chesterton, they can be reached at 01223727410, would you like me too book you?
Can I please have their postcode?|Their postcode is cb43lf. Would you like a reservation?
No thanks. I don't need a reservation yet. I am also looking to find a great place to do some boating.|I have several options to choose from. Is there a particular area you want to go boating?
No, where would you suggest?|How about Camboats in the East? Their address is the plough, green end, fen ditton.
That sounds good. Can I get the postcode please?|The postcode is cb43lf, anything else?
No, that's it for now.|It was a pleasure serving you today. Have a wonderful stay!
I'm looking for something interesting to do.|Is there an attraction type you prefer?
Any attraction is fine as long as it's in the centre of town.|There is the Parkside Pools located at Gonville Place. Is there anything else I can do for you?
Yes i am also looking for a restaurant in the same area that is moderately priced.|There is asian, british, chinese, European, International, Italian, lebanese, modern European, Spanish, and Turkish.  Do you have a preference?
I would like something in the moderate price range. I will be requiring their address.|I see 21 restaurants in the centre which are moderately priced. Do you have any particular cuisine in mind so we can narrow it down for you a bit?
no particular cuisine I will need a taxi to commute need to leave by 24:15 and need number and car type please.|How about Yippee Noodle Bar?
The Yippee Noodle Bar sounds great. Do you have their address?|The address is 4048 King Street, City centre post code cbh11lh. Would you like me to do anything else?
I also want to book a taxi from Parkside Pools to the bar. I want to leave around 24:15.|youre being picked up in a grey honda the contact number is 07063498062
Great thank you, that's all I will need.|You are welcome, I am happy to help.  Have a great day.  Bye.
I am looking for a train leaving from Cambridge on Saturday.|Sure can you tell me where you are heding for and what time you would lie to leave or get there?
The train should leave after 16:00 and should depart from london liverpool street|I'm a little confused, you said you are departing from both Cambridge and London Liverpool street. Are you sure isn't your destination?
Sorry, I'm departing from london liverpool street.|There are four trains on Saturday with that route that leave after 16:00. Your options are 17:39, 19:39, 21:39 and 23:39. The duration of the ride is 88 minutes.
Can I get the price on one of those please?|Each of those trips is 13.28 pounds.  Would you like for me to book one for you?
No thank you. Please give me information on the attraction Jesus Green Outdoor Pool.|Yes its located between Victoria Road and the River
I'm looking for a family friendly restaurant that is reasonably price and located in the center of town near attractions, hotels and easy access to transportation such as buses and taxis.|Ok, to be clear, which price range do you prefer-- cheap, moderate or expensive?
I am looking for a moderately priced restaurant|Do you prefer a specific type of food?
I prefer Chinese food|great, i have three options for you to choose from!
Oh, I have no idea.  Can you just reserve tell me your favorite one?  I'll need a postcode for it.|Jinling noodle bar, postcode cb23pp. Is there any more info I can give you?
I would like to visit a college in the same area as the noodle bar, can you find me one?|There are 13 colleges in the centre of town. Most are free, but some do charge an entrance fee. Any preference?
How about choosing a famous one and give me the address, postcode and entrance fee.|corpus christi is popular this time of year. The address is at king's parade. The post code cb21rh and the entree fee is 2 pounds.
Great, thanks! Also, will you please book me a taxi from the attraction to the restaurant, leaving the attraction at 05:45?|I was able to book a taxi it will be a red volvo and the contact number is 07754509492. Is there anything else I can help with?
No, that's it. Thank you very much.|thanks for using our services
Thanks again.  That was all I needed.|You are welcome. Thank you for using Cambridge TownInfo centre. Goodbye.
I want to find a park to visit in town.|There are 5 parks around town. What part of town would you prefer to visit the park in?
I don't really care, just pick one and give me the phone number please.|The Milton Country Park has free admission.  They are located on the North and the phone number is 01223420060.
Thanks!  I also need help finding a train leaving friday arriving by 21:15.|I have train TR3342 ariving at 21:01.
I need to go to Cambridge, from Stansted Airport.|TR5694 leaves at 09:24 and arrives at 09:52 giving you plenty of time. Can I book you a ticket?
Yes please, a ticket for one, and may I also know the price?|Booked! The price is 10.1 pounds to be paid at the station. Reference number: 2CDCW6I7.
Fantastic. Thank you very much for all of your assistance.|Thank you and have a good trip.
I am looking for a particular attraction called The Place. I need more information about it.|Sure. It is a nightclub in the south area. Do you need the address or phone number?
Just the postcode and entrance fee I am afraid.|22 sidney street is the address
Could you please tell me the postcode?|Of course, sorry about that.  The postcode is cb23hg.  Can I be of any further assistance to you today?
What is the entrance fee for it?|Unfortunately, I am not sure of the entrance fee to The Place. You can call them to find out: 01223324600.
Thank you. I will also need a train from Cambridge to London Kings Cross on Tuesday, would you be able to help me?|I need some more information first. Is there a specific time you would like to leave or arrive by?
I would like the train to arrive by 16:00.|There are five trains that will arrive by 16:00, the train that arrives closes to that time is TR315 which arrives at 13:51
That one will work. Can you book it for 4 people?|I booked your train for 4 people. The reference number is T6X9JMIA and the total fee is 94.4 GBP. Is there anything else I can help you with?
That will be everything.  Thank you for you help.|Have a nice day.
Can you help me find an interesting place to visit on the east side of town?|I can.  Do you like museums?
Sure do, know of any interesting ones on the east side?|We have  the Cambridge Artworks, the Cambridge Museum of Technology, and several galleries.
That should do.  I am also looking for a place to dine. The restaurant should serve Chinese food and should be in the expensive price range|I have many choices. Do you have an area preference?
Yes, I would like it to be in the east.|The Yu Garden has fabulous food.  Can I book a table there for you?
I'm sorry, could I get the postcode to Cambridge Artworks?|cb13ef. Anything else?
I also need to get the phone number for the restaurant.|Absolutely. You can reach Yu Garden at 01223248882. Is there anything else I can help with today?
That is all, thank you!|Okay great. Glad I could be of help.
I'm sorry I have to go now! Bye!|Thanks for contacting the Cambridge TownInfo Centre and have a great day!
I am looking for information in Cambridge.|There's a lot to do in cambridge. Are you looking for a ceratin type of attraction there?
I would like a train|Where will you be departing from and on what day?
I want to leave bishops stortford on Monday, going to Cambridge.|The TR1827 arrives in Cambridge from Bishops Stortford at 14:07 is 38 minutes long and cost 10.10'lbs. Does this work for you?
Yes, thank you. Are there any theatre on the east side of town?|there are no theatre in the east
Can you locate me a restaurant within 1 mile of the train station.|I'm sorry there are many choices.  Can you narrow it down for me a little bit.
Not worried about food. I actually need to find some entertainment.|I have 5 theatres in town, but they are all in the centre of town or the south.
No thank you that will be all|Okay happy i could assist.
Wait! Can I get the postcode for your favorite entertainment venue in the east?|funky fun house is my favourite and its postcode is cb58hy. is that it?
Well, it would be but I realized my train needed to leave Bishops after 21:15.  Please rebook that for me.|Would a 21:29 be okay?
Yes that will be fine. Thank you!|is there anything else i can help you?
I just need a a new confirmation number, thanks.|Sure your reference number is: PDGADKQI.
Thank you! Okay, NOW we've covered everything. Have a great day! Thanks again for all the help!|I'm glad I could help you plan your trip. If you need anything else please contact at Cambridge TownInfo centre and we'll be happy to help. Have a great day!
Hello, can you help me locate swimming pools on the east side of Cambridge?|There is one swimming pool called abbey pool and astroturf pitch, located at pool way, whitehill road, off newmarket road. Do you need anything else?
please provide its phone number.|They can be reached at 01223902088, can I help with anything else?
Yes, please. I would like a restaurant in the same area that serves British food.|Grafton hotel restaurant serves British food and is in the east. Would you like a reservation?
Yes please make a reservation|What day and time would you like the reservation for?
I'm not sure quite yet. Can I please have the phone number and address?|Yes, the address is Grafton Hotel 619 Newmarket Road Fen Ditton and the phone number is 01223241387. Anything else I can help with?
That takes care of what I needed. Thanks. Have a good day. Bye.|Thank you.
Hello, I can't wait to try some local restaurants when I travel there next week.  I could use some help with places to go in town though.|I'm certain we can help with that. Do you have a price range, part of town or what kind of food you'll want to eat?
Actually, is there a place in town that offers nice architecture to see?|There is a moderate priced asian restaurant in the centre called yippee noodle bar that's around beautiful places. Would you like to try that?
I want a place that has latin food.|I'm very sorry I am finding no results for restaurants serving latin food. Is there another type of cuisine you'd be interested in?
How about some vietnamese food in the west then?|I have the thanh binh restaurant located at 17 Magdalene Street City Centre. Would you like reservations?
Yes, I would like to reserve a table for a party of 8 at 16:00 on Friday.  I've also got another question when you're done with that.  Thank you.|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.Reference number is : Q4NHOJRD. what was the other question?
You must be a mind reader, my question was the reference number! Thank you|You're very welcome! Is there anything else I can help you with?
I would like a cab to and from both places please make sure it is on time so I don't miss my reservation, contact # & car type|What place will you be leaving from?
I will be leaving from the restaurant.|well, you didn't suggest any attractions, you see. What would you suggest, then I can schedule my cab after that
My apologies!  My wife loves architecture and insisted I find a place, glad I didn't forget.  Any area's fine, but what about the same as the restaurant?|Is there a price range would you like?
I'd like a place to go to in the category of architecture, preferably free.|All saints church is free and lcoated on jesus lane.
That sounds fine, can you get me a taxi from there to the restaurant. I'll need to arrive by 16:00 for my reservation.|Your taxi has been booked. You will be picked up in a white Volvo. The contact number is 07266032951. May I be of further assistance today?
Thank you so much. That's all I will need today.|You're welcome, let me know if I can assist with anything else.
I'm looking for some architecture to visit. What are my options?|All architecture is in the centre of town. Your options are All Saints Church, Great Saint Mary's Church, Holy Trinity Church, Little Saint Mary's Church, and Old Schools.
How about All Saints? And could I have a postcode please?|All Saints Church's postcode is cb58bs. Is there anything else I can help you with?
That should be all! Thanks!|We hope you enjoy your visit. Thank you for contacting us.
Thank you, goodbye.|If you need anything else let us know.
I am looking for a college type attraction.|Sure.  There are a number of college attractions to visit.  Is there a specific place or area of the city you were interested in?
none. just recommend one and let me know its entry fee.|How about king's college? It's in the centre of town and the admission is free. You can contact them at 01223331100.
Great! I also need a moderate priced guesthouse.|There are 15 results for guesthouses in the moderate price range, what area are you looking to stay in?
The area doesn't matter, but I would like 4 stars, please.|Great, how about the Archway House? It's in the North, moderate price, and 4 stars. It also has internet.
do they also have free parking?|Archway house does have free parking, would you like me to book it for you?
Not at the moment. What is the postcode?|The postcode to Archway House is cb43pe and the phone is 01223575314. Would you like me to book this for you?
I would love to book a taxi to commute between the two places. I want to leave the attraction by 08:45. I need contact number and car type please.|A blue BMW will pick you up, contact number 07646838374. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, that's it. Thank you!|Thank you for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Goodbye.
I was hoping that you could tell me more about the museum of classical archaeology.|What I can tell you is that it's located on Sidgwick Avenue and that there is no entrance fee. Would you like the phone number?
No but what exact area is it in? Center, east, west etc.|It is in the west area. Can I help you with anything else?
I also want to go to an Asian Oriental restaurant in the center area.|I have 4 of them. Is there a certain price range you would like?
I have no preference in price range.|I can recommend Yippee Noodle Bar, it's moderately priced. Would you like me to book you a table?
yes please, for friday night|How many in your party and what time?
Seven people, and we're planning to go there at 3:15 PM.|Okay that was successful and your reservation number is GIBY27FH.
OKay great thanks so much.|The address of the restaurant is: 40428 King Street City Centre, postcode cb11lh.
That will be all for today. Goodbye.|So glad I could be of assistance, Have a great day!
I want to see a boat|which side of town do you prefer?
No specific area. What do you recommend?|There are 4 to choose from. If I may, might I suggest the Riverboat Georgina. It is located in the north. Would you like more information on it?
Yes please. I'd like to know the postcode and if there is an entrance fee.|The post code is cb43ax	 but I am uncertain of the entrance fee.
Thanks! I'm also looking for a moderately-priced guesthouse with free parking.|I would like to recommend the A and B Guest House, which is moderately priced.
Sure. Thank you. I want to book the hotel for 2 nights starting on Friday with 5 people.|Booking was successful. Reference number is : BKEHHLRA. Anything else I can help with?
That will be all, you made my day, they need to give you a raise.|LOL, well, Thank you!  I hope you have a great stay!
Thanks! You've answered all my questions and I think you do deserve a raise!|Thank you so much.
I need to find the Autumn House Hotel.|The Autumn House hotel is a cheap guesthouse on the east side, located at 710 Newmarket Road.
Do they have free parking there?|Yes, the Autumn House has free parking! Would you like to make a reservation?
Yes, can you please and send me the reference number?|Ok.  How many days will you be staying?
5 days and I need  postcode and entrance fee|I also need to know how many days and what day you will be staying.
Right, as I states above, 5 days please.|You are booked. Your reference number is XPCARI17
Can you also find a swimming pool I can visit?|There are 2 pools in the north, one in the center and one in the east. Which do you prefer?
Could I get the postcode and entrance fee for the one in the east?|I'm afraid I don't have the entrance fee, but the postcode is cb58nt. Can I help with anything else?
I need a taxi as well?|Where is your departure site and destination?
I need to leave from autumn house to a swimming pool|I would love to help. When would you like to arrive or leave by?
I need to arrive by 05:15.|Alright a yellow volkswagen has been booked it will have you to the pool by 05:15. Your confirmation number is 07422806466. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
That will be all thank you|Have a nice day and thank you for contacting us.
I have the name of an attraction that I need help finding.|I can try and help.  Do you know that name of it?
The Mumford Theatre.|I see it here. It's located at Anglia Ruskin Enterprise, East Road. Would you like the phone number?
Yes, I would like the phone number.|The phone number is 08451962320. Can I help you with anything else?
No that we be all for today. Thank you.|We are happy to help, thank you for using our services.
I am looking for places to visit in downtown Cambridge. What are some popular attractions?|There is architecture, boats, colleges, museums, and many other things.
Recommend something that's in the center of town for me.|The Cambridge Contemporary Art museum is a fantastic place to visit. It's located at 6 Trinity Street and admission is free! Do you need more information?
I'm also looking for a place to stay.|What area would you like to stay in?
I want to stay in the center of town in a 0 star hotel that is moderately priced and has free parking.|There's not an exact match to fit your needs. There's a hotel without free parking available. Or, if you need the free parking, would a cheap guesthouse work instead?
Free parking would be nice but it is not a necessity.|Okay, if the lack of parking isn't a dealbreaker, you might enjoy cityroomz. Their number is 01223304050. Shall I book a room for you?
Yes please. I'll need to for 8 people for 4 nights starting Wednesday|Done! Your reference number is 07Z05P6U. Do you need anything else?
Yes, I also need a taxi from the hotel at 16:30.|I have booked your taxi. Be expecting a red Honda. Their phone number is 07543221637.
That will be all for today. Thanks. Goodbye.|Thank you for using our system today!
I am looking for the Nusha. Can you help me?|Sure, that is a fun entertainment venue located at Unit G6, Cambridge Leisure Park, on Clifton Road.
what is the fee ?|Unfortunately, they often change so we do not have that information. But I can give you their phone number. It is 01223902158. Can I assist you with anything else?
Thank you. I also need a book a train, leaving cambridge after 21:30.|Ok and what is your destination?
I want to go to London Liverpool Street on Friday.|TR9557 leaves at 21:59, or, if that is too close to 21:30, TR3138 leaves at 23:59. Do either of those options work for you?
Yes, can you give me arrival times and prices, please?|Yes the train arrives at 23:27 and the price of the fare is 16.60 pounds.
Thank you goodbye|Have a great day.
I am looking for information on the Scott Polar Museum.|Scott Polar Museum is in the centre.  Phone number is 01223336540.  Postcode is cb21er, address is lensfield road and entrance fee is free.  Anything else I can help you with today?
No that is all. Thank you very much.|My pleasure, thank you for using Cambridge TownInfo centre.
Sorry, I had another concern. I'm looking for a train that goes to Cambridge and arrives by 17:15|Where will you be departing from and do you have a particular day you wish to leave?
I want to depart Wednesday from Norwich|There are several options meeting your criteria. What time would you prefer to depart?
It doesn't matter. I just need the travel time, departure time, and train ID.|TR0033 is the latest train that meets your requirements and leaves norwich at 15:16. If you want to catch an earlier train, they depart hourly. Anything else I can do?
That will be all for now.Thank you very much|You are very welcome. Thank you for using the Cambridge Towninfo Centre! We appreciate your business, have a great a day.
Thank you for your help!|Have a great day.
Hi, I'm planning a trip to Cambridge.  Can you suggest some places I could visit in town?|Sure, there's lots to do here? Is there a certain area or type you're looking for?
What's your favorite college to visit? I'm not picky about the area.|There are 18 of them in the city. Do you mind an entrance fee or would you prefer one that's free?
Please just tel me which one you think best, then provide the area it is in and the phone number.|queens' college is pretty great. It's in the west. Their number is 01223335511.
That's fine.  I also need a train from Cambridge to stevenage.|What day would you like to travel, and what time would you leave or arrive by?
I would like that the train should leave on saturday and after 16:15.|Alright, TR4216 leaves at 17:21. Would you like me to book you passage?
Yes, book me for 1 please.|You're all set. Your reference number is R55DTSWS and there will be a 10.24 GBP fee due at the station.
What is the arrival time?|The arrival time for that train is 18:10, is there anything else I can help you with?
What is the train ID?|The train ID is TR4216. Can I help you with anything else today?
No. Thank you|Have a great day!
Are there any colleges I could visit?|Is there a specific area you looking for?
No. Which one do you recommend?|There are no colleges in the area. How else may I help?
There are no colleges in all of Cambridge? I don't believe that is true|I'm sorry, my system went down for a minute. I can recommend Churchill College in the west. And it's free!
That sounds perfect. Thank you for all your help today. That's all I need. Goodbye.|Good bye.
I'm looking for an exciting place to go in the centre of town.|The Man on the Moon is a great concert hall. How does that sound to you?
I'm actually looking for something that has great architecture.|There are 4 churches and a school.  Do you have a preference?
The school is fine. What is the entrance fee and phone number?|Old Schools is free to tour and the phone number is 01223332320. Is there anything else I can help you with?
A friend was raving about this restaurant called Pizza Hut. Can you help me find it?|There are three pizza huts. One in the city center, one in the east and one in the south. Which would you like information on?
It doesn't matter. What is the food type and addresses?|Pizza hut city centre is located in the centre area and serves italian food and is in the cheap price range. Is any more information needed?
Actually, could you check if there is a pizza hut in fen ditton?  If so, could I have the address and phone number?|Yes, there is!  It's address is Cambridge Retail Park Newmarket Road Fen Ditton and it's number is 01223323737.
Thank you - that's all I need today.|Happy to be of service. Thanks for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre, and have a great day!
can you help me get to cambridge by 8:30 on friday?|I've located several trains that will arrive Friday by 8:30. To help narrow your search, where would you like to depart from?
I would like to depart from norwich.|I have 2 trains arriving by 8:30 in Cambridge on Friday, one arrives by 6:35, the other by 7:35. Would you like to book a seat for one of these?
What is the departure time for the train that arrives at 7:35, and how much do the tickets cost for that one?|That train leaves at 6:16 and costs 17.60 pounds. Would you like me to book it?
Yes that would be great I am also looking for places to go in town|Your reference is S666W6BF, what are you looking to go do in town?
I'm looking for a place in the centre, some type of college. I need to know the entrance fee as well.|There are 13 colleges in the centre. Are you looking for one in particular?
No, i am not.|Trinity college has an entrance fee of 1 pound.
Okay, that sounds good.  Thank you for your help!|No problem! Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Nothing else, thank you.|Glad I could be of help.  Call if you need anything else.
Greetings, I am planning a trip in Cambridge and am looking for entertainment venues in the centre of town.|There are 5 different entertainment venues in cambridge, however known are located in the centre. Did you want to visit on in a different part of town? Maybe the east?
No I prefer the centre area.|We don't have anything listed under entertainment for the centre area, but there are a variety of other things to do. Are you interested in the theater or perhaps the cinema?
What about a museum in the center of town -- is there anything like that?|The Museum of Archaelogy and Anthropology is located in the center of town.
Thank you can I have the entrance fee, postcode, and phone number?|Sure, there isn't an entrance fee, that's nice. The phone number is 01223333516 and the postcode is cb23dz.
I also need a train.|there are several trains, where is your departure and when?
I need to depart from Cambridge and arrive at Stevenage. I need to leave after 12:30 on Saturday.|It appears that TR6998 will be your best bet. It leaves at 13:21.
Okay, sounds good. Will you book that for 4 people and get me a reference number, please?|I have a 13:21 train departing Cambridge and arriving in Stevenage at 14:10 on Saturday. Would that work for you?
Yes, that's perfect!|Alright, your train tickets have been booked and your reference number is ZEWG9O60. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No that was all, I got the reference number. Have a great day.|It has been my pleasure. Feel free to contact us with any questions that may arise.
I need to leave from Cambridge on Wednesday.  Can you help me find a train?|We have several that fit the bill, do you have a destination?
I would like to go to ely, and arrive by 17:45.|Do you have a time you would like to leave?
i want to leave as late as possible and still arrive by 17:45.|I can book you on the TR6745 leaving at 15:50 and arriving at 16:07.
That sounds wonderful!|How many tickets will you need?
I don't need a ticket, I just need to know the price and travel time, please.|That train will leave at 15.50 and arrive at 16:07.  the cost is 4.40 pounds.
Great. I also need a multiple sports attraction in the centre of town.|i dont happen to have any multiple sports venues in the centre. would you like me to find something else?
What about architecture in the centre?|I recommendvLittle saint mary's church don't let the name fool you, they are large and have a lot to see, would you like more information?
Can I get the address, please?|The address is Little Saint Mary's Lane.  Is there anything else you need to know?
No thank you that will be all|It was nice talking to you.  If you need assistance in the future, please don't hesitate to text us again.  Goodbye!
I will be in the centre of cambridge.  I am looking for any type of attraction involving architecture.|I'd recommend All Saints Church on Jesus Lane. Did you need help with anything else?
Can you give me the postcode for that?|The postcode is CB58BS. Can I help you find anything else?
I need a place to stay.|There are 33 places to stay, do you have any requirements?
I need something in the south and free parking.|I would recommend the Bridge Guest House based on your criteria. Would you like me to book you a room?
Can you tell me what their star rating is?|Of course! They are a 3-star establishment. Would you like me to go ahead and book that for you?
yes, 7 people 4 nights starting Wednesday.|I'm sorry. There is no availability. Would you like to try different dates or another hotel?
How about just 2 nights instead?|Bridge Guest House was available for 2 nights. Your reference number is ULWMFZAX. What else can I do for you today?
thats it, thanks!|You're very welcome, I'm glad that I could help.  I hope that you enjoy your stay!  Goodbye.
I need to book a train to norwich that arrives by 16:15.|What day would you like to leave?
I want to leave on Wednesday from Cambridge.|The TR1144 leaves Cambridge for Norwich on Wednesday at 05:36. Would that be good for you?
What is the price and travel time?|The price is 17.60 pounds.
And what is the travel time?|It is 79 minutes.
Thanks! Can you also tell me if there are any multiple sports attractions in the center of town?|there are not. i do have one in the east part of town. would you like the information for that venue?
Thats ok. I really want something in the centre. How about any suggestions on a good college to visit?|Christ's college is in the centre of town. Is there anything you need?
Could you please get me the phone number?|sure it's 01223334900
Thank you. That is all that I need.|Thank you, have a good day!
Hi, I will be traveling to Cambridge and am excited about seeing local tourist attractions.|Oh I'm super excited for you! Anything in particular you'd like to check out? How about some architecture?
Actually, I would prefer a nightclub.|There are 5 different nightclubs here in Cambridge. Do you have a specific type in mind?
No specific type, I just need the area that it's in, please.|All nightclubs are located in the centre.
Thank you. I'm also looking for a hotel in the north with a star of 4.|I'm sorry but there are no hotels that meet your criteria. Would you like to try another area?
Let's try 3 star hotels, instead.|still no hotels match your criteria
Can you check to see if there is a guesthouse available instead of hotel?  Something in the North with a star of 4 and free wifi.|There are 8 guesthouses in the north with 4 stars and free internet. Are you looking for parking as well?
No, can you recommend me a good one?|The archway house would be a great choice. It's located at 52 gilbert road, cb43pe. Would you like me to try and book a stay for you?
No thanks. Could you just tell me their phone umber and price range?|The archway house's phone number is 01223575314, it's a moderately priced guesthouse. Can I get you any more information?
I would also like to book a taxi from the Archway House to one of the nightclubs you mentioned. I would like to leave the hotel by 09:45.|Certainly.  What is your destination?
Could you recommend a nightclub from the previous search?|Yeah, the ballare is great. It's in the centre of town.
No, I did mean 09:45, thank you.|Okay great, the car will be a black honda and the contact number is 07537395912. Is that all you need today?
No, I wanted to check things out during the day time.  But thanks for making sure.|Thank you! Goodbye.
Hi, I am searching for a museum to attend in the centre of town.|There are 11 total museums in the centre of town. Would you prefer suggestions for art museums, history museums, science museums, galleries...?
I don't care of the type of museum.|I have located Williams Art and Antiques located at Gwydir Street, no. 5 Dale's Brewery. Would you like to visit this museum or would you like another suggestion?
That sounds good. What is the entrance fee if any, and it's postcode?|It is free to get in. The postcode is cb12lj.  Can I help you with anything else?
Yes I would like a good steak.|I can help you find a fantastic steakhouse. Do you have a preference for the area of price range of the restaurant?
No thanks, I actually need a train. I'll be heading to cambridge from peterborough on Sunday. I need to leave after 19:15.|Ok, there are 10 different trains, what time did you want to arrive by so we can narrow it down a bit.
Before that, I need a booking for 3 people. Does that narrow it down?|Sorry, that doesn't really narrow it down, they all have plenty of open seats.
I would like to book the train with the shortest travel time, if that narrows it down. I will also need the reference number.|Train TR3922 is leaving at 19:19 and arriving at 20:09. Booking was successful for 3 tickets, totaling 39.59 GBP. The Reference number is : WF0T26CV.
Thank you very much. That was all I needed. Have a great day.|You are welcome, goodbye!
I'm interested in finding some things to do in the centre area of town.  Specifically I am interested in multiple sports attractions.  Can I get more information?|Unfortunately, the only multiple sports option I have is in the east. Is there another type of attraction you would like to visit?
Can you look for a college?|I have 13 in the centre area of town. The emmanuel college is nice and it is free.
That sounds great, could you give me their address, phone and postcode please?|They are located at saint andrew's street, cb23ap and the phone number is 01223334200.
okay, I'm also looking for a place to dine. I'd like to eat italian food in the same area as the attraction please.|Sure, there are a number of options.  Were you looking for a specific price range?
No, there is no specific price range. I need to book a table for 8 people at 13:15 on Thursday.|Let's choose a place first. stazione restaurant and coffee bar is one of the options available
Sounds great! Can you please book me a table for 8 on Thursday at 13:15. Thanks|I have made those reservations and your reference number is  RH2680GW.
Thank you. Can you also book me a taxi to take me from Emmanuel College to get me to the Stazione restaurant by 13:15 please?|Your taxi is booked. Be expecting a grey Lexus. Please call 07002476636 should you need to reach them.
Great. Thank you!|Okay I'm glad I could help today.
I want to go to a theatre. Do you have any suggestions for one in town?|Yes, should I book you a ticket at cambridge arts theatre.
Yes. But could you also get the address of the theatre for me?|Sure, no problem they are located at 6 Saint Edward's Passage. Is there anything else?
Yes I am also looking for a train that leaves on Tuesday after 12:15. Can you help?|Can you give me a departure and arrival station?
I am going to Cambridge and need to leave from Bishops Stortford.|There are 6 trains. Would you like to leave at 13:29?
Yes. May I have the price, travel and arrival time please?|The train leaves at 13:29, arrives by 14:07, a total time of 38 minutes, and costs 10.10 pounds.
Thank you very much. You have been very helpful.|You are very welcome. Goodbye.
i need a place to dine in Cambridge with expensive gastropub food|We have three places, two in the center and one in the east, would you like more info or a booking on any of those?
i want one in the centre|The Backstreet Bistro would be an excellent choice. It's at 2 Sturton Street City Centre. I will book a table for you if you provide the party details.
book a table for 4 people at 12:00 on tuesday.|Reference number is : 65FUI2BA. May I assist you with anything else ?
Thank you. Can you help me find a nightclub also in the city Centre?|I found some night club in the center of town. Do you have preference for entrance fee?
Not really just close to the restaurant. Can you give me the address of the one you recommend?|its ok here is the address code V91275-45  thanks alot
Yes, I am planning my trip to Cambridge.  There are so many things to do it seems.  Exciting.  Can you help me with some information?|I certainly can. We have nearly 80 different attractions around town. First of all, do you have any preference as to the area of town you want to visit?
I would like the centre area please.|What types of attractions are you interested in, buildings, museums, nightclubs?
I am most interested in museums.|There are several museums, do you prefer an art or history themed museum?
Just any type of museum will do.|Cambridge contemporary art is available, are you interested in that?
Yes, that sounds good. Can I get their phone number and postcode please?|Sure! Their phone number is 01223324222 and postcode is cb21su.
Thank you, can you also help me with finding a hotel in the est?|Would the Express by Holiday Inn Cambridge be good?
Yes that would be great! Thank you for helping me with this.|You're welcome. Would you like me to book a room?
Oops look like I made a typo. Is that hotel a guesthouse and in the cheap price range?|Certainly. I see three guest houses, the allenbell, autumn house and leverton house, all with internet and parking. Would you like to book one of these?
As long as these are cheap guesthouses in the east then any one will do.  I need 4 people 2 nights from Monday please.|You have a room at The Allenbell at 517a Coldham Lane.  The reference number is QF67O63Y.  Can I help you with anything else?
I also need a taxi from the hotel to the museum, please. I'd like to leave the hotel by 01:00.|It's ready! Look for a blue tesla around that time. If you want to contact them call 07618255220. Would that be all for you today?
Yes that would be all thank you.|Excellent. Enjoy your day!
I would love to get some information on the abbey pool and astroturf pitch|Of course, Abbey Pool and Astroturf Pitch is located in the east at Pool Way, Whitehill Road, off Newmarket Road. Phone number 01223902088. Anything else I can help you with?
You said that's in the east, correct?|Yes, that's located in the east part of Cambridge.
How often do trains depart peterborough going to cambridge during the week?|The trains leave twice per hour at :19 and :48 with the first train leaving at 5:19 and the last train leaving at 23:48. Do you need to book a seat?
NOt at this time.  Thanks for your help|Okay is there something else I can do?
Actually, I would like to book a train. It needs to arrive by 20:30. I'd like to book for 3 people.|There are many trains. Do you have a preference for departure time?
Yes I would like to arrive by 20:30 in Cambridge from Peterborough.|What day would you like to leave?
I would like to depart on Wednesday.|Okay the TR9969 leaves at 19:19 and arrives at 20:09. Book this one?
thanks so much for all of your help I cant wait to get there!|Would you like me to book you a ticket?
I apologize, I am so excited about the trip it is making me spacy, please book me for 3 people.|Train TR9969 has been booked for 3 people. Your reference number is : P5EYMMIG. Is there anything else I can do for your today?
How about a moderately prices Italian restaurant in the same area as the hotel?|We haven't talked about a hotel.
You're right. Now that we have the train booked, that's all I need.|Have a good trip!
Hello I am looking for a place to go, can you help me?|I have found 79 place for you. Do you have any specific ideas in mind?
What attraction types do you have in the west?|There are mostly colleges and museums in the west. Would you be interested in one of those?
Sure, can you recommend one to me and give me the address and type?|Clare college is a college, it is located on trinity lane, post code cb21tl
Great! Thank you for all of your help.|You're quite welcome! Will that be all for today?
You have helped with what I needed, thank you, goodbye!|Thank you and enjoy your visit.
Hi, I would like to book a 4 star guesthouse in Cambridge|Sure, is there an area that you prefer?
Yes, I would like it to be in the north.|Do you care about internet or parking?
Yes, I will need both.|We have 7 places to pick from any other preferences?
I have no other preferences.|Okay, I would like to recommend the Acorn Guest House.
Great.  Please book it for 2 people for 2 nights starting on wednesday, and provide the reference number.  Also, we would like to find an attraction near the hotel.|I have booked at the Acorn Guest House. Your reference number is  TVFEX8R1. How can I further assist you?
What attractions are nearby?|Okay. There are boats, a park, and pools. Would like more information on any of this?
Anything that you recommend, I'm new to the town.|I would recommend riverboat georgina. Would you like the address or phone number for that?
Yes can you please get that for me?|Their address is Cambridge Passenger Cruisers, Jubilee House. Their phone number is 01223902091.
I'm going to need a ride between the two, can I get a taxi?|What time would you like to travel?
I need to leave the hotel by 16:15. Thanks|A Red Lexus will pick you up at 16:15 at the hotel. Contact number is 07277932086. Is there anything else I can help you with?
That's all, thank you so much!|you're welcome. thank you for using our system. have a good day.
I want to book a train from stansted airport on thursday.|There are several trains leaving from stansted airport on thursday, is there a specific time you would prefer to leave?
I need it to arrive by 17:15 and go to Cambridge|TR7012 departs the airport at 16:24 and arrives in Cambridge by 16:52.  Would this work for you?
Yes. Please book for 1 person.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 10.1 GBP payable at the station .
Reference number is : 5P72XENH.
Great, thanks! Can you also recommend something fun to do in town?|What side of town?
What area do you recommend for entertainment?|I am not showing anything in the Centre, is there another area you would like to try?
Well, what area do you recommend for entertainment?|How about in the South part? There are two venues, Nusha and Tenpin. Would you like information about one of those?
Sure, could I have the address and phone number for both?|Nusha : unit g6, cambridge leisure park, clifton road cb17dy , phone: 01223902158. Tempin : cambridge leisure park, clifton way cb17dy 	08715501010
Thank you for the entertainment information in the south. That's it. You've been helpful. Goodbye.|You are welcome. It has been a pleasure assisting you today. Have a wonderful day.
Hi there, I've heard of something fun to do in the city called Nusha but I'm not sure where it is. Can you help me figure out how to get there?|Nusha is an entertainment venue on the south side of town. Would you like their address and/or contact information?
No, I am familiar with the south side.  Thanks for your help.  That is all I really need to know.  Bye.|Ok. Have a good day!
Oh, wait, can you help me find a train to Cambridge?|Sure! Where are you coming from, what day are you coming, and what time do you want to get here?
I'm leaving on Tuesday anytime after 14:45 and I'm coming from Ely.|TR9420 will leave at 15:35 if that works for you.
What is the travel time, and what time will it arrive at?|Arrival at 15:32 and your travel time is only 17 minutes. Would you like me to get the tickets for you?
Yes and I need the reference number|Your reference number is BIBMWTH4. Is there anything else you need today?
no that's all thank you|I hope you enjoy your trip. Are you sure you have everything you need?
Yes, that is all I need right now. Thank you!|You are welcome. Goodbye.
I am looking for places to go in the centre of town and I would like it to be a museum.|How does the Museum of Archaelogy and Anthropology sound?  It is in the centre and has free admission.
What's the postcode for that?|The post code for the Museum of Archaeology and anthropology is cb23dz.
Can I also get the phone number for that?|The phone number is 01223333516.  Is there anything else that I can help you with?
I'll also need a train on Monday.|I can help you with that, what destination, departure site, and time would you like to travel?
leaving monday from kings lynn after 19:15 going to cambridge. I need to get 2 tickets and may I have the referral number please?|Reference number is : DOA079HV Is there anything else I can help you with
No that would be all thank you|Thank you for using Help Desk. Goodbye.
I am looking for King's College.|Yes, King's College is in the centre and located on King's Parade. Their phone number is 01223331100.
Thank you!|May I help you with any thing else?
Yes.  Do you know what their entrance fee is?  Also, I need some help finding an Italian restaurant in the centre area.|It is free admission into the King's college. Sure I can help with that. What is your price range?
I don't have a price range preference.|There is pizza express it's moderately priced, would you like more information or for me to book it for you?
Yes please. I would like the reservation for Thursday at 15:00 for 2 people.|I was able to book your table.  The  Reference number is : WA5JKA4G.  Is there anything else you needed?
I also need a taxi to travel between King's College and the restaurant.|Booking completed!
Booked car type	:	blue tesla
Contact number	:	07982639539
That was all I needed, thank you.|thanks for using our services and welcome anytime
I'm looking for a place to dine that's in the cheap price range and that serves Indian food.|Would you like a recommendation, or do you want to specify an area?
I'd like a recommendation that is able to book a table for 5 people at 14:45 on Friday.|Alright, I booked you a table for 5 on Friday at 14:45 at the Kohinoor. Your reference number is 20OK4WP8. Can I help you with anything else?
Thanks, I'd also like to find an attraction in the east, please.|How about the Cambridge Museum of Technology at The Old Pumping Station on Cheddars Lane?
That sounds great! Can you give me their postcode and phone number?|The phone number is 01223368650 and the post code is cb58ld. Can I help you with anything else?
I'll need to book a taxi from the Cambridge Museum of Technology to the Kohinoor, arriving by 14:45.|I've booked your taxi.  It will be a grey skoda and the contact no. is 07998309857.  Is there anything else that I can help you with?
No, you have been very helpful.  Thanks so much and have a nice day.  Bye.|Thank you for choosing Help Desk. Good bye.
I'm looking for architectural attactions in the centre. Can you recommend one?|There are 5 architecture attractions in the centre: all saints church, great saint mary's church, holy trinity church, little saint mary's church, old schools. Would you like more information on one?
Could I get the phone number and address for holy trinity church?|Yes,  the phone number is 01223355397 and it is on market street.  Is there anything else I can do for you?
I am also wanting to find a place to stay. Although, I will need something with free parking. I can't afford to pay extra at some place that charges extra.|I'm showing 2 guesthouses and 2 hotels in the area, all have free parking.  Might I suggest the gonville hotel?  It's on gonville place and is expensive and nice.
Are any of these accommodations a 0 star?|The El Shaddai guesthouse is a 0-star, cheap place.
Does it have free wi-fi? I can't afford to pay extra for that, either.|It does indeed have free wifi for you.  Would you like to book a room?
Can you tell me what area the El Shaddai is located in?|El Shaddai is located in the centre area. I can go ahead and book that for you if you'd like.
No thanks, that's all I need for now.|Okay. Have an awesome day!
Where is a museum that is located in the Cambridge centre?|There are museum through cambridge, 23 total options.  Any preference for area?
I would like a museum near the centre. Could you please tell me the fee, phone number, and postal code.|The Broughton House Gallery, post code cb11ln, phone 01223314960, is free.
Is this a cheap place?|It is actually free.
Excellent.  Can you find me a cheap restaraunt that is also located in the centre area?|I have 15 in that area. Do you have a preference for type of food?
I don't. I'm mostly just focused on the area and he cheap price range.  Any suggestions?|The rice house is a good place and is cheap.
Nice can i make a booking for 1 person at 16:30 on friday.|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : 3YRWRSSF. You're all set. Is there anything else I can do?
Actually yes. I'd like to book a taxi so I can go back and forth between the museum and the restaurant|what is your departure and destination?
I want a taxi to take me to the restaurant by 15:30 from The Broughton House Gallery. I need the contact number and car type as well.|You are set.  Look for a yellow BMW.  Contact number	: 07967629746.  What else can I assist you with today?
Oh, I think I'm all set. Thank you.|Glad to help. Have a nice day. Bye.
I have the name of an attraction that I need directions to.|Okay, what is it called?
Milton Country Park is the name.|Milton Country Park is located in the North of the city. I do not have directions, but their phone number is 01223420060
Great, can you help me find a place to eat that serves expensive Indian food?|I found several restaurants for you.  Do you prefer a certain area?
Yes, Can your search in the east please?|Yes, there are two options in the East.  Pipasha Restaurant and Sitar Tandoori.  Does either of those sound appealing?
Yes can I get the address, postcode, and phone number for Sitar Tandoori?|it is in 43 High Street Cherry Hinton Cherry Hinton,cb19hx and phone number is 01223249955
The last thing I need is a taxi to pick me up at the Milton County Park and take me to the restaurant.|May I have the time you would like to leave Milton Country Park and arrive at Sitar Tandoori so I can get this booked for you?
I'd like to leave the park at 14:45 please. Can you tell me the car type and contact number too|I've booked you a yellow ford with the following contact number 07007541693.
Thank you. You have been a great help.|You are so very welcome! Goodbye, and have a great trip!
I would like to go to a nightclub in the centre.|You have five options for nightclubs in the center. Soul Tree Nightclub has the lowest entry fee, at 4 pounds.
What is the postcode for Soul Tree Nightclub?|The post code is cb23qf. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes.  Are there any North Indian restaurants close to the nightclub?|What's your price range?
I would like something cheap.|There are no North Indian restaurants but there are some Indian restaurants in the centre of town. Would you like information about one of those?
Actually, can you check for a Chinese restaurant in the north then?|I'm sorry I may have misunderstood. Were you looking for cheap Indian food on the north side of town?
I was, but since there's no cheap Indian food in the north I want to see if there's any cheap Chinese in the north.|There's no cheap Chinese food in the north. Would you like me try something else?
are there any chinese restaurants that are cheap in the north?|Unfortunately, there are none. Could you like to try an alternative type of food?
No, i didn't have any other choices.|perhaps we try a different location?
Do you have any cheap chinese restaurants in the centre?|Yes, we have 3. I recommend Golden House.
Great, can I just get the postcode?|Yes, the postcode is cb21eg. Can i assist you further, today?
No, that's all I need today. Thank you.|You're welcome. Enjoy your trip! Goodbye
I need a train for tuesday leaving after 13:15. Do you have one?|I have 229 results for trains leaving after 13:15, could you be more specific on where you want to depart/arrive and what day you are traveling?
Of course, thanks! I'll be traveling on Tuesday, departing from Stevenage.|First train leaves at 13:54 on tuesday
That sounds good. Can I get the train ID and the departure/arrival times?|The ID is TR1830 and it leaves at 13:54 and arrives by 14:43. Do you want me to book it?
Not right now, thanks. But can you tell me a little about Churchill College?|Yes, it is located in the west. Address is Storey's way. It is free to enter.
Great, and what type of attraction is Storey's Way?  Also, backing up a bit, can you give me the travel time for Train TR1830?|The travel time for TR1830 is 49 minutes.  What would you like to know about churchill college?
What sort of place is it, and what area of town is it in?|The entrance fee is free and its located in the west area. Churchill college is a college.
Just want to make sure I understand you correctly, Churchill College is a college, but what type of a attraction is it?  Is it a college museum?|It appears to be listed as a college in the West.  Is there any other information on it you would like?
No thank you.|Okay, and is there anything else you need help with or will that be all?
No thank you, that is all I need right now. Goodbye.|Thank you for contacting Cambridge TownInfo Centre.  Have a great day!
I am looking for a moderate priced restaurant while I am visiting.|Is location a concern?
Yeah, I'd like to stay in the centre of town.|There are over 20 results. Would you like a certain type of food?
Thank you! I don't care what kind of cuisine they serve.|There's a fantastic British restaurant, Restaurant One Seven. Or  if you're interested in Chinese food, Jingling Noodle Bar also has wonderful reviews. Do either of those interest you?
Sure could I get the phone number to Jingling Noodle Bar?|The phone number is 01223566188.  I can book that for you if you'd like.
i am  also looking for places to go in town.|Do you have a specific kind of attraction in mind?
An entertainment venue, I think. Near the restaurant, if possible.|How about museum of archaelogy and anthropology? It's located in the centre as well.
No, let's try a college instead. What do you recommend?|corpus christi is very popular. The phone number is 01223334900 and the entrance fee is free.
Thanks, I also need a taxi between the two places and arrive to the retaurant at 14:45.|The taxi is booked. The car type is blue Volkswagen. The contact number is 07313427234.
Okay, great. Thank you for your help!|Would you like me to reserve it for you?
Uh, you already did. That was all I needed today. Goodbye.|Enjoy your trip!
I'm looking for a place to in the centre, perhaps a college.|There are 13 colleges in the centre of town. Would you prefer a college without an entrance fee?
No preference. Can you make a recommendation and give me the address, phone number, and entrance fee?|christ's college is great. the address is st andrews st, free entrance & their number is 01223334900, anything else?
I need a train on Saturday after 14:30.|Where are you leaving from and traveling to?
I need to travel to Norwich from Cambridge after 14:30.|The TR1156 leaves at 15:16. Will that work for you?
Yes can I have an arrival time please?|The arrival time is 16:35.
Okay thank you for your help.|Thank you for using Cambridge TownInfo Centre.
Could you give me some information on a hotel named el shaddai?|Lovely guesthouse. It is in the centre and is very cheap. It has 0 stars but it does offer internet and free parking!
I would like to make a booking for wednesday.|How many people would you like to stay, and how many nights from wednesday?
The booking is for just one ferret for 5 nights.|I"m sorry I don't understand you have a pet?
No, that was a typo.  1 person for 5 nights starting on Wednesday.|Sorry, it's all booked up. Would you like to try a shorter stay?
Try 3 nights, please.|Okay, you're all booked for Wednesday, for three nights. The reference number is 0X2R39XC. Anything else today?
i am also looking for a taxi leaving the hotel at 04.30 get me the contact number and car type please.|whats your destination?
The hotel please from the swimming pool|Am I correct that you will be leaving Parkside Pools to go to El Shaddai?
No. I would like to leave El Shaddai at 04:30 to go to the swimming pool|Okay.  I booked a yellow audi with contact number 07650378763.
Terrific.  Thanks for all your help.  Goodbye!|Thank you for using our service today.
Yes I am looking for a college to visit. Can you help me?|Well Christ's college is quite famous and is free to enter.
That sounds nice. Can you please give me the address, including the postcode?|It is located at Saint Andrew's Street, cb23bu. Is there anything else that I can do for you?
Yes, I would also like to find a place to stay, expensive price range, but with free parking.|There are 5 hotels that meet this criteria. What part of town would you prefer to stay in?
I would like to stay in the north.|Unfortunately, I don't happen to have anything in the north that is expensive. Is there another price range or area I can try for you?
How about a moderately priced one?|There are 9 moderately priced hotels to choose from. Any other requirements to narrow down your choices?
Do any of the hotels offer free parking?|there are five guesthouses that have free parking.
I'll take the highest rated one of those. I need 4 nights starting Tuesday for 7 people, please.|I have booked you in the highly rated Acorn guest house for 4 nights beginning Tuesday.  The reference number is FK8743UH.  Is there anything else I can help with
Yes. I'd like to book a taxi to get there.|Absolutely, what time would you like to depart from the college?
I would like to leave Christ's college by 19:00.|Great I got a white skoda phone number 07971687645
Thank you for your help.Bye.|Have a great day!
I do need some information.  I'm looking for a place to stay.|Which area of town would you like to stay in? Do you have a price preference or any other essentials?
No specific area or price range. I would like a four star guesthouse with wifi.|I recommend the Allenbell. It's 4 stars, but cheap! Would you like to book a room?
Yes please, if you can book for 4 people for 5 nights starting wednesday.|Booking was successful. Your reference number is: XRWYCWBT.
I  also need information on a particular attraction called the Gonville and Caius College.|Yes they are on trinity street in the centre of town.  Postcode is cb21ta and phone is 01223332400 if you are partial to chatting on the tele.  Is there anything else that I can help you with?
yes all I need now are the entrance fees|There entrance fee is free. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Can you book a taxi for me from the college to the Allenbell?  I want to leave the college by 5:30.|sure thing all set you will be riding in style in a white bmw contact # is 07606742990, anything else?
Great! Thanks! That's all I needed.|Great.  Have a great trip!
I am looking for attractions in the centre.|There are many things to do in the centre is there a type of attraction you are looking for?
Any place would be great.|I can recommend the Cambridge University Botanic Gardens, it's both peaceful and interesting. The entrance fee is 4 pounds. Does that sound like what you're looking for?
That sounds wonderful, what is the address on that?|The Botanic Gardens are located on bateman street.  Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Can I please have the exact address location?|Cambridge University Botanic Gardens is located on bateman street.  Does this help?
Yes, thanks! I also need a table at La Raza, please. Tuesday, 3 people, at 19:00.|I was unable to book that time. Would you like to try another time?
Really?  Can you try one more time?  I really wanted La Raza on Tuesday for 3 people at 19:00.|Unfortunately they are booked at this time. Can I possibly try a little bit earlier or later for you?
Yes, please.|Did you want to try earlier?
It really needs to be 19:00 for 3 people on Tuesday at La Raza. Can you try again please?|La Raza is completely booked at that time, I apologize for the inconvenience. Would you like to try an earlier reservation?
No, I just need the reservation for that time and place.|Is there another time you'd like to try, it is not avaialble.
How about 18:00?|I'm sorry that time is not good either, are you positive you need it for 3 on Tuesday?
Yes, 3 people at 19:00 on Tuesday.  If that doesn't work, I'll just call and book it myself.|Sorry, that was also unsuccessful.
Okay, well, I'll take my chances on availability when I get there.  I also need a taxi to get to the restaurant by 19:00.|And where are you leaving from?
The Botanic Garden at Cambridge University|I was able to book that taxi for you. Be looking for a red Ford. If you need to reach them, their phone number is 07033355721. Anything else for today?
Okay. Thank you very much.|I am happy to have been of assistance. Have a great day. Goodbye.
Can you help me find a train?|Yes, I can help you. What station will you be leaving from and what is your destination?
I'll be leaving from cambridge and going to broxbourne.|When will you be traveling?
On Monday, and I need to arrive by 12:15|TR5971 departs at 11:01 and arrives by 12:01. Would you like a ticket?
I don't need to book at this time, but can I get the travel time for that route?|Of course! The duration of the trip is 60 minutes. Can I help you with anything else today?
Are there any cinemas in the centre of town?|Yes the is Vue Cinema would you like their information ?
I need a place to stay in the centre of cambridge with free wifi.|There are many places located in Cambridge that meet your criteria. Do you mind narrowing your search preferences?
Yes I need a hotel in the East and 2 stars with free wifi.|The express by holiday inn cambridge is the only options fitting your preferences. Would you like me to reserve a room?
i would like to book it 3 nights for one person starting on Thursday|You are booked for Express by Holiday Inn for 3 nights starting Thursday night. Your reference number is LEHR9ZYQ. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Are there any multiple sports attractions in the centre area?|Unfortunately, no. Are there any other attractions you are interested in?
Oh no, ok. What about a college?|There are more than a few colleges in that area - would you like to avoid the ones with entrance fees?
Sure. Could you give me the postcode and phone number of a free one?|Emmanuel college is located at saint andrew's street, postcode cb23ap, phone 01223334200. Can I help with anything else?
Great can I also get a taxi between the hotel and emmanuel college? I want to leave the attraction by 19:15 please.|I've successfully booked a taxi leaving Emmanuel College at 19:15 -- it'll be a grey Lexus. The contact number is 07103614017 if you have any issues.
Great that's all I needed today, thank you.|Thank you for using our service. Have all of your needs been met today?
Yes thank you so much.|You are welcome, if you need anything else, just contact us we are always happy to help.
I'm looking for a cheap place to stay with free wifi please.|i recommend allenbell  01223210353
Okay that sounds great! Thanks for your help!|You're very welcome!  Is there anything else that I can help you with?
Does the allenbell have free parking?|Yes, it does offer free parking
I would like to make a reservation for 5. Book it for 4 nights starting this Wednesday|Your reservations have been made.  Your reference number is 6AG8HV72.  Is there anything else I can help you with?
Are there any architecture attractions near the centre?|I have 5 architectural attractions in the centre. If I may, I would suggest All Saints Church. They offer free entrance.
cool, what's their phone number?|All Saints Church's number is 01223452587.
Can I get their address as well?|The address is jesus lane. Can I get you any other information?
No, that will be all. Thank you for your help!|Okay, have a great day!
I'm looking for a place to dine that serves welsh food.|There are none in the area that serves Welsh food, would you like to look for another type of cuisine?
Is there one that serves Italian food?|There are 15 italian restaurants. Do you have preference in food price or area?
I'd like a moderate price range, please.|I have 5 moderately priced Italian restaurants.  Do you have a preference on area, they are spread around the east, west, south, and centre.
I don't have an area preference, but I would like to book a table for 6 people at 16:45 on wednesday.|You are booked into Prezzo which is moderately priced on the west side. Your reference number is G2FIPHUL. Is there anything else?
I am also looking for a place to go, anything with architecture.|I have found 5 attractions. They are all in the centre. Would you like to visit all saints church?
That sounds great to me. Can I get the phone number, postcode, and area please?|Sure!  The phone number is 01223452587, the postcode is cb58bs, and that is in the centre area.
Great!  I think you've covered it all.  I don't need anything else.  Thank you!|You're quite welcome. Just let us know if you need any further assistance. Have a great day!
I am planning a trip and need information on a particular attraction.|Do you know the name of the attraction?
I would like information about Cherry Hinton Water Play, please.|Sure, it's located in the east and is on cherry hinton hall, cherry hinton road. The postcode is cb18dw. It's also free admission.
i also need a place to stay|Are you looking to stay in a certain area of town?
Yeah I'd like to stay in the south.|Do you have a price range or preferred star rating?
should have a star of 4.|rosa's bed and breakfast is in the south and it's a 4 star hotel. Should I book it?
Yes. Book for 3 people for 2 nights starting on Sunday.|Your booking was successful. Your reference number is 10GCABIO. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Can I get a taxi from the attraction to Rosa's B&B by 02:30?|Alright, you're booked! The car will be a yellow Lexus, and the contact number is 07345849347. Is there anything else you need today?
No, that's it.  Thank you.  You've been a great help today.|It's been my pleasure. Have a wonderful evening. Goodbye.
I am travelling to Cambridge, soon, and would like to gather some information on local tourist attractions.|Great, I can definitely help you with that. Did you have a particular type of attraction or area of town you were looking for?
Actually, I have heard about the great local restaurants. I am looking for something in the moderate price range.|The are 31 restaurants with a moderate price range.   Is there a preference for area and cuisine type?
The restaurant should be in the centre. should serve asian oriental food. please Make sure you get phone number and postcode.|Yippee Noodle bar is an Asian Oriental restaurant in the Centre that I recommend.  Located at 40428 King street centre postcode cb11lh.  Would you like a reservation?
Yes I would like a reservation on Tuesday for 18:00 for 3 people.|Your reservation has been booked.
Thanks, do you have reference number and phone number? I also need some information on multiple sports places in the same area.|The reference number is not available but the phone number is 01223518111. If you're looking for sports places the cherry hinton village centre will work.
Is that in the center of town?|Yes it is in the centre of town
I am looking for a certain hotel.  I think that it is called something like Allenball|Would you like me to make a reservation there for you?
Do you know if they offer free parking?|Yes, Allenbell has both free parking and internet and is in the cheap price range. Would you like to reserve a room?
not today. i also want information about a place to go and should be in the west|There are 13 great places you could visit. Do you have a particular attraction in mind? I would recommend a museum.
A museum sounds fun can I have the phone number and postcode for the one you recommend?|Sure.  How about Cafe Jello Gallery.  The postcode is cb30af and phone number is 01223312112.
Thanks, can you also book me a taxi?|Sure! Where do you need it to go and when will you need it?
To commute between both places, I want to leave the hotel at LEAST by 21:45.|Please look for a grey Audi.  The contact number is 07213476873.  What else can I help with today?
Okay thank you, that's all I needed.|You're welcome. Let me know if you end up needing anything else.
Can you help me get a train ticket leaving birmingham new street on sunday please?|We have many options that meet your needs.  Do you have a certain destination in mind?
I am looking to go to cambridge and leave after 21:00 please.|I have three different choices depending on when you want to arrive.  I've got one arriving by 24:23.  Would that work?
That would be great, I'd like to book for 1 person please.|Your ticket has been booked, reference number is D77TJZNF
Thank you. Can you tell me what kinds of museums there are in that area?|There are over 20 museums in the city, is there a particular part of town you'd like to be in?
No, I do not have any preference on area.  What would you suggest?|You might like Broughton House Gallery.  Would you like more information about this?
Yes please may I have their postcode?|Sure!  The postcode is cb11ln.  Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No I think that's all I need for now, thank you!|You're welcome, have a wonderful visit!
Yes, hello. I'm trying to find a particular museum, can you help me with that?|Yeah, I've got access to a complete and comprehensive list of all the museums in Cambridge. Which one are you looking for?
I am looking for the museum of archaelogy and anthropology.  If you find it I'll need the area, phone and postcode please.|Sure, it is in the town centre with a postcode of cb23dz.  You can call them at 01223333516.  Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Can you find me somewhere to stay in the East part of town?|There are seven places to stay, could you tell me a price range or other criteria for your stay?
I am looking for a place with free parking and wifi|Alright, you have six options: three cheap, two moderate, and one expensive. Would you like more information?
I think the expensive one will do nicely. May I have the postcode, hotel type, and phone number please?|It is a hotel. The post code is cb13lh and the phone number is 01223866800.
That's all I need.  I'll call an Uber.|Sounds good. Let me know if there's anything else you need.
Can you help me find some place to go in town where I can find some entertainment? Thanks.|My computer is showing five possibles for you. Do you have a specific part of town you will be in?
No, I could go anywhere. What are my choices?|I have five places. Is there an area or a specific name you would like to know about?
No, just recommend one for me , please|I would recommend Nusha on the south side, they are at unit g6, cambridge leisure park, clifton road, cb17dy, any other questions?
Thank you for the recommendation. Is there an entrance fee at Nusha?|The entrance fee per person is not available online. Is there any other info I can provide?
yeah i want info about a particular restaurant|Sure thing what kind of food?
I'm looking for the ugly duckling.|What information do you require about that place?
I just need to know the area, phone number and postcode, please.|Uglyl Duckling is in the centre of town. Their post code is cb21tw and their phone number is not listed. Is there anything further?
No that will be all, thank you very much.|Thank you for using our services. Have we met all of your needs today?
Yes, thanks a lot!|You're very welcome. Please contact us again, if we can be of further assistance. Good-bye.
Can you help me find a very expensive place to eat that serves crossover food?|I'm sorry but there are no restaurants that serve crossover food. Would you like to choose something different?
How about an Indian restaurant?|We love our indian food in cambridge, there are 14 restaurants to choose from.  Did you have a location in mind to help narrow it down?
I would like an expensive Indian restaurant in Cambridge please, the area is not important.|I recommend The Golden Curry in the centre. Would you like me to book a table for you there?
No at this time. I'm also looking for attractions in the centre area.|What interests you: museums, architecture, theater, cinema?
I enjoy all of those. Could you make me a recommendation?|If you would like a suggestion, there is a nightclub called the Club Salsa that is always a very popular venue in the centre of town. Would you like more info?
No, anything but a night club.  What else can you recommend in the centre area?|How about scudamores punting co, it's a gorgeous boat. Address is granta place, mill lane, postcodecb21rs, phone number 01223359750.
Thank you. I will need a taxi to get from the restaurant to the boat. Can you book that for me?|What time would you like to leave and arrive?
I would like to leave by 24:30.|Okay, I've booked you a grey volkswagen and the contact number is 07525319116. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
That will be all, thank you for your help. Have a great day!|My pleasure, enjoy your stay!
I'm looking for a hotel to stay in. It should have free internet and parking.|I can look that up for you!  Did you have a particular area you wished to stay in or other important criteria?
I'd like a place that is cheap but still has free wifi and free parking. Do you have a place like that?|The Cambridge Belfry is cheap in the west and has a 4-star rating. They offer both free wifi and parking. Would you like me to book you a room?
No, thanks. I would like the postcode to that hotel, please.|The postcode on that hotel is cb236bw. Is there anything more I can assist you with today?
I am also looking for something to do in town. Are there any cinemas?|Unfortunately, there are no cinemas in the west. Can I try another area?
Yes, please try the centre.|I have the Vue Cincema in the centre.
That will work as that is also close to me! Thank you.|Ok, the Vue Cinema is located at the Grafton Centre, East Road. Do you need any other information about it?
Yes. What are the postcode and entrance fee?|I don't have info on the entry fee, sorry.  Post code is cb11ps.  You can also try calling them at 08712240240.  Anything else I can help you with?
No, I believe that is everything I need for now.  Thanks so much.  Bye.|I'm pleased I could assist you.  Goodbye.
I want a train leaving from leicester.|Sure! Where would you like to travel to? What day would you like to travel? Do you have any preferences on departure times?
I'll be coming from Leicester to Cambridge on Friday.  I'd like to arrive by 21:15.|Anytime you prefer to leave?
No. Just as I make my arrival time but not leave unnecessarily early.|The TR4170 leaves at 09:09. Will that work for you?
Yes can you book that one please?|How many tickets?
I need 5 tickets and the reference number. I would like to go to a museum attraction in town. Please provide a area, phone number, and postcode.  Thank you.|okay, booking was successful. The total cost is 189 GBP. Reference number is : 44KVOVJM. What area do you need the museum to be in?
It doesn't matter as long as it is a nice museum.|Does it matter if it has a entrance fee?
no. find me where it is located, phone number and postcode|Okay how about broughton house gallery in the centre? Their phone is 01223314960. Postcode is cb11ln and address is 98 king street. Entrance is free.
Yes, that's fine.Thank you so much. That's all I needed today.|Happy to be of service, and enjoy your time in Cambridge!
I am looking for activities tomorrow within the town.|Great!  There are lots of things to do here! Did you have a certain activity in mind?
No, I was hoping to get some suggestions for places near the center of town.|I have a lot of options for you, what are you interested in - for example, architecture, museums, entertainment venues, churches?
How about a church? Are there any with free admission?|I'm afraid I don't have any churches in my directory. Is there something else you'd like? There are a number of free museums.
Sure, can you recommend me one?|How about the Museum of Archaeology and Anthropology?
That sounds great! Can I get their address and phone? And is there a fee to get in?|Of course. It's free to get in. The phone number is 0122333516 and their address is University of Cambridge, Downing Street.
Thanks. I also need to find a cheap restaurant in the same area.|i have 15 cheap restaurants in the centre of town. what type of cuisine would you like?
Hmmm...malaysian is sounding pretty good right now.|I'm sorry, there are no Malaysian restaurants in the center of town. Would you like to choose a different type of food?
how about italian, book a table for 5 at 11:30 on tuesday, and I need the reference number|I have booked a table for you at Ask and your reference number is X9V8FWH8.
Thank you for your help that's all I need today.|Great if you need further assistance, you can always contact us.
I am in Cambridge and would like to try the restaurant City Stop Restaurant.|Would you like me to make a booking for you?
Could you? That would be great. I would love a table for 7 on Saturday at 17:45 please.|Great! I've booked it for you. Your reference number is RSD4T8NR.
Thanks. I also want to find a college in the center to visit.|We have several colleges in the centre area to choose from.  Would you like information on one with no entrance fee?
Yes please. Could you make sure I get the postcode?|christ's college	postcode is cb23bu
Thank you, that is all that I needed. Have a great day!|You're very welcome! You have a great day too!
I'm looking for an attraction in the centre of town.|There are 44 attractions that fit your criteria. Are you looking to visit a specific type of attraction?
I'd love to visit a park, especially a botanical garden if one is in that area!|Cambridge University Botanic Gardens is located in town centre. Would you like more information?
Yes, may I have their phone number please? I'd also love to eat at a Malaysian place near the park. Any ideas?|Unfortunately there are no restaurants that match that description. Could you like to try other food types?
No, thanks for helping. Goodbye!|Okay well please call back if you change your mind.
Hi, I would love to try a Mediterranean restaurant. Do you have any suggestions?|There are three options, the gardenia which is cheap in price range, along with la mimosa and shiraz restaurant which is expensive.  Ant preference?
I would prefer expensive and I'm looking to reserve a table for 1 at 17:00 on Sunday, please.|I can get those reservations for you at la mimosa. Would you like me to make the reservation?
Yes, I need a table for 1 at 17:00 on Sunday.|Unfortunately, that time slot is unavailable. Can I try a different time for you?
Okay, would 16:00 be a better time on Sunday?|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : B1TRUT9Y.
I would like to book a taxi to commute between the two places.|Your taxi has been booked. The contact number is 07330545456. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Can you confirm the time that taxi was booked?  I need it to arrive at the restaurant by 16:00.|I have confirmed that the taxi will arrive at La Mimosa at 16:00. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
I just need to know what type of car you booked for the taxi.|It is a red honda, and their phone number is 07330545456
Will it arrive at the restaurant by the booked time?|Correct. Everything is set.
ok, that's all I needed, thank you.|You're welcome, have a nice day.
I am looking for information on a nightclub in the south.|I have one listing for a nightclub called,"the place".
Okay. Could I get the address, postcode, and phone number for that one?|It is located on 22 Sidney Street.  The phone number is 01223324600.  Can I be of further assistance?
i need the postcode too|it is located on Sidney Street and the postcode is cb23hg
I need car type and contact number|Ok i will find you one and send you.thanks
I am looking for a cheap place to stay that includes free parking.|I have ten different possible locations for you that are cheap and have free parking. Is there anything else to narrow down your selection, such as area?
Do any of those offer free wifi as well?|Yes, all of them include free wifi. Is there a specific area you would like to stay in?
The area does not matter to me, but I need accommodations for 6 adults for 3 nights and 4 days beginning this Sunday.|I'm sorry but it looks like all the hotels are booked on those days. Would you like to change the start date or number of days?
Would I be able to book for two nights?|Yes. I have you booked at Alexander Bed and Breakfast for two night for 6 people starting on Sunday. Your reference number is MTXCH8MN.
Are there any nightclubs in the east side of town?|There are no nightclubs in that part of town. Would you like to try a different part of town?
How about a museum in the east instead?|There are four museums in that area: Cambridge Artworks, Cambridge Museum of Technology, Gallery at Twelve A High Street, and Saint Barnabas Press Gallery.  Do any of those sound interesting?
Yes, may I have the phone numbers to those museums?|Sure. Artworks is 01223902168, Museum of Tech is 01223368650, Gallery is 01223295264, and Barnabas is 01223902116. Anything else I can help with?
Thanks, that's all I need today. Goodbye!|Have a wonderful day!
looking for arbury lodge guesthouse|Arbury Lodge is located at 82 Arbury Road, in the north area of town. It's 4 stars and moderately priced. Would you like to book a room?
Yes I would like a room for 4 nights starting from Sunday. I will also need the reference number please.|Sounds good. How many people should I make reservations for?
just one person please.|I have made your reservation for 1 person, for 4 nights starting on Sunday. Your reference number is RX0F3K8S. Is there anything else I can do for you?
thanks. i'm also looking for some places to visit around town.|What type of attraction would you like to visit?
I would like to visit a college in the centre please.|great, i have 13 you could visit!
Wow!  That's one smart place.  Pick one that you like!|gonville and caius college is my favourite. can i give you their contact?
Yes please give me their entrance fee and phone number.|gonville and caius college has a free entrance fee. Their phone number is 01223332400. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
I also need a taxi between them that leaves the hotel by 12:30.|you have been assigned a white skoda and the contact is 07605405449. what else do you need?
Thanks so much for the information. Good day!|You're welcome. Have a great day! Goodbye.
Hello, I am looking for a museum in Cambridge. What museums are there?|The broughton house gallery is a museum in Cambridge's centre. Was there a particular side of the city you would like?
I didn't have an area preference so that works.|Very good. They are at 98 King Street, CB11LN. Their phone number is 01223314960, and admission is free. Can I help you with anything else?
I also need to book a room in a 2 star hotel.|There are 3 hotels that have 2 stars do you have a price range or an area you want to stay in?
A hotel in the moderate price range that includes free parking.|I recommend the Ashley Hotel. It's a nice little place on the north side of town. Would you like to book a room?
Yes please. I'll need to for 5 nights starting on Saturday for 5 people.|Booking was successful. Your reference number is AABMC4EP. Will that be all?
I also need to get a taxi to leave the attraction by 21:30. I need a contact number and car type.|Where would you like to go from the Broughton House Gallery?
yes thats exactly where I want to go|a very cool white tesla will be picking you up contact number is 07558242015
Thank you. That is all I need.|Have a lovely day, goodbye.
I am looking for a train leaving from ely.|Ok, where will you be traveling to?
I'll be going to Cambridge.|What time would you like to depart and arrive?
I would like to leave after 08:15 on Sunday please.|The first train after 08:15 is the TR4212, which leaves at 09:35.
That's great. Can you tell me where architecture attractions are near the center of town?|Near the centre is All Saints Church, Great Saint Mary's Church, Holy Trinity Church, Little Saint Mary's Church, and Old Schools. Would you like more information?
Oh can you make a suggestion and get me the phone number, address and entrance fee?|Sure! All Saints Church is located on Jesus Lane and the phone number is 01223452587. There is no entrance fee. Can I help with anything else?
No, you have been quite helpful.  That is all I need to plan a great vacation.  Thanks, and bye.|Have a nice trip!
I'm looking for general information on places to go in the east area of town.|the camboats and the funky fun house are both located in the east side of town.
Could you give me the address and postcode of the Camboats?|The Camboats are located at the Plough, Green End, Fen Ditton.  The postcode is CB58SX.  Would you like the phone number?
No need, but I am looking for a train from kings lynn to cambridge.  Can you please find one for me.|I'd be happy to help with your request, can you be more specific on the day you're travelling and what time you'd like to depart?
I will be traveling on monday and I want to arrive by 21:45 .|Trains run every hour on that route, starting at 5:11. What would be a good departure time?
Whichever you that leaves the latest but still gets me in by 21:45|TrianID TR1465 is leaving at 20:11 and will have you in cambridge by 20:58. Would you like me to book that for you?
Yes, please book this train for 2 people.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 19.6 GBP payable at the station .Reference number is : FC8I7U3O.
That's all I need. Thanks you so much for your help.|Thank you for using our system today!
I need 3 rooms for  nights in a cheap hotel|I can certainly help you with that. What area of town would you like to stay in?
I'm actually looking for an expensive north African restaurant.|There are none, can I find you find you anything else?
What about chinese food?|There are several options for chinese food. Is there a particular area that you would prefer?
No.  Just pick one.  I need a table for 4 at 16:30 on Thursday.  I need the reference number.  Also, I need a museum in the centre.|I've booked a table for you at Ugly Duckling located at 12 St. Johns Street City Centre. Your reference number is 5VYTXWH4. Can I help you with anything else?
Yes, thanks.  I am looking for a museum in the centre of town.  What would you recommend?|There are lots of museums in the centre. Did you have a particular one in mind?
No is there one you could recommend?|Sure I personally like the primavera.
I'd like to get some additional information on this museum. May I have the phone number and postcode, please?|The phone number is 01223357708  and the postcode is cb21sj. May I help with something else?
I would also like to book a taxi traveling between the two location.|Ok, which direction and what time?
i want it to go to my restaurant by 16:30|Booking completed!
Booked car type	:	black audi
Contact number	:	07792008199
Can I help you with anything else today?
No. Thanks. All set.|Okay, have a great day.
i am looking for a place to eat. The restaurant should be in the north and should serve indian food.|I am showing 2. The nirala which is moderate priced and the royal spice which is cheap. Would you like to book one of them?
We are wanting to save money for the rest of the sights in town, so let's go with the cheaper one. Can you tell me about it?|Sure, the Royal Spice is located on Victoria Avenue, Chesteron and the post code is cb41eh.
Can you please make a reservation for me? It needs to be for 3 people at 14:45 on Friday.|Your booking was successful. Your table will be reserved for 15 minutes. The reference number is 0MRW9QAM.
Thank you very much.|Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
Yeah, I also wanted to find a park to visit in the north.|milton country park is in the north and it is free to visit.
That's great thank you!|Can I help you with anything else?
What is the address and postcode of the park?|Milton country park is located at milton country park, milton, postcode cb46az, phone 01223420060. Is there anything else you need today?
I also need a taxi between the two.|Tell me where your departure and destination sites will be.
I need a taxi from the park going to the restaurant. I'd like to arrive before my dinner reservation, if at all possible.|Booking completed!
Booked car type	:	black audi
Contact number	:	07283412603
Sweet, that's all I need today.|Wonderful! Thanks for contacting the cambridge towninfo centre and take care!
I'd like some help finding an interesting attraction in the center of town.|i have 44 places. can you tll me how much entry fee range is to narrow down our options?
I don't have a preference. Just recommend one and send me it's address and phone number.|Try clubbing at Kambar. The address is 1 wheeler street and the phone number is 01223842725. Do you need anything else?
I also need to see the schedule between Bishops Stortfod and Cambridge.|Is this for a Train? If so could you provide me with a day and/or time you are looking for?
Yes, can you help me find a train please. I will be traveling on Monday sometime after 21:45.|We have one train departing bishops stortford at 23:29 and arriving in cambridge at 24:07. Would you like me to book that for you?
Yes, please. I also need reference number once it's booked.|Great, how many tickets do you want?
Is there anything interesting to see in the centre of town?|In addition to architecture, colleges, and museums, we also have boat attractions, nightclubs, and theatres in the centre.
I would be interested in seeing some interesting architecture.|There are a few places, mainly churches, that have great architecture. Do you want information on any of those?
No thank you though.  I would like information on greek restaurants that would be in the same area as the churches you suggested, please?|there is no greek restaurant in the  centre. can we change the location?
Well, how about African food?|Bedouin is an expensive serving african food in the centre of town.
That sounds good, can you book 2 people at 13:30 on Tuesday.|Booking was successful. Reference number is : IA596HSH.  Is there anything else I can do for you?
Yes, I'll also need a taxi to commute between the two places. I'll need to be at the restaurant by 13:30, of course.|Okay and where do you need the taxi to pick you up?
I need it to arrive before the 13:30 at the restaurant.  Can you give me a contact number and the car type that will pick me up?|I can do that. I'm sorry, but can you clarify your departure site? It appears it would be a location in the centre?
You're right. I forgot to select an architectural sight that I wanted to visit. Could you suggest one in the city centre.|Sure thing. I would suggest the old schools.
That sounds good, can you book the taxi from there to the restaurant?|Booking completed!
Booked car type	:	grey bmw
Contact number	:	07935848087
thanks that's all i need|Can I assist you with anything further, today?
That's all I need, thanks so much for all of your help! Have a great day!|Thank you, you too.
I'm looking for places to go to in the east part of town.|Did you have a certain type of place such as a museum you would like to visit?
What do you recommend ?|I would recommend one of the four museums in the east.
Yes please can you recommend one of those.|I recommend the Cambridge Museum of Technology, which is located in the East area. The entrance fee is 5 pounds. Do you need more information?
Yeah, can I get the postcode?|Yes, the postcode is cb58ld.  Could I help you with anything else?
I also need to find a train leaving on monday after 8:45|Oh no!  We have no trains that day.  Would a different day or time work?
I need a Monday train. Leave after 08:45. I am sure there is a train.|Are you looking for a train to bring you to Cambridge? Where are you departing from?
I'm flying into Stansted Airport and I'd like a train in to Cambridge. My flight arrives at 08:45, so something after that. It'll just be me.|The next available train will depart at 09:24, shall I book that for you?
Thank you! Please book it for 1, and send me the reference number.|Your booking was successful. Your reference number is OO7SVBQE.
Perfect. Thank you. That's all I need at this time.|Great. Please call again if you need anything else. Have a great day. Goodbye!
I am looking for a restaurant that servers modern european food.|There are 5 restaurants that serve modern European food, all located in the centre area. Did you have a particular price range in mind?
The restaurant should be in the moderate price range.|The Riverside Brasserie and De Luca Cucina and Bar are both in the moderate price range. Do you have a preference?
Can  you give me the contact information for The Riverside Brasserie?|Certainly. They are located at Doubletree by Hilton Cambridge Granta Place Mill Lane, phone number 01223259988.
Great, thank you.  Are there any colleges in town?|There are 18, actually! Is there a certain area you'd like to check?
Check the centre, can I get the phone number, entrance fee, and postcode of one?|Christ's College is free. The phone number is 01223334900 and the postcode is cb23u.
Thank you. I would also like to book a taxi to commute between the two places.|I'd be happy to help you. Which place will you be departing from? I will also need to know the time you'd like to leave.
I will be departing from Christ's College and need to leave by 06:15 please.|Thank you! Your car is a grey lexus and the contact number is 07248267753.
I AM LOOKING FOR A PLACE TO GO and it should be in the south.|There are several attractions located in the South area, such as parks, cinemas, and museums. Is there a certain type of attraction you have in mind?
Are there any swimming pools?|There are no swimming pools in the south. Would you like me to search a different area?
No, that's ok, are there any parks in the south?|Yes, there are two: Sheep's Green and Lammas Land Park Fen Causeway, and Wandlebury County Park. Entrance is free to both of them. Would you like to try one of those?
Sure, give me the info for the Wandlebury.|it is a park located in the south. It is free of charge.
Can I get the address and postcode?|the address is fen causeway, newnham road, and the postcode is cb22ad
I would also like a reservation at a a Jamaican restaurant in that area for seven people at 12:45, if there is none Chinese would also be good.|I'm sorry, there are no Jamaican restaurants in the area, but there are three Chinese restaurants in the south. What price range are you looking for?
The price doesn't matter, as long as they can accommodate 7 people at 12:45 on Wednesday.  Can you give me the reference # once it's booked?|Alright, I've made a booking at The Lucky Star, for Wednesday at 12:45, for 7 people. The reference number is R9H9B14D. Is there anything else?
Nope.  Thanks for all your help.|Okay, goodbye and good day!
I'd like to find a 4 star guesthouse, please.|I have found 18 guesthomes that match the criteria you listed. Is there any other specifications you have about the guesthouse (area,price range,etc) that you would like to tell me?
I have to have free wifi|Sure, is there an area you prefer?
It does not really matter. It will be just me starting on Friday for 3 nights.|arbury lodge guesthouse is a moderately priced guesthouse in the north.  How does that sound?
Yes, book it for me please. Thank you.|Unfortunately, the booking was unsuccessful. Would you like to shorten your stay or try another place to stay?
What attractions do you have in the south?|We have 8 types of attractions in the south? What type are you looking for?
Hmm, I'm not really sure. Do you happen to have any nightclubs? If not, what are my choices?|The Place is a great nightclub in the south, located at 22 sidney street, post code cb23hg. The phone number is 01223324600. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I would like a room that is close to the nightclub for atleast 1 night up to 3 nights?|The arbury lodge guesthouse is in the moderate price range.
Yes, could you give me some suggestions on places to go to in the centre of town?|Castle Galleries is a really nice museum.  It is located at Unit su43, Grande Arcade, Saint Andrews Street, postcode cb23bj.  It is my personal favorite.
That's all I need thanks.|Thank you for contacting Cambridge TownInfo Centre, have a great day!
Oh wait, I was also looking for a particular restaurant, by the name of the royal standard.|Okay, I found Royal Standard, would you like to make a reservation?
Yes. A table for one on Tuesday at 19:30, please.|I'm sorry, Royal Standard does not have a reservation open at that time. Would you be able to arrive a little earlier or later?
Could you try something for 18:30?|Booking was successful. Your reference number is : YYWH70MU.
Thank you so much. That's all I need for today!|you're welcome. its a pleasure to serve you
Can you give me some information on the Allenbell? It's a hotel.|It is a 4 star hotel that is cheap, and in the east of town. It is a guesthouse type and phone number is 01223210353.
I need it for 5 people and 5 nights starting from sunday. I will also need the reference number.|I have successfully booked it for you. Your reference number is I44610JK.
I'm also looking for a museum in the east area. Can you help me find one?|Yes, the Cambridge Artworks is a wonderful museum in the east. Would you like more information?
Yes! Can I have the postcode for it?|Sure, the postcode for cambridge artworks is cb13ef.  Do you need any more information?
Well, I also need to book a taxi.  I want to leave the hotel by 19:30.|Certainly I can help with that, will you destination be  from allenbell?
I want to go to the Cambridge Artworks.|I have booked a taxi for you. A grey toyota with the contact number 07790143125. Is there anything else you need?
No. Thank you very much.|Thank you, please enjoy your stay here in Cambridge. And have a wonderful day.
I'd like a train from Cambridge, please.|I can help you with that.  Where will you be traveling to?
I will be traveling to ely.|there is quite a number. which day do you want to travel?
I would like to go on thursday leaving after 19:45.|The TR1709 leaves at 5:50,would you like me to book it ?
No, I need to find a train that leaves after 19:45 on Thursday. Can you help me with that?|I have TR7979 that leaves Thursday at 19:50 and arrives at 20:07. Would you like me to book it?
Yes, for 6 please.|Your reservation is complete, with reference number 42PK9GM4
I would also like to look for a multo sports center in town too.|There is just one. It is the cherry hinton village centre in the east.
Oh, well I really wanted to visit the centre. Maybe you could find me a park instead? One in the centre of town?|cambridge university botanic gardens is the only park in the centre of town.  Would you like any further info on the park or Cambridge?
Do you have their phone number?|Yes, their phone is 01223336265.  Is there anything else you need assistance with today?
No, thank you for all your help. I believe you helped with everything I needed today, goodbye.|Thank you and enjoy your stay.
Yeah, my wife and kids are demanding Spanish food. Can we keep it on the cheap side, please?|La Raza is an inexpensive Spanish restaurant at the centre. Would you like the address?
Yes, I would like the address please.|4 - 6 Rose Crescent postal cb23ll, can I assist with anything else today?
We are also looking to visit a local museum. Do you  have any recommendations?|What area would you like?
Something close to the restaurant would be nice.|Broughton House Gallery is located in the centre at 98 king street.  It has free entrance.
What is the entrance fee and address?  I think this sounds like a great place to visit.|Broughton House Gallery is completely free. The address is at 98 King Street.
Thank you that was all I needed.|Your welcome. It was a pleasure assisting you today. Have a wonderful day.
I need a train that lease from London Liverpool Street on Tuesday.|There are 10 days departing London Liverpool Street on Tuesday. Is there a certain time of day you need to travel?
I would like to leave after 20:45.|OK I HAVE 1 TRAINS THAT LEAVE AROUND THAT TIMES ONE AT 21:39 WOULD THAT WORK FOR YOU ?
Yes as long as it leaves AFTER 20:45 that will be fine. How much is it and how long is the travel time?|the train ride is 88 minutes and the cost is 16.60 pounds. it leaves at 21:39 and your reference number is Q6UN1GVR. is there anything else i may help you with?
I am looking for places to go in town. What type of entertainment is there in the centre?|Which area are you interested in visiting in town?
I will be visiting the centre.|There is no entertainment in the centre.  Would you be interested in a different type of attraction?
How about architecture type instead?|I have 5 choices for you. If I might suggest the Holy Trinity Church. It has the most unique architecture in our area. They also offer free admission.
Sounds great.  Do you happen to know the entrance fee for it?|Like I mentioned, Holy Trinity Church is totally free. Is there anything else you'll be needing today?
No, I don't think so! Thank you for your help!|Thank you for using Cambridge TownInfo centre.  Please remember us for all of your future travel needs.
Hi, I'm looking for museums to go to in cambridge.|I have five musuems. Four are free. Cambridge and county folk museum is 3.50 pounds.
What is the address for that museum?|The address is 2-3 castle street. The postcode is cb30aq
Thank you I also need a train departing from cambridge on tuesday|I have over 200 trains leaving Cambridge on Tuesday. Where is your destination?  Do you have a preferred departure or arrival time?
My destination is Liverpool and I would like to leave by 18:00.|The TR9561 train leaves at 17:59, would this work or do you need to leave earlier?
That works great. What is the arrival time and price?|The arrival time is 19:27 and the travel time is 88 minutes.
Awesome, you rock! How much does that trip cost?|The trip would cost you 16.60 pounds, anything else?
That is everything I needed today. Thank you!|Have a great day!
I'm looking for some entertainment in the center of town.|There is no entertainment in the centre of town. Would you like to look in a different area?
No, but are there any theatres in the center of town?|Sure, there are 4 theatres in the centre of town. I suggest the Mumford Theatre at Anglia Ruskin Enterprise, East Road. Is there any other information you need?
Yes, could you also give me the postcode and entrance fee for the Mumford Theatre?|It is not giving me an entrance fee, but the postcode is cb11pt. Is there anything else I could help you with today?
Could you help me find a good 4 star hotel?|I have found the University Arms Hotel in town centre, it has ratings of 4 stars. Would you like me to book?
Yes, can you book it for three people for one night?|What day would you be arriving?
Actually, could you make sure it offers free parking?  I will need it for 4 people, 4 nights, starting on Tuesday if there is free parking.|It does have free parking, but I'm sorry to say that I cannot book 4 nights for you. Would you like to try a shorter stay?
Can you try 3 nights?|I was able to book 3 nights, your confirmation code is TRBKGR36
Can you also set up a taxi to take me from Mumford Theatre to the hotel. I want to leave the theatre by 05:00.|Have a good trip!
Can you find me a Greek restaurant in the centre of Cambridge?|There are no greek restaurants in the centre, would you like me to look for greek restaurants elsewhere in the city?
Ok my second choice was british food can you find a british restaurant?|Of course, one of my favorites is Fitzbillies Restaurant at 51 Trumpington Street City Centre. May I book you a table?
Yes, please. It'll be for 2 people on Saturday at 12:00.|Okay you're all set. Your reference number is 3Y6H383S and the table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I also want to find a museum to visit.|There are 5 museums in the centre of town. They are all free to visit. How about Broughton House Gallery?
That sounds nice. Can you give me the phone number and address?|The phone number to the museum is 01223314960.
Do you have their address also?|The address is 98 king street, centre, cb11ln.
Thank you, I have all the information I need, goodbye.|Thank you and enjoy your stay with us in Cambridge!
I'm looking for information on Churchill College.|I'll be happy to assist you. Churchill College is located in the west area of town and is free to enter. Would you like more information?
Yes. What type of attraction is Churchill College? Can you also give me the phone number and the address?|Churchill college is a college, their phone number is 01223336233, and address is storey's way
I'd also like a place to stay in the center of town.|I have 5 different types of places to stay in that area. Do you have any preferences?
Yes, I'd like a moderately priced hotel, please. 0 stars would be fine.|I have found a hotel meeting your preferences called cityroomz. Would you like me to book it for you?
Yes please. I'll need a room for one person and I'd like to stay for 5 nights beginning on Thursday.|I'm sorry, but that time is not available. Could we try a different day or stay length?
Can we try for 4 nights please?|Your reference number is 4KU5EHEL.
Thank you. That is all I need!|Enjoy your visit to Cambridge.
Thank you. I intend to!|Great. Have a good day. Goodbye.
Hello, I am looking for information about Trinity College.|No problem.  Trinity college is located on Trinity Street and there is a 1 pound entrance fee.  The phone number is 01223338400.  Did you need anything else?
No thank you that was all.|You are very welcome. Thank you for using our service!
I almost forgot, I need to locate a restaurant in the centre town in the moderate price range. And can you confirm the attraction type for Trinity college please.|We have 21 restaurants in the centre area with a moderate price range. What type of food would you be interested in? Trinity College is listed as a college.
Is there a restaurant in the center that serves international food but moderately priced?|There are two restaurants that serve international cuisine in the area. Would you be interested in The Varsity Restaurant, or the Bloomsbury Restaurant?
I'm interested in The Varsity Restaurant. What is the phone number, postcode and address for this restaurant?|The Varsity Restaurant is located at 35 Saint Andrews Street City Centre, postcode cb23ar. The phone number is 01223356060. Would you like to make a reservation?
No, thank you. I would like to book a taxi from Trinity College to Varsity Restaurant, though.|I'll be glad to help. What time would you like the taxi for?
I want to leave the attraction by 14:00, so book the taxi for 10:00.|You're all set.  A red volvo will pick you up. Your contact number is 07236406962.  Is there anything else you need?
That will be all. Thanks for helping me out.|not a problem! Thanks for contacting Cambridge TownInfo centre!
I'm looking for a place to stay, I would prefer a hotel in the expensive price range.|We have lots of those. Did you have something a little more specific in mind?
Whatever you'd recommend. I would prefer free parking and wifi, though.|I like the Express by Holiday Inn Cambridge.  Can I get you some more information on that one?
no, let's just book it.|Sounds like a plan.  May please get the number of guests, the day of arrival, and how many nights you will be staying?
I would like it for 2 people and 4 nights starting from monday.|Booking was successful, your reference number is RKEFYHM0. Will that be all?
Can you also find an attraction called Milton Country Park?|Yes it is located at milton country park, milton and the postcode is cb46az
Could you tell me what kind of attraction that is?|Sure. Milton Country Park is a park. Can I help you with anything else today?
No. That will be all. Thanks so much for all your help. Goodbye|Thank you, have a good day.
i want to check out a museum|I have 23 museums.  Can you help me narrow what area you would like to be in?
The area doesn't matter but can you recommend one and give me their address?|My favorite is the Broughton House Gallery, located at 98 King Street.
What is the entrance fee there?|Admission is absolutely free!
Sweet!. Can you give me informatin on a place called home from home?|It's a guesthouse in north, 4 stars, moderate price.
Thank you! Can I also have the address, please?|its address is 78-80 Milton road
Great.  Thanks!  I also needed to find a taxi, can you assist me with that?|Where would you like to be picked up and at what time?
I would like to be picked up from the hotel by 06:30|Your booking was successful. It will be a yellow audi and the contact number os 0747386590. Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
That's all, thanks a lot.|Happy to help, have a nice day.
Thank you, have a nice day!|Contact the Cambridge TownInfo centre if you need anymore help. Goodbye!
I'd like to find a guesthouse with free parking.|I have guesthouses in all parts of the city from cheap to moderately priced. Do you have more preferences?
Yes please, I'd like it to be in the cheap price range and I'd also like to stay at a 4 star location.|Finches bed and breakfast is a guesthouse in the west, it's in the cheap price range with 4 stars. Would you like to reserve a room?
Please just give me the address, phone number, and area.|I can certainly provide you with that. Finches is located in the west at 144 Thornton Road. Their phone number is 01223276653. Can I book you a room?
No, I'm also looking for some attractions in town. Any multiple sports attractions located around the centre?|Unfortunately I cannot find any multiple sports place in the center. Do you want to try museum maybe?
well, can I try swimming pool maybe? I'm really sporty!|I found one. There is the parkside pool in the center. Is there anything else I can help?
Yes. Can you please give me their phone number and postcode?|Their phone number is 01223446100 and postcode is cb11ly. Do you need anything else?
You have been super helpful. thanks that's all i need.|you have a wonderful day!
I'm looking for a particular attraction called funky fun house.|Yes, it is at 8 Mercers row, with a phone of 01223304705.
Can you tell me the address?|8 Mercers Row, Mercers Row Industrial Estate. Anything else you need to know?
Actually, yes. I'm looking for a guesthouse called the arbury lodge.|Arbury lodge guesthouse is a moderate price 4 star guesthouse located north. It has free parking and internet. Would you like me to book a room?
I want to visit somewhere with interesting architecture.|All saints church is available, would you like to try that?
nice, would like to|It is free to visit it's located at jesus lane postcode cb58bs and the phone number is 01223452587. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I also need a place to stay. Can you recommend a hotel in the West area, please?|Finches Bed and Breakfast is a popular choice, because it's inexpensive but rated 4 stars. Is a guesthouse okay, or do you need something else?
That will work can you book that for me please?|Could you please provide me with how many nights you are staying, how many people, and what day your stay starts?
I'm not ready to book quite yet.  Can I just get the information for the time being?|Of course. Their address is 144 Thornton Road, post code cb30nd. Their number is 01223276653. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
You know, actually come to think of it I really need something 3 star that is in the centre of town instead of the west. Do you have anything?|There is the Gonville Hotel.  It's located in postcode CB1 1LY and the phone number is 01223366611.
Thank you that will be all|fantastic, have a great day!
Tell me what colleges are in the west side of town|There are 5 colleges on the west side.  Two have free entrance and two cost 2.50 pounds. Is there anything else i can help you with?
What are the phone numbers for these colleges?|Churchill college's phone number is 01223336233.
That's it.  Thanks!|Have a great day!
I am looking for a cheap place to stay in the centre of town.|I can help you with that.  There are 2 guesthouses that meet those requirements.  One is a 4 star and one is a 0 star.
i want the one with 0 stars if it has free wifi|It does have free WiFi. Are you ready for me to book the room?
Yes I'd like to book for wednesday, 2 people staying for 3 nights.|Booking was successful. Your reference number is HICMIAVH.
thank you very much.|Can I help you with anything else?
Yes, I am looking for theatres in town.  Do you have a favorite?|Well, there are several. But I like the mumford theatre. It's also in the town centre.
Can I get their postcode and phone number please?|The phone there is 08451962320. Can I help with anything else?
No, that's all I need today. Thanks!|Glad I could help, enjoy the rest of your day.
I am looking for a place to go in town.|There are many places, do you have a particular destination type in mind?
I'm looking for a theatre. Can you recommend one?|I have four theatre's in the centre and one in the south. Do yo know which area you would like?
Area doesn't matter. Please choose your favorite and tell me the area and postcode and address if you could|I personally love the mumford theatre. Its in the centre at anglia ruskin enterprise, east road and the postcode is cb11pt. Will that be all today?
Thank you thats all.|You are welcome. Please let us know if you need anything else.
I'm looking for a place to go in the centre of town that is a boat.|I found the scudamores punting co and the cambridge punter. Which would you prefer?
I like the Cambridge Punter better. Can you give the phone number and postcode for them? Thanks|Gladly. The postcode is cb41as and their phone number is 07807718591
Thank you. I would also like a restaurant in the same area as Cambridge Punter.|Sure, I can help you with that.  Was there a type of food you were looking for?
I would like an Italian restaurant that is expensive. I would like to book the restaurant for two people at 11:45 on Monday. May I have the reference number also?|I have 5 restaurants available, 4 in the centre and one in the south.  What area would you prefer?
Like I told you before, I would also like a restaurant in the same area as Cambridge Punter.|So, I have booked your restaurant for Caffe Uno on Monday for 2 people at 11:45. The reference number is 98HQG1YV
Thanks a lot. I appreciate it. That's all I need. Bye!|Thanks for reaching out to our service!
What can you tell me about the hotel el shaddai?|El Shaddai is a cheap guesthouse located in the centre that has free parking and internet. Would you like the phone number and address?
No but I would like to make a booking for 8 people and 2 nights starting from thursday.|Ok, I have your guest house booked for 8 people, for 2 days, starting on Thursday.You reference number is JZ3CHA4K. Is there anything else you need?
Yes, I am also looking for a good cinema to visit in the centre of town.|Vue Cinema is located in the centre, would you like the address and phone number?
I just want the phone number and entrance fee please|The entrance fee is not showing up on my computer, the address is The Grafton Centre, East Road. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
I asked you for the phone number not the address.|The phone number is 08712240240.
Great, thank you. Could you also help me with booking a taxi to go from the hotel to the cinema?|How many people will the taxi be for?
There are 8 of us going.|All I need to know is what time you would like your ride for and I can get that booked for you right away.
I want to leave at 12:30 from my hotel and go to the cinema. Please give me the car type and phone number|The taxi will be a white toyota and the contact number is 07880526604. Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
There's nothing more that I need. Thanks, bye!|You are welcome enjoy.
Can you let me knows about what architecture is available ot visit in south cambridge?|I'm afraid there aren't any especially notable architectural attractions in the south, especially not compared to the ones in the centre of Cambridge. Perhaps you might consider those?
how about one that is in the type of nightclub|wow that's a 360! Anyway there is a place called the place in the south.
Yes, I'm random like that! How much is the entrance fee for The Place?|An entrance fee is not listed. I can give you the address and phone number if you'd like.
I would also like the postcode.|The Place is located at 22 Sidney Street, cb23hg. Their phone number is 01223324600. Can I help you with anything else today?
i also need a train|Okay I'll be happy to help you with that. Do you know where you'd like to go and where you plan to depart from?
I'll be departing from london liverpool street on wednesday, and wold like to arrive in cambridge by 11:15.|There is TR8813 that will arrive by 09:07 and TR7519 that will arrive by 11:07. Will one of those work for your schedule?
I think TR8813 will work.  Can you tell me what time it leaves?|TR8813 leaves at 07:39. Anything else I can help you with?
That's all I need today.  Thanks!|Ok.  Have a great day.
I'm looking for a train going to Cambridge and arriving by 2:45 PM. Can you help me?|I can help with that! What day would you like to depart?
I am leaving from London Liverpool Street on Wednesday please.|Trains leave London Liverpool Street every 2 hours beginning at 5:39. The latest leaves at 11:39 and arrives in Cambridge at 13:07.
Give me information on the latest one.|The latest train leaves at 23:39.
What is the ID for the train leaving at 11:39?|the train id is TR4161. anything else?
Yes, I am looking for places to go to in town. Can you help me?|Do you have a certain area or attraction you would like to see?
I have no preference.  Just find something in the centre of town.|I would like to recommend all saints church,it is beautiful architecture in the centre of town and no entrance fee.
Could I have their phone number please?|Sure, their phone number is 01223452587. Is there any other way I can assist you?
No that is all for today.|enjoy your time in Cambridge!
I'm looking for a train in Cambridge that will arrive by 18:30|Are you leaving Cambridge or going to Cambridge? Better yet, what is your departure city and destination?
I'm departing from cambridge and would like to go to norwich on a monday.|Yes I have the 17:55. May I help you with anything else?
If it arrives by 17:55, then yes, please book 1 seat for me.|I was able to book TR8504 leaving cambridge at 16:36 arriving norwich at 17:55. The total fee is 17.6 GBP and your reference is P5JNVZHA.
Fantastic, thanks.  I'd also like to find an architecture attraction in the centre of town, please.|I have about 5 different options for you. Most have free admission, except one. Might I suggest the All Saints Church on Jesus Lane. It has free admission.
Can I get the postcode for that please?|all saints church's postcode is cb58bs.
Thank you! That is all the help I need today.|You're very welcome. I do hope that you enjoy your trip. Goodbye.
Please help me find people's portraits exhibition at girton college.|People's Portraits Exhibition at Girton College is located at Girton College on Huntingdon Road in the west side of town. Would you like their phone number?
Please send me their address.|Sure, the address is Girton College, Huntingdon Road cb3ojg. Is there anything else I can help you with?
That is all I need.|Great!  By the way, there is no entrance fee as well.  Let us know if we can help with anything else.
Greetings. I'd like some information about vue cinema.|The vue cinema is located in the centre of the city and the phone number is 08712240240.
What is the postcode?|The postcode is cb11ps. Can I help you with anything else?
Yes I am looking for an oriental restaurant that is relatively cheap . Any suggestions?|Dojo Noodle Bar, and J Restaurant are both located in the centre area. Would you like more info on either of these?
Yes I would love to hear about either.|Both are in the centre of town and in the cheap price range.
What is the phone number and address for Dojo Noodle Bar?|The phone number is 01223363471 and the address is 40210 Millers Yard City Centre.
Wonderful, now I will need a taxi to commute between the two. I want to leave the cinema by 20:45 to get to the restaurant.|Ok, not a problem! You will be looking for a yellow volkswagen and the taxis phone number is 07352155369.
Thanks so much!|Is there anything else I can do for you today?
That is everything! Thank you for all your help!|Have a good day!
I'd like train information for cambridge.|I will need more information to narrow down the results. What day would you like to depart on, and what area is your departure from?
Departing fro Ely on Wednesday and arriving by 09:30.|There are two trains. One arriving at 5:52 and one at 7:52. Would you like me to book one of these for you?
Can I get the travel time and price on the 5:52 one?|TR5348 leaves Ely at 5:35 and arrives in Cambridge by 5:52. The price for a ticket is 4.40 pounds and the ride's duration is 17 minutes.
Ok, and I also want to find out about an attraction called Tenpin please.|Tenpin is an entertainment attraction in the south part of town their phone number is 08715501010, and address is cambridge leisure park, clifton way
Thank you so much for the information|Great, thank you.
Hi! Can you give me some information on the Bangkok City restaurant?|Of course! It's an expensive Thai restaurant in the centre at 24 Green Street City Centre cb23jx. Their phone is 01223354382. May I help with anything else?
No that was all. Thank you very much.|OK, goodbye!
I'm also looking for museums to see in the west.|Oh, certainly. We have seven, including the Museum of Classical Archaeology, and the Cambridge and County Folk Museum.
Can I have the postcode, address and entrance fee for each?|The museum of classical archaeology is free at sidgwick avenue with postcode cb39da. The cambridge and county folk museum is at 2-3 castle street, postcode cb30aq and cost 3.50 pounds.
I'm looking for a taxi as well to commute between the two places.|So, you need something from the restaurant to the museum then? What time are you wanting to leave or be there by?
I want to leave the museum by 03:15, please.|Before I book your taxi, which museum you will be visiting?  Can you confirm that the taxi will pick you up at the museum and drop you at the restaurant?
I would like to leave the folk museum at 3:15 and head over to the restaurant, yes.|Great. A black ford will be waiting for you outside of the Folk Museum at 3:15. The driver's phone number is 07642790462. Do you need anything else?
No thanks, that will be all for me. Goodbye.|Thank you and have fun at the museum and restaurant!
I am interested in museums, which ones are in operation in cambridge?|There are several museums, is there a particular area you were interested in?
No not really.  I just need to get a phone number, postcode, and address for the one we'll be attending.  Do you recommend one for me?|I think you will enjoy the byard art museum.  It is located at 14 king's parade.  The postal code is cb21sj and the phone number is 01223464646.
I would also like a train that depart from ely and arrive by 13:00.|On what day will you be traveling?
I would be leaving Thursday and going into Cambridge.|the latest train would arrive at 11:52. would you like me to book you a reservation?
no thanks. I just need the train ID, travel, and departure time|The train ID is TR0813. The departure time is 11:35 and the total trip time is 17 minutes. Can I help you with anything else?
No thank you that will be all|Have a nice day!
Hi, what kind of attractions are there in the east?|I have museums, boating excursions, basic entertainments, parks and swimming pools. Any of these spark your interest?
What would you recommend?|Try the funky fun house. It's on cherry hinton road.
Is there a guesthouse nearby that is rated at least 4/5?|The A and B Guest House is close by. It has a 4 star rating and moderate pricing. Would you like me to book it for you?
That sounds like what I'm looking for. Is it a guesthouse?|Yes the A and B guesthouse is a guesthouse. Would you like me to book it for you?
Yes, I will need accommodations for 7 people, for 5 nights. We want to check in Thursday.|I'm very sorry a and b guest house does not have availability for your request. Would you like to try a shorter stay or a different day?
Please try for two nights then at minimum from Thursday evening on.  We need a guesthouse for 7 people, and I will need the reference number when booked. Thanks!|Okay, I was able to book the questhouse for you for two nights starting on Thursday. The reference number is O4OXDCIW. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Now I will need to find a hotel for the remainder of my visit.  Can you help with that?|Sure, what day will you be staying and for how long? Any price range?
Never mind. That will be all.|Okay, I hope you have a pleasant stay!
I'm wanting to find an attraction to go to in the north part of town. Do you have any suggestions?|Sure! There are swimmin pools, boat, and a park. What would you like more information on?
Any of your favorites will do as long as it's in the north. I'll need the address and entrance fee information as well, please.|Well the Milton Country Park is free and their address is milton country park, milton.
Great.  I'm also looking for a place to stay.  Can you look for a 4 star hotel with free parking?|I have 3 hotels matching your request.  Two are in the west and one center.  Do you have a preference in part of town?
Are any of them in the moderate price range?|There are none in the moderate price range, I have a couple expensive and 1 cheap.  Do you have a preference?
How about guesthouses?  Any matches?|I found a great 4 star guesthouse on the east side in the moderate price range. It's carolina bed and breakfast. Would you like me to book you a room?
Yes, I'll be coming in on Wednesday with 5 people total. We'll be staying for 5 nights.|Your room has been reserved. Reference number is RQ1GW9PE.
Thanks, i also need a taxi between the two places. I need to get there by 22:00|Sorry, can you clarify which is the destination and which is the departure site? I know you want to arrive by 22:00 but at which place?
from the hotel to the attraction please|A blue ford will arrive at Carolina Bed and Breakfast at 22:00 to take you to Milton Country Park. The driver's contact number is 07842440492
Great, thanks! You've been a big help.|You are welcome. Do you need any information about restaurants? I can help with that, too.
I only need a taxi.|Can you book it for me and get a reference number ?
Hello, I need help finding a moderate priced restaurant in the centre of town.|There are 21 results. Is there a certain type of food you'd like?
Yes, I would like a international restaurant if possible.|I have two. The varsity and Bloombury restaurant's.
The Varsity will be fine. I'll need a table on Friday at 14:00. It will be for 8 people.|You are all set, the reference number is 8FUDRX3I, can I assist with anything else?
Great, yes I'm also looking for the Whipple museum of the history of science. Can you tell me a bit about it?|Of course!  The museum is in the centre on Free School Lane and has Free Admission. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Can I also get a taxi from the museum to the restaurant. I want to make sure I get there for that reservation.|Ok I have a taxi booked for you.  It will be a blue BMW and the contact number is 07894266457. I there anything else I can do?
Nope, thanks for everything! Bye now!|You are very welcome. Enjoy your day!
I am looking for cinemas in the east|There are no cinemas in the East. Would you like me to look in a different area?
No. Is there a park?|There is 1 park in the east. The Cherry Hinton Water Play park near Cherry Hinton Hall.  Would you like the phone number?
Just the entrance fee, thank you.|The Cherry Hinton Water Play Park offers free admission. Is there anything more I can help with?
Yes, I want to find out about da vinci pizzeria please.|Sure, this is an inexpensive Italian restaurant in the north, located at 20 Milton Road Chesterton.  Would you like a reservation?
Yes, please, a table for 8 on Thursday. We'd like to dine at 12:45.|Your reservation was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Reference number is : GBZVHZAM. Can I help you with anything else?
I also need a taxi to take me from the water park to the restaurant by my reservation time, please.|Ok I made that taxi reservation.  It's a blue toyota and the contact numner is 07403878307.
Thank you very much.|Can I help you with anything more today?
That is all I need today. Thank you for your help!|You're welcome, have a great day.
I'm looking for places to visit. I'd like to find any sports related attractions in the south.|I'm sorry, there aren't any sports attractions in the south. Would you be interested in another area?
Are there any entertainment attractions in that area?|there two entertainment attractions in that area the nusha and the tenpin. would you like the addresses for them?
Yes, I still need the address, postcode, and entrance fee for the Nusha, please.|Nusha is located at unit g6, cambridge leisure park, clifton road, postcode cb17dy. I don't have any information on the entrance fee. What else can I help you with?
I need a 4-star place to stay. I don't care about internet, but I do need free parking.|There are 19 entries that match your specifications. Do you need any more specifications?
Actually I do need free wifi.|Do you have any price preferences? Or area preferences?
I don't really care, I just need free parking and prefer 4 stars.|How about Acorn Guest House. It's at 154 Chersterton Road.
Can you try to book that for me for 6 people for 3 nights from Wednesday?|I was unable to book Acorn Guest House for you. Would you like to try a different hotel? Or perhaps a shorter stay?
Yes, I'll shorten my stay. How about 1 night?|OK, I have you booked at the Acorn for 1 night! Your Reference number is GFSN1SHY. Is there anything else i can help you with today?
Yes actually. I will need a taxi to leave the hotel at 4:45 to head to the Nusha.|Okay sure. I have booked that for you and your contact number for the driver is: 07195670404. A black Volkswagen will be picking you up.
Perfect! You've given me all of the information I need. Thanks.|You're welcome. Enjoy your visit!
I was wondering if there is a French restaurant here in Cambridge?|I'm sorry, but there seems to be an error. Can you please restate your request?
Yes, I'm looking for a museum in the center of town.|There are 11 museums in the centre area. There is Cambridge Contemporary Art. Is that acceptable, or do you have other criteria?
That sounds interesting. What is the entrance fee for the museum?|That is free to enter.
I'm also looking for a train to London Kings Cross.|There are plenty of trains that will take you to London Kings Cross. May I ask what day and time you would like to take this train?
I want to leave Thursday and arrive by 16:00|I see. TR5266 arrives by 15:51. Will that be sufficient?
I think so. Can you give me the travel time and price for TR5266?|The train departs at 15:00 and the price is 23.60 pounds.
Great, thank you, I think that's all I need.|Alright then. Have a wonderful day.
I am looking for a place to dine that serves north american food located within the town centre.|The only North American restaurant in the centre is Gourmet Burger Kitchen. It is expensive. Would you like to book a table?
Can you tell me the postcode and phone number for Gourmet Burger Kitchen?|Sure, the postcode is cb21ab and the phone number is 01223312598. How else may I assist you?
Yes I would also like to visit some colleges in the same part of town. Is that possible?|There are 13 colleges in the Centre. 3 have nominal entrance fees of 2.50 pounds or less, the rest are free to visit. Do you have any preference?
Could you give me the address for one of the free colleges?|Christ's College is free and is located at Saint Andrew's Street with a postcode of cb23bu. Could I be of further assistance?
Yes. I'd like a taxi to pick me up at Christ's College and take me to the restaurant. I'd like to leave the attraction by 19:00.|Ok, your booking has been completed. Your taxi will be a gray skoda and it's contact number is 07541933762
That is all I need for today. Thanks for all your help!|Thank you! Feel free to contact us if you need anything else. Have a great day!
I'm in the north area of town and need to get a room to stay in.|Are you looking for a room, or another type of service?
Sorry. I'm actually looking for some type of attraction I can go to up in the north. Any suggestions?|I have four different kinds, what type would you like?
How about your favorite? What type is that?|I really like the Riverboat Georgina.  Do you need any information about something like this?
Yes, what type of attraction is this? Also, could I get the address and postcode?|It is a boat.  The address is cambridge passenger cruisers, jubilee house and the postcode is cb43ax.  Is there anything else you'd like to know?
I think that is all. Thanks|You're welcome. Thanks for contacting the Cambridge TownInfo Centre!
I am looking for a moderate priced place to dine in the centre area.|I have several restaurants matching your request.  What type of cuisine would you like?
I don't really care. Can you please suggest one for me? And please include the postcode. Thanks.|I recommend The Oak Bistro. They serve British food and the postcode is cb21eg. Would you like me to book a table for you there?
No thank you. I did want to go to an attraction in the same area of town.|There are 44 attractions located in the centre of town like the restaurant. Is there a particular type you would like to visit?
I would like to go to a museum. Are there any in the area?|There are 11 different museums in city centre. I find the Museum of Archaeology and Anthropology to be fascinating. Would you like to learn more about them, or keep looking?
That sounds interesting. Can you tell me their phone number and the cost of entrance?|Entry is free and the phone number is 01223333516. Is there anything else I can help with?
Can you get me a taxi that could take me from the museum to the bistro?|What time would you like to travel between the two places?
I want to leave the museum by 07:45.|I was able to book that taxi for you. Be looking for a white Audi. If you need to contact them, their phone number is 07749170478. Anything else I can do?
No, thank you. That's everything I needed today.|You're welcome and have a great day.
Hello! I'm lookng for someplace to go in the centre.|I have many attractions in the center of town. Do you have a specific type in mind?
I would like to visit a museum.|There are 11 museums in the centre what type of museum would you like to visit?
Well I also will be needing somewhere to stay. Is there a museum located close to a hotel?|There are several hotel options in the centre if you are interested in staying that part of town.
First let's work out what attraction I'll choose. Can you pick me your favorite in the centre and tell me their address and entrance fee, please?|The Primavera is a nice museum with free entrance and is located at 10 king s parade, postcode cb21sj.  Is there anything else I can help you with?
Can you recommend me a hotel with free wifi in the same area?|I have 5 different places that ranges from cheap to expensive. Do you have a preferred price range?
Something cheap with free wifi would be perfect, I'm trying to keep this trip from busting my budget.|I suggest Alexander Bed and Breakfast. It is cheap and has 4 stars. Would you like me to make a reservation for you?
Yes, please. I need it for one person, for three nights, and starts on Wednesday.|I have a room booked for you for 3 nights starting Wednesday.  The reference number is Q6M0JJPA.  Is there anything else I can help with?
No, thank you. I don't have any other questions at this time. Goodbye.|Thank you for contacting us and have a nice day.
I'm looking for a restaurant in the west in the expensive range.|I have 9 restaurants in the west that meet what you are looking for. What type of food are you looking for?
I don't really have a preference. I think I'd like to try something new.|Would you like to try graffiti?
Yes, could you book a table for 1 at 11:30 on thursday?|Your booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Reference number is : K2Y3OZAK. Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
im looking also for a place to go  still in the west|There are several colleges and museums in the area. Do you have a preference?
How about a museum? What kind are there?|Well, I would recommend the cambridge book and print gallery, which is located at 49 newnham road. There is no entrance fee. Does that sound interesting to you?
What is the postcode?|They're located in postcode cb39ey. Can I help you with anything else today?
No that is it. Thank you.|You're welcome. Have a great day!
i am looking for a hotel in Cambridge called the cambridge belfry|That hotel is in the West and listed as cheap, but still has 4-stars. They provide free parking and internet. Would you like to make a reservation?
Yes,could you please book me a room on tuesday for 5 people and for 4 nights.|Booking was successful.
Reference number: MCITLHI8.
Great! I also need information on multiple sports in the centre.|There are no multiple sports attractions in the centre. Should we try another area?
How about a museum?|how about broughton house gallery? it's free of charge.
That sounds great. Can you please give me the phone number?|Sure. Their phone number is 01223314960.
I would also like a taxi to commute and I would like it 17:45 please and the contact number and the car type, thank you|Okay, where do you want the taxi to pick you up and where will you be going?
I need the taxi to pick me up at the hotel by 17:45.|I was able to book that taxi for you. Be looking out for a White Volkswagen. If you need to reach them, please call 07698582191. Anything else for today?
Great! That's it! Thank you!|Thank you and have a good day!
Can you help me find places to go in town?|Certainly, did you have a particular place in mind?
An architecture attraction would be good.|old schools is in trinity lane and entrance is free. can i give you their phone number?
What area is trinity lane in? I'd love to find a train going to cambridge as well.|Old Schools is located in the centre area of town.  Is that location convenient for you?
Perfect, thanks. Could you also tell me if there are any trains from norwich to cambridge that arrive by 10:00 on friday?|There are four trains arriving before 10:00 on Friday. They leave norwich every hour on the :16 starting at 05:16 to 08:16
Can I have the travel time? And the train ID please.|Well the travel time for the TR3293 that leaves at 8:01 is 79 minutes.
Great, thank-you! That is perfect.|Is there anything else I can help you with today?
That is all I needed have a nice day.|I'm glad I could help. If you think of anything else you need feel free to contact us any time.
Can you tell me if there are any european restaurants in the center of town?|There are 8 restaurants that have european food in the centre of town. Is there a pricerange you would like it to be in?
I need something in the moderate price range, please.|The galleria serves european food and is located in town centre and moderately priced. Would you like me to reserve a table for you?
No thank you, but I would like their address please!|Their phone number is 01223362054. Anything else I can do for you?
I'm also looking for a college to visit while I am in town.|There are 18 colleges around town. Is there a part of town you'd like to visit in?
I don't mind where the college is. Sorry, but could you please get me the address for The Galleria?|Christs's college is on Saint Andrew's street and is free to enter.  I don't have any information on a Galleria. Is there another attraction you would like to see?
The Galleria is the name of the restaurant. I need the address for it please. I also need the postcode for the college.|My apologies, the system has been giving us difficulties today. The Galleria is at 33 Bridge Street. Christ's College is in postcode cb23bu. Can I help you with anything else today?
No I think that's everything, thanks.|We are happy to help. Thank you for using our service. Do you need any further assistance?
I do not think I need any more info, thank you so much.|Alright, enjoy Cambridge!
i am looking for a place to stay. The hotel should have a star of 4 and should be in the east part of town.|I have 6 guesthouses on the east side of town. Would you like more information on one of them?
A guesthouse would be perfect. Can you make a recommendation of one please?|I sure can!  I like a and b guest house.  Do you want a reservation?
no thank you. get me the phone number instead|Sure.  The phone number is 01223315702.  What else can I do for you today?
I'm looking for things to do in town|We have almost 80 attractions across the city. Did you have a certain area you prefer?
I'd like to go to a theatre in the same area of town as the hotel.|we have alot in the centre of town
well in the same area as the hotel I am walking|We actually have zero theatres in the east part of town! sorry about that. Maybe another part of town would work for you?
How about a park instead?|There is one park in the area named cherry hinton water play. Would you like more information?
No, I need a taxi to take me from the guesthouse at 23:00 going to the attraction. What is the contact information and car type please?|Congratulations you got the tesla.
I still need the contact number please.|the phone number is 01223446100
I'm sorry, but I forgot to get the phone number for the park. Can you get that for me, please?|No problem. The phone number is 01223446100. Is there anything else I can do for you today?
That's all I need thanks for the help!|excellent, have a great day!
i am looking for a place to stay. The hotel should have a star of 0 and should be in the cheap price range.|I have one in the north area would you like me to book it for you?
I actually need to stay in the east and it needs to have free wifi please.|Unfortunately, I cant find a listing in the east part of town, the next listing available is in the centre and it does have free wifi.
The centre will be fine. Can I have the info on that one,please?|That would be the El Shaddai. They offer free parking and wifi. They are located at 41 Warkworth Street. Their postcode is cb11eg. You can reach them at 01223327978.
I would like to find something fun to do in the East.|What kind of entertainment are you looking for?
Just pick an attraction in the same area as my hotel that you personally recommend and tell me its type|Maybe Old Schools, it is an architecture attraction.
Ok. I want a taxi to pick me up from the attraction by 10:45 and take me to the hotel. Please give car type and contact info|I have booked a taxi service for you. The car will be a yellow honda and the phone number to reach them is 07991691380
Thank you for your help.|Glad I could help. Have a great day.
Hello, can I please have some information on the types of museums that are available in Cambridge and their location?|Sure.  There are 79 different museums in Cambridge.  Is there an area of the city you were looking to visit?  Or price range?
Not really anywhere specific, and I don't care about the price range.|May I suggest the Broughton House Gallery? It is a nice museum in the centre which is free to visit. Shall I provide more information?
What is the postcode and phone number there?|01223314960 and cb11ln
I also need a place to eat, I want European food and it needs to be expensive.|I have many choices. What part of town do you prefer?
It doesn't matter. You choose. Can I get the area, phone number and address please?|I recommend Eraina, it is in Centre, the phone number is 01223368786 and the address is Free School Lane City Centre. Can I book you a table there?
No thank you, that's all the information I need right now.|Thank you for contacting the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Goodbye
Can you tell me more about a particular attraction called the ballare?|Ballare is a nightclub located on heidelberg gardens, lion yard, cb23na. The entrance fee is 5 pounds. Is there anything else I can help you with?
What is their phone number?|The phone number for ballare is 01223364222, and the entrance fee is 5 pounds. Do you also need the address?
No thank you, I don't need the address.  I would also like to find a place to eat on the east side that serves British food.|I have one such restaurant and it is called the Grafton Hotel Restaurant and is in the expensive price range. Would you like their address?
Actually, could you book a table for 6 people on Wednesday?|For what time?
I would like to book for 11:15.|I have booked this for Wednesday for 6 people at 11:15.  They will hold your table for up to 15 minutes.  The reference number is: CGM6GIAJ
Thank you that's all I needed today.|My pleasure. Enjoy your stay.
I would like to take a train to Cambridge that leaves on Friday.|What departure site and what time?
I'm leaving from Cambridge. Anytime after 15:00. I'm actually going to Peterborough.|Do you have an arrival time in mind?
I do not have a time to arrive by.|TR0112 leaves at 17:06	 and will cost you 16.50 pounds. can we book?
Sure, that sounds good.  I will have a party of 6.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 99 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : PBZWH353. is there anything else i can help you with?
Yes. I also want to go to a nightclub in the area. Can you help me with that?|I have the club salsa at 1 station road.
Thanks! what is the entrance fee?|5 pounds anything else?
No. I think that's all.|Okay, great! Have a nice day.
I am looking for places to go in the centre.|What type of attraction are you interested in?
I'm not sure.|There are old churches, colleges, and art museums.
I really don't have a preference.  How about old churches?|How about Holy Trinity Church? It has a free entrance fee as well.
Is there a phone number that I can use to contact the Holy Trinity Church?|The phone number is 01223355397.
Great I also need to get a train on thursday to go to bishops stortford.|There are 10 trains that day. Do you have a desired departure or arrival time?
Yes I want to leave from Cambridge after 14:30. I also would like the travel time and train ID if possible.|Sure TR7759 would work best with your request. That leaves at 15:29 and arrives 16:07. It does cost 10.10 pounds per ticket though.
That sounds perfect. I would like to book two seats.|Your total fee is 20.2 GDP, payable at the station.  The reference number is ALEMIAWN.  May I help with anything else?
Just to verify, my boss is a stickler for reimbursement things. It appears the travel time adds up to 38 minutes, is that accurate?|Correct, your trip from Cambridge to Bishops Stortford will take 38 minutes in total. Is there anything else I can help with today?
Great thank you that's all the info I need.|Very good, have a nice day!
I am flying into the area and would love to find a nice guesthouse to accommodate me while I'm there.|We have 24 guest houses available in Cambridge, do you have a specific area or price range in mind?
I don't care about price but would like one in the north that has free parking.|The acorn guest house is moderately priced with a star rating of 4. How does that sound to you?
Does this hotel has internet? If yes, please give the address.|Yes, the acorn guest house has internet. Their address is 154 chesterton road. Is there anything else you needed help with?
Yeah, is the Jesus Green Outdoor Pool still open?|Yes, it appears it is still open. Would you like more information on this pool?
Can you provide me with the phone number, address, and the area?|The phone number is 01223302579, and they are in the north part of town, they are located at between victoria road and the river.
Okay, that's all the information I need for now. Thank you for your help.|you're welcome. anything else i can help you with?
Hello, can you recommend attractions in the Centre of town, please?|I would recommend the Cambridge Contemporary Art museum. It is located at 6 trinity street and it also has free admission. Is there anything else that you need?
What is their postcode?|That postcode is cb21su.
Thanks. I also need an expensive place to stay that includes free parking.|Okay, what area will you be staying in?
I'd also like my hotel or guesthouse to be in the centre of town.|What is your star rating preference?
I really do not care anything will do|I recommend the University Arms Hotel on Regent Street. Would you like to book a room?
I want want to book a taxi to commute between the two places.|Where and when do you want to the taxi to pick you up ?
Can the taxi pick me up at the hotel by 07:30?|Booking completed!
Booked car type	:	yellow honda
Contact number	:	07397168594
Thank you for all of your assistance.|Thank you have a nice day.
Hello.  I am excited to see some local tourist attractions on my trip to Cambridge.  Can you suggest some places to go?|All saints church is available in the centre of town.
I will be in the east and am wondering if there is a concerthall.|No, there are no concert halls in the east. What else can I assist with?
Can you tell me if there are any swimming pools located in the east?|I have one and it is abbey pool and astroturf pitch.
Can you give me more information on abbey pool.|Sure! It's located on poolway, whitehill road, off newmarket road. Their phone number is 01223902088. Anything else I can help you with?
Yes, I also need a place to stay in the east, moderately priced and with wifi.|Warkworth House appears to fit your needs. Would you like to book a room?
Does it also have free parking? I forgot to mention I'll be needing that too.|It does have free parking, yes. Would you like me to book you any rooms?
I would!  Can you do that for me?|Yes, just let me know the details of your stay and I can book a room for you.
I need a room for three nights for 5 people|What day will you be checking in ?
I am checking in on friday for an extended weekend holiday.|How many days will you be staying?
Oh gosh, I guess you must have missed it. I did say Friday for 3 nights, 5 people.|Would you like me to book it for you?
Yes, please. Isn't that the point of this conversation?|I have made those reservations and your reference number is MUD82719.
Thank you. Sorry for the confusion. I will also be needing a taxi.|Where will you be going?
For commuting between the two places discussed.|What time would you like to leave by?
I want leave the hotel by 18:00.|Booking completed!
Booked car type		grey tesla
Contact number		07501896564
I am all set, thanks.|goodbye, enjoy your time.
I'm looking for a college in the centre of town.|Downing College is on Regent Street and admission is free.
Thanks, could I please have their phone number and postcode?|The phone number for Downing College is 01223334860, and their postcode is cb21dq.
Great, thank you! I'm also in need of a place to stay. It needs to be in the south and I'd like it to have free wifi.|The Aylesbray Lodge is a guest house with 4 stars. Would you like to book there?
Is the Aylesbray Lodge cheap?|The Aylesbray is moderately priced, but has free parking and internet. For cheap, there is Rosa's Bed and Breakfast.
I want to book the Rosa's Bed and Breakfast. I have six people in my party.|What day would you like to start your stay and how many days will you be staying?
We'll arrive on Wednesday and we'll be staying for 2 nights.|I have booked your rooms at Rosa's Bed and Breakfast for a party of 6 who will arrive on Wednesday and stay two nights.
Can I have the reference number?|Your reference number is UL5OTY23.  Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
No, thanks. That takes care of all my questions.|Thank you for using our system today!
Hello, I'm hanging around town tomorrow due to an appointment and want to do something fun while I'm there. I'll be on the town centre most of the day.|There are plenty of things to do, are you interested in museums or architecture?
Either or would be fine!|I would suggest architecture as there are several churches in the area. Do you prefer something with free entry?
I am open to anything.  Can you just pick a church and give me the address and entrance fee?|Sure.  Holy Trinity Church is free and is located on market street.  The postcode is cb23nz.  Can I get you any other information today?
That's all I need. Thanks.|Thank you, goodbye.
I'd like to find a museum in the centre of town, please.|I've found eleven different museums in the centre of the city. Would you like to hear about any in particular?
Actually, I would love it if you could give me a recommendation of one. And give me the postcode as well.|The Museum of Archaeology and Anthropology is free, the postcode is cb23dz.
Super.  I need a train on Sunday going to Norwich, also.  Can you help with this?|Train TR9533 is going to Norwich on Sunday at 10:36 and arrives at 11:55. Would you like to book it?
I would like to arrive by 11:00, if there is one available!|And just to confirm you'll be departing from cambridge?
Yes, I am departing from Cambridge and need to arrive in Norwich by 11:00.|TR4969 will leave Cambridge at 9:36 and arrive at norwich at 10:55.  Would you like to book it?
No, that would be all.|Is there anything else I can help you with?
No thank you, goodbye.|Goodbye. Have a nice day.
I am looking for night Clubs in cambridge, any suggestion?|I have 6 nightclubs, 5 are in centre and 1 is in south. Would you like information on one of them?
Can I have the name, postcode, phone number, and address for the one in South?|Sure, it's called The Place, and is located at 22 Sidney Street, postcode cb23hg.  The phone number is 0223324600.  Can I help with anything else?
Yeah, I need a place to stay.|There are many fine places to stay in Cambridge. Let me help you find one that suits your needs. Would you prefer a hotel or a guest house?
I would like a guesthouse with a star of 4 in the moderate price range. I would like to be in the east.|a and b guest house has free internet also. Would you like me to book this?
I'm not ready to book yet.  What is the phone number and is there free parking?|Ok, the phone number is 01223315702 and it does not have free parking. Anything else I can help you with?
Thank you, that will be all.|Have a good day and contact us if you need anything else.
Can you help me find a place called Hughes Hall?|Yes, they are located in the centre on wollaston road, postal is cb12ew and phone is 01223334898.  Is there anything else that I can assist with?
What part of town is it located in? Are there any restaurants in that area?|Hughes Hall is located in the centre.  There are a lot of restaurants in that part of town.  Are you interested in a particular type?
Can I have the address and phone number? I also need a train leaving Sunday and arriving by 21:00|The address for Hughes Hall is Wollaston Road. The phone number is 01223334898.
Thanks. I also need a train for Sunday.|Okay, what is your destination and arrival preference?
I need to go to cambridge from kings lynn.|I have train TR6368 leaving at 6:11 and arriving at 6:58. Would you like to book that?
Yes please book that train, for 7 people. And may I get a reference number for the booking? Thanks.|sure thing your ref # is 7RBUS3T6, anything else today?
No thank you. Have a great day. Goodbye|I am glad to help have a nice stay
Yes I am looking for a hotel that includes free wifi and has a three star rating please.|We do have a couple matching your criteria, they both fall under the expensive range, one in the centre and one in the south, what is your location of choice?
I don't care where it is located.  I would like an actual hotel room and I will need free parking too.|Alright, you have your choice between the Gonville Hotel at Gonville Place, cb11ly, or The Lensfield Hotel at 53-57 Lensfield Road, cb21en. Do you need more information, or to book?
Yes, I would like to book it for 8 people and 3 nights starting from Tuesday. Please make sure to include the reference number.|I got that all ready to go for you. They will be expecting you on Tuesday. Your reference number is 5535GDTO. Would you need help with something else today?
I am also interested in places to go in the east area. Can you help with that?|Certainly, we have 10 attractions in the east. Do you have a particular type in mind?
Yes I am looking for a park. I'd also like to know the entrance fee, postcode and phone number please.|The cherry hinton water play park is at cherry hinton hall, cherry hinton road, cb18dw, it is free to enter.Phone number 01223446100. Can I help you with anything else?
Yes I also need a taxi to commute between the two.|What time do you need to leave?
16:45. Please give me their car type and contact number.|I will need a departure or arrival time.
I want to leave at 06:45. I can arrive however long it takes.|Perfect! I have a white volvo scheduled to pick you up at 06:45. The contact number is 07550105668.
Thank you so much, that is all I needed!|You're welcome. It was my pleasure. Have a great day.
I wanted to visit the Tenpin, could you tell me the hours it is open, and if there is an admission cost?|Sorry. I don't have the hours of operation or whether there is an entrance fee. Would you like the phone number so you can call to get the information yourself?
That's OK, could you tell me what part of town it's located in?|Sure, it is in the south part of town.  The address is Cambridge Leisure Park, Clifton Way.
Great. Thank you. I also need a place to dine.|What type of food would you like and what price range ?
I am looking for Scottish food. I would like it to be nice so it can be expensive, but it needs to be in the east side of town.|i will find you one thanks a lot its a pleasure to serve you
I am looking for a hotel by the name of The Lensfield Hotel.|I have a listing for that hotel. It is on the south side and has three stars. Can I book you a room?
What type of hotel is this and could I get the address?|It's a hotel  and the address is 53-57 lensfield road. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I'm also looking for a museum located in  centre.|I'd like to suggest the broughton house gallery. Do you need any information on it?
Yes, can you tell me the entrance fee?|Good news, it is free to enter! Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
i also want to book a taxi. i want to leave the hotel by 18:30. get contact number and car type|Booked it.  It's a yellow honda, contact 07649871562.  Anything else you need?
No that is everything I need today. Thank you for your help.|Thank you for contacting Cambridge TownInfo centre. Goodbye!
Hi, I am looking forward to trying some of your local restaurants.  I do need help with some other places to go in town while I am there though.|What is your food type preference?
I would say let's look for an attraction first. Can you recommend something to do in the south part of town?|There are several nice parks in the area as well as theaters and museums.
I will go with whatever you recommend, I just need the attraction type and postcode.|The byard art museum  postal code is cb21sj. Can i help you get transportation to and from the museum?
No, but I would like to find a cheap priced south african restaurant.|I'm sorry, but we don't have and South African restaurants in the area.  Is there a different type of food I can help you find?
Try Portuguese then.|There are two results. Both are cheap. Do you prefer the south or centre?
I would rather be in the south area.|The only option is nandos.
Can you book a table for me there on Thursday at 12:15?|How many people are in your party?
3 people will be dining. Please give me a reference number once you finish the reservation|I have finished booking it for Thursday at 12:15 for 3 people at Nando, your reference number is TDQZGM38.  Do you need anything else?
Thanks so much for putting up with me! You've been great!|You are welcome enjoy
i'm looking for places to go in town|Okay! What kind of place would you like to visit?
I would like to go to a museum in the south. I need the postcode and entrance fee.|byard art is located in the south. The postcode is cb21sj and doesn't charge an entrance fee. Can I help with anything else?
I also need a place to stay at with free wifi and parking.|Well I have a lot of places matching that description so can we narrow those choices by selecting an area for the hotel to be located in?
Lets try the south side.|Are you looking for a guesthouse or a hotel?
Either will be fine|I have 3 guesthouses and 1 hotel. Do you have a ratings preference?
I'm sorry I do want to stay at a hotel, not a guesthouse. I will just need the price range and post code please.|the lensfield is nice its expensive and the postcode is cb21en, anything else today?
I also want to book a taxi to commute between the two places.|Sure, which place do you want to be picked up at and at what time?
I'd like to be picked up at Byart Art museum by 21:00. Could you please book a taxi for me.|What is your destination?
I want to go to the hotel.|Okay, you're all set! You will be picked up in a yellow BMW. The contact number is 07193150653. Can I help you with anything else?
That's all I need, thanks so much for all of your help! Have a great day!|excellent, have a great day!
I am looking for a museum to visit?  I'm pretty excited to be coming in a few weeks.|we have several including the museum of technology. would you like to purchase tickets?
What area of town is that in?|cambridge museum of technology is in the east side of town.
Great! Can I get the address and phone number?|Their address is the old pumping station, cheddars lane, cb58ld. Their phone number is 01223368650. Will that be all for today?
I'm also looking for a cheap guesthouse with free parking and free wifi.|Is there a certain area you prefer?
Let's stick with the east|Allenbell is cheap and 4 stars with internet and parking located at 517a coldham lane, cb13js. Phone number is 01223210353. Can I book a room for you?
Yes, please book it for 4 people and 3 nights starting from Saturday.|You are booked, the reference number is X3YRQRDQ, can I assist with anything else?
Thank you, that is all. Goodbye.|Thank you for using the service today.
I want the address to the Autumn House hotel in Cambridge.|Sure, the address is 710 newmarket road.
Please check to see if there any rooms available on Sunday for 5 nights.  I will need 7 rooms.|They were able to accommodate your party. Your reservation is made, reference number TD6A4S20.
Thank you can you find me a place to eat too?|Sure, I can help you with that.  Is there a certain type of food you were looking for?
Never mind on a place to eat.  Can you help me find info on the Cambridge Temporary Art attraction?|The cambridge contemporary art attraction free and in the centre. The address is 6 trinity street, phone is 01223323222.
Thank you very much.|My pleasure. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No that will be all thank you?|Thank you for contacting the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Goodbye
Hello, I'm looking for an architecture place to go in the centre of town.|there are several architecture places you could go, all saints church,great saint mary's church,holy trinity church, and old schools, which one could you prefer?
Old Schools sounds cool - can I have their phone number?|You can contact Old Schools at 01223332320. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
I'm looking for the gonville hotel.|Gonville hotel is in the expensive price range in the centre would you like me to book it
No can I just get the hotel type and phone number please?|It is a normal hotel and the phone number is 01223366611.
Thanks. Can I also book a taxi to take me from the hotel to the old school. I want to leave the hotel by 21:00.|The taxi has been reserved. Your taxi would be a black honda and you can contact it at 07973129543.
Thank you so much that's all i need.|Have a good trip at Cambridge. Goodbye!
I'm looking for places to go in the centre of town.|Sure, there are lots of places to go in the centre area. Is there a specific type of attraction you're looking for?
No. What would you recommend?|Ballare nightclub is a lot of fun. They're at 1 Station Road, and it's 5 GBP to get in. Would you like their phone number?
Yes please give me their phone number.|Their phone number is 01223364222.
I also need a train to Cambridge that leaves after 19:00.|You have many options. Where would you be departing from, and what day would you need this for?
Well, I'm in Peterborough and I need to get to Cambridge on Tuesday.|The first train that leaves after 19:00 leaves at 19:19 and should arrive by 20:09 on Tuesday. This would cost 16.50 pounds.
Could you also give me the train ID for that?|The train id is TR2636 and it leaves at 19:19.
Great thank you! That will be all I need.|You're welcome. Good-bye.
I am looking for information in Cambridge|Okay! What would you like to know?
I should have already told you that, how rude of me.  Can you please tell me what museums are in Cambridge?|there are 79 museums is there a particular type or area you would prefer?
I really don't have a preference.  Do you have one that you could recommend that would be interesting for a few different age groups?|i like cambridge artworks. it is in the east side. can i give you the  address?
Yes thank you. I'd love to get the address there.|Okay the address is 5 greens road.
I also need to find a train for Wednesday between Cambridge sand Stansted Airport to arrive by 16:15.|Okay, sure.  Train TR0678 leaves Cambridge on Wednesday and arrives at Stansted Airport by 16:08.  Would you like to book that?
What is the price?|37 pounds, I can book it for you and get a reference number ?
Hi, I am looking for a entertainment attraction to visit. Do you have any recommendations?|What area will you be going to?
The area doe not matter, just some entertainment.|How about the cherry hinton hall and grounds?
Sounds good. Could you give me their address please?|Their address is cherry hinton road. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Yes, I also need their postcode and phone number.|Okay, sure. The postcode is cb18dw and the phone number is 01223446104. Anything else?
Great, thank you for all of your help.|No, problem. Will that be all for you today?
Yes, thank you. Goodbye.|Thank you, goodbye.
i am looking for a place to stay. The hotel should have a star of 4 and should be in the cheap price range.|There are 8 hotels that meet your requirements. Do you prefer a hotel or guesthouse?
I would prefer a guesthouse that includes free parking.|You would love the Allenbell guesthouse.  It meets your criteria.  Would you like me to book you a reservation?
Yes please go ahead and book for 5 people for 5 nights starting from Tuesday.|Ok.  I was able to take care of that for you,  Your reference number is 5JNUY73K.
I am also looking for some places to go in the north. Any Recommendations?|Would you like to go boating? riverboat georgina is in the north
That sounds good. Can you give me the phone number and address for there?|The address is cambridge passenger cruisers, jubilee house. Their phone number is 01223902091. Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
Please have a taxi pick me up from the hotel at 13:00 and take me to the boat attraction. Send me car type and contact number.|Your booking was completed. The car will be a grey volkswagen and the contact number is 07010971496.
Thank you for the assistance. I believe we are finished.|Have a wonderful time.
Can you find me a Chinese restaurant?|There are 17 Chinese restaurants in town. What area of town are you interested in and what is your pricerange?
I would like for it to be in the centre. Price does not matter. I need a reservation for 8 at 11:15 on Saturday. Reference number after booking is complete.|You are booked for charlie chan for Saturday at 11:15. Reference number is 77TIE1S5.
Thanks a lot. I would also like for some places to go in town, how about a museum in the same area?|We have 11 museums in the town centre. I enjoy the museum of archaelogy and anthropology. Would you like information on it?
Please! Can you also provide the address with postcode and the phone number? I'd like to jot it down in case I get lost!|The address is university of cambridge, downing street. The postcode is cb23dz and the phone number is 01223333516.  Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, that will be all. Thank you!|You are welcome.  Have a nice day.  Bye.
I am looking for an attraction called Williams Art and Antiques.|I know the place! It's located in the centre and it's free of charge.
What is their postcode?|The post code for Williams Art and Antiques is cb12lj.
Thank you, I am also looking for an Italian restaurant in the centre.|Do you have a price range in mind?
I would like an expensive restaurant.|for when and how many in your party please?
For 7 people at 11:15 on Saturday, please.|I have 4 expensive restaurants in the centre, caffe uno is a good one. Would you like me to make reservations?
Caffe Uno will be fine. Yes, I'll need to reserve a table on Saturday. It will be at 11:15 for 7 people.|Ok, that booking was successful, and the table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Great I also need to get a taxi that can get me to the restaurant by 11:15|look out for a red volvo and the contact is 07479126194
Can I have a reference number for the restaurant?|The reference number for the restaurant is MXMOHDJ7.
I also need a taxi.|Booking completed!
Booked car type	:	red volvo
Contact number	:	07479126194
Can you email or fax me the information for my personal reference? Thank you for your assistance.|Your restaurant Reference number is : MXMOHDJ7. And your taxi contact number is 07479126194. Do you have a number I should forward this information to?
Nevermind, I wrote the info down. I'll text it to everyone else, it'll be faster that way. Thanks for your help!|Glad I could help.  Have a nice day!
Hello, I am traveling to Cambridge and I'd like to find an expensive place to dine in the centre.|kymmoy is in the expensive price range in the centre of town.
Can you make a reservation for 5 people at 18:00 on wednesday for me please?|Yes, I've booked your table, they'll hold it for 15 minutes. Your reference number is 4ATJMY42. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, can you help me find some places to visit near the restaurant?|Yes, there are many places to visit near the restaurant. What kind of attraction did you have in mind?
I'm not sure. What is available?|There is architecture, boat, cinema, college, concerthall, museum, nightclub, park, swimmingpool, theatre
Its my first time in town, so I dont know which places are good.  I am open to suggestions, so I will go with your recommendation|old schools is a popular architecture attraction located on trinity lane. It is free to enter.
Great, can I get the address and postcode.|The are on trinity lane and the post code is cb21tt. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
No, you've helped me with everything! Thanks, bye!|Thank you and enjoy your stay in Cambridge!
I'm looking for an expensive indian restaurant.|I have 14 expensive indian restaurants. What area were you looking for?
Centre is fine!|There are 6 restaurants that fit your criteria. Would you like me to book a reservation for you at the one with the highest rating?
Yes, make reservations for 4 people at 18:00 p.m. on saturday.|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Reference number is : 78SLGY2S. anything else today?
book a table for 7 people at 12:15 on thursday and get me the reference number|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.Reference number is : EOOAGZCF. anything else today?
can i book a taxi to arrive by my reservation time?|Yes. Where are you departing from?
Oh my, I got ahead of myself. First, I need a place to go in the east for a boat attraction. Can you help?|I have the camboats located in the east.
what is their phone number and address?|They are located at the plough, green end, fen ditton.  Do you need any other information?
Their phone number would be super and then I need to book a taxi for getting to and from the camboats to the restaurant on time.|camboats' phone number is 01223902112
How about that taxi?|Okay I have booked your taxi. It will be a grey Skoda whose contact number is 07277217080.
Thank for your help! That's all I need today.|Glad to help, have an awesome weekend.
My son is a junior in high school, we are looking at college.  Can you tell me about what colleges are in cambridge?|Sure! What specific part of Cambridge are you interested in? There are colleges in both the west and the centre areas.
What is located in the centre?|I recommend downing college. It's free admission.
Can you provide me with their address and phone number please?|Their address is agent street. their phone number is 01223334860
I also need a train to Cambridge.|okay any particular time you would like to leave? Also where are you coming from?
I will be coming from Ely and would like to arrive in Cambridge by 11:00.|Do you know which day you'd like to travel?
Yes, on Sunday.|Okay the TR4212 arrives by 09:52.
Thanks very much! What time does it depart, and how long is the ride?|The train TR4212 departs at 09:35 and the ride is 17 minutes long. Would you like to book it?
No thank you! That's all I need. Thanks for all of your help!|you are welcome all the time
Thanks again, thats all I need.|Thank you for calling. Have a great day. Goodbye.
I am looking for a polish restaurant that is in the moderate price range.|Sorry, there are no polish restaurants in town. Perhaps you'd like to try a different type of food?
Could you find one that serves spanish food, instead?|Sure, we have la tasca, and la raza. Can I book one for you, if so for how many people and what date?
I will try la tasca. The booking is just for me on Monday at 15:30.|You have a table and it will be held for 15 minutes.  The reference number is 42Z6AY64. Can I be of further assistance?
I also need to find a place called Byard Art.|What type of place is that?
It's an attraction in town.  Can you find it by name?  I just need their phone number and the cost.|Sure!  The cost is free and their phone number is 01223464646.
Terrific!  I also need a taxi that will get me from Byard to my restaurant by the reservation time, please.|I was able to book a grey lexus phone number is 07863299997
That's awesome. Thanks. I think that will do it for today. Goodbye.|you are welcome to use our services anytime.
I'm looking for theatres in the centre of town.|The adc theatre is a nice attraction.
Great. Can I have the address please?|ADC Theatre is located on Park Street in postcode CB58AS. Their phone number is 01223300085. Can I help you with anything else?
I would love some help finding a nice restaurant to take my wife to. Something expensive.|Are you looking for a particular type of food?
Not really, but I would prefer it to be in the Centre also, close to the theatre.|There are a few options in the Centre including Bedouin, an African restaurant, and Midsummer House Restaurant, a traditional British restaurant. Do these interest you?
Let's do the Midsummer House.  I want to book a table for 3 people at 14:45 on wednesday.|I've booked your table! It will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Could i get the reference number please?|Your reference number is PIVQLKXA. Is there anything else I can help you find today?
No that is it. Thank you.|Thank you for using the Cambridge Town Info Centre Services. I hope you enjoy your time in Cambridge!
I need a train that leaves at 18:45 and goes to Cambridge.|Sure. Where are you departing from and what day would you like to travel?
I'm leaving from Broxburne on Friday.|There is a train leaving at 19:12.
Great, can I get 2 tickets on that train?|I have made those reservations. Your reference number is F2A9AC1K.  Can I help you with anything else?
Yes I am looking for a place to go maybe a theatre.|Sure there are a few.  Would you like it to be in a specific area of town?
It doesn't matter. You make a suggestion and provide the entrance fee, phone number, and area|ADC is in the centre, 01223300085. The entrance fee is not available at the time. Is there anything else?
Yes, what area is this located in?  I may give them a call today and ask about the entrance fee.|It is located in the centre. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, that will be all today. Thank you.|Thanks for using Cambridge TownInfo. Have a great day.
I'm looking for somewhere to go|There are many options for you. What type of attraction would you like to visit?
I don't really care. But it needs to be in the western part of cambridge.|Lynne strover gallery is a museum located in the west, and the entrance is free. Would you like the address and phone for it?
Just the address in the postcode would be great|The Lynne Strover Gallery is located at 23 High Street, Fen Ditton and the postcode is cb30aq. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
I need to book a train as well.|Okay. Where do you need to depart from and arrive to? And what time would you like to arrive?
I'd like to depart from cambridge and arrive in leicester by 16:00.|TR4792 leaves at 13:31 and arrives at 15:06.  Would you like to book it?
Yeah, that'll work, good ahead and book it for just me, thanks.|Great. I booked you for one ticket on the train. Your reference number is BURBKJXX. Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
No, that'll be all. Thanks a lot.|You're very welcome.  Have a great day.
I'm looking for places to go in town, can you make suggestions?|What type of attraction are you interested in?
I like a park that has vendors and kids can play|We have five parks to choose from, any preference in area?
Never mind.  Do you have any theaters in the east area?|I'm sorry, there are no theatres in the east area. Can I help you find something else?
Are there any museums? Will need the address and phone number. Also looking for a restaurant that serves fusion food in the same area.|There are four. Do you have a specific one in mind? I have the Cambridge Artworks, phone 0122390216, post code cb13ef. What area do you want the food to be in?
I was hoping for something in the east.|I'm sorry but there are no fusion restaurants in the east. Could I interest you in another cuisine or a different area?
How about British food?|Grafton hotel restaurant is an expensive british restaurant in the east part of town. Do you need anymore information or would you like to book a table?
No need to book it. I would just like the price range, postcode, and address. Thanks!|Its expensive and its located at Grafton Hotel 619 Newmarket Road Fen Ditton. The postcode is cb58pa. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Thanks for all your help. That will be all for today. Goodbye|Great! I hope you have a wonderful trip.  Bye!
I am planning a trip to see the Cambridge and County Folk Museum. What can you tell me about it?|Sure. The Cambridge and County Folk Museum is one of the oldest social history museums in the UK and offers a various and unique collection of artifacts.
I would like their entrance fee and address please.|their address is 2-3 castle street and their entrance fee is 3.50 pounds.
Great, thanks!  Could you also help me find a modern European restaurant in the centre?|There are four places to choose from.  They range from cheap to expensive.  Do you have a preference on the price range?
I would prefer something in the moderate range.|de luca cucina and bar would fit your needs. they are located at 83 Regent Street, phone 01223356666, cb21aw. Would you like me to book reservations for you?
Yes, make a reservation for Tuesday please|I'd be happy to! How many people and for what time would you like to dine?
3 people at 20:00 on teusday|Okay I will work on getting this done and get back to you.
Thank you. I will also need the reference number, please.|Your table has been booked. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.  Your reference number is : 0Z5IJB27. Can I be of any further assistance?
Yes, I will need a taxi from the museum to the restaurant to arrive by 20:00 on Tuesday. Can you book that for me?|Your taxi booking was successful. You will be picked up by a white audi. The contact number is 07915378958. Anything else I can do for you today?
Thank you so much for your time today. I appreciate your help! Goodbye!|Thank you for calling. Enjoy your trip! Goodbye!
Hi, I'm looking to see the sights. Can you tell me about Primavera?|sure it's a museum located in the centre. would you like their phone number?
and the area and postcode too please|01223357708i is the phone, cb21sj is the postcodein the centry area
i also want a place to dine in the east|What area would you like to be on?
I already told you that, pay attention|I have 9 restaurants in the east.  Do you have a food type or price preference?
Just something expensive, if you pay enough I'm sure the food is good regardless of the cuisine.|Grafton Hotel Restaurant is an expensive British restaurant. Their address is Grafton Hotel 619 Newmarket Road Fen Ditton.
Please book it for 5 people on Wednesday at 15:15.|You are all set for the grafton hotel restaurant on wednesday at 15:15 or 5 people.  Your reference number is O1OT731L. Is there anything else I can help with today?
That is all. Thank you!|your welcome! Have a nice day!
Hello, are there any Indian restaurants in the city centre?|We have many of those, but they're either cheap or expensive - nothing in between. If price is not an issue, I recommend Saffron Brasserie.
ok book us fir 8 on friday at 15 15|Your reservation at the saffron brasserie for this friday at 15:15 for 8 people was successful.  Your Reference number is : Q3IFEX40.
I would also like to know about a fun place in the middle of town.|Is there a type of place you might prefer?
Nothing in particular, I just need to know how much the entrance fee is.|The whipple museum of the history of science is fascinating and it is free! The address is free school lane. Do you need more information?
No thanks, but I do need a taxi. Would you be able to help?|Yes, will you need it to or from the museum?
From the restaurant to the museum.|What time would you like the taxi?
Sorry from the museum to the restaurant...I just need to be there in time for our reservation.|I have booked you a grey toyota taxi. The phone number to reach them is 07598086239.
Great, thanks so much!|You're welcome. Is there anything else I can help with?
No, I'm all set, thank you.|Have a wonderful night and enjoy your trip.
I'm looking for a place to go to in the centre that has entertainment. Can you help?|There is no entertainment in the centre, did you have something else in mind?
How about architecture?|There are five architecture attraction in the Centre.  Do you care about the entry fee?
I don't. Could you recommend one, and give me the phone number and address?|I recommend Old Schools. Their address is Trinity Lane, and their phone number is 01223332320.
I also need a train to Peterborough on Tuesday|I have many trains going to peterborough on tuesday.  Where are you departing from and what time would you like to arrive?
Hello, could you tell me if Downing College is still operating?|Yes, Downing College is still operating in the centre.  They're located on regent street	, post code cb21dq.  You can visit them for free!  Anything else you need?
Just the phone number please?|The phone of Downing College is 01223334860. Do  you need a place to stay?
How did you know?! Yes I do! You must be a mind reader! I'd like to find 3-star lodgings, and I definitely DON'T want a guesthouse. Only a real hotel, please!|There are two that might suit you. The Gonville Hotel is in the centre and The Lensfield Hotel is in the south part of town. Do either of those sound good?
I would like a hotel in the north, please.|I have no hotels in the north that meet those specification.   May I try something else?
I just need a 3 star hotel in the north center.|There are no 3 star hotels in the North. You sure a guesthouse won't work?
Let's try the guesthouse, could you provide me with their telephone number?|The Hamilton Lodge is a guesthouse. Their phone number is 01223365664. Can I book a room for you there?
No, thank you. However, could you book me a taxi to commute between the two places?|No problem.  What time would you like to leave and arrive?
I would like to leave and 2:30 p.m and arrive at 3:23 p.m.|I have a taxi, a red skoda, booked for you. Your contact number is 07481840729. Can I help you with anything else?
No, that will be everything today. Thank you.|You're all set with your booking with the taxi.  Would you like a restaurant in the area for you as well?
No, but you know what? We should probably have the car pick me up at the college at 2:15 p.m. instead.|Sure.  Please look for a yellow Ford.  The contact number is 07901807088 if you need it.  Is there anything else today?
Thank you very much. That's all.|You are welcome. Glad I could help. Have a nice day.
I hope you have a great day as well.  Goodbye.|Please let us know if we can do anything else for you.
I need to find a place to stay with free parking and wifi. What can you find for me?|I have 33 of them, is there a certain are of town you prefer?
Yes, I'd like one in the North please.|Please specify your price range and star rating of the hotel you're interested in.
I don't have a preference.|Would you prefer a hotel or guesthouse type?
Either is fine. What's the address of your favorite?|The address of Acorn guest house is 154 chesterton road.
Thank you. Is it a hotel or guesthouse? I also need some kind of activity to pass the time.|As stated it is a guesthouse. What kind of activity would you like?
Any is fine. I just need it to be in the same area as the hotel.|Milton country park	is avaibale and free would you like that?
Yes that would be fine. Could you give me an address and the entrance fee?|The address is milton country park, milton, and it is a free attraction.
can i get a taxi to commute between the two places. i leave the hotel at 06.00, get me the contact number and car type please|I have booked a car from the acorn to country park for 06:00. It will be a white volvo contact number 07400057498. Anything else today/
No that was it. Thanks for your help!|So glad that I could assist. Please call again.
Ok. Good bye!|Thank you for contacting Cambridge TownInfo centre. Goodbye!
I am looking for multiple sports in the centre.|Sorry I have no listing in centre,can I check another area?
No. How about colleges? Are there any of those in the area?|There are thirteen colleges that are listed in the city's centre.
Pick one! I just need to phone number, postcode, and address, please.|Christ College, 0122334900, Saint andrews Street cb23bu.
Thanks.  I was also interested in finding a train from Cambridge.  Can you help me with that?|We will miss you!  Where are you traveling to?
I need to go to Kings Lynn on Thursday after 19:00.|Okay the TR0481 matches your needs. It leaves at 19:11.
that sounds good, i will need a reservation for eight people and give me a reference number also please.|Your booking has been successful. Your total fee is 78.4 GBP payable at the station. Your reference number is AUPD31QM. Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
Thats everything I needed thanks|wonderful, enjoy your visit!
I'm looking for a place to go in the centre.|Okay! What kind of place would you like to go?
I'm wanting to see the new Reese Witherspoon movie. Would they happen to have a cinema in that area?|Yes, this is the only cinema in the area vue cinema.
Could you tell me the postcode of that cinema?|Vue cineman is located in the centre of town. Their post code is cb11ps
Great!  I also want a restaurant in the same area, something expensive, please?|There are more than two dozen expensive restaurants in that area.  What cuisine would you like?
I'm not picky. Whichever one you choose will be fine. I just need a phone number, address, and postcode please.|Alright It's called Bedouin it's an African cuisine. The information is the following; phone 01223367660, address 100 Mill Road City Centre, and the postcode is cb12bd.
Can you reserve me a taxi? I need it to take me from the restaurant to the movies.|What movie theater would you like to go to?
Going to Vue cineman|Do you have a departure time ?
I want to leave the restaurant by 11:00.|Ok, I've booked you a taxi to the cinema. It's a black volkswagen
and the contact number is	:	07722633912
I need to buy a bus.|You need a bus as well as the taxi I already booked?
i need a taxi to leave the restaurant  by 11:00|Yes, I already booked that for you. As I said before, it's a black volkswagen and the contact number is 07722633912.
Thank you for booking the car for me.|Would there be anything else ?
That is all, enjoy the rest of your day.|I am glad that I can help. Have a nice stay.
Yes, I'm trying to plan a trip to Cambridge. Can you please tell me about things to do in town?|There are many things to do in town. Is there a particular area or type of attraction you are looking for?
Yes, I'd like to find something to do in the centre of town.|The Scott Polar Museum in on lensfield road and has free admission.  Does that interest you?
sound great. also looking for a place to stay near there.|There are several hotel and guesthouse options at different price levels in the centre area.  Is there any type in particular you're interested in?
I'm specifically looking for a hotel please.|Cityroomz offers moderately priced lodgings in the centre of town. Would you like a room?
That's fine.  I need it for 2 nights starting from Saturday.|I would be happy to make that booking for you.  For how many people?
Just me - I'm traveling solo.|I completely understand. I just booked the room for you. Your reference number is HGK7QE34. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Hi I am looking for places to go in the center of town.|Sure, we have a lot of attractions available. What would you like to do?
An entertainment attraction would be nice.|I don't see a match. Do you have any other preferences?
How about we try nightclubs?|how about ballare? i've heard great things.
Ballare sounds great. Is there a entrance fee?|The entrance fee is 5 pounds. What else can I help you with?
I also need a train for Thursday running from Norwich to Cambridge, and I'd like to arrive by 10:30.  Can you help with that?|There a 4 trains that would work. They run every hour starting at 05:16. When would you like to depart?
I want to arrive by 10:30 for norwich to cambridge I need the train ID and departure time please|the tr9905 will bet you there by 09:35 and it leaves at 08:16, anything else today?
No, that is everything. Thank you so much.|Have a wonderful day!
Thanks. You too.|You're very welcome! Bye!
Can you locate any four star places to stay?|I have 21 hotels with the 4 star rating.  What area would you like to stay in?
Are there any with free wifi available?|Yes. What area of town could you like to stay in?
I would like for it to be in the Centre.|Alexander bed and breakfast is located in the Centre area, it is a 4 star guest house in the cheap range. Would you like to book a room?
Hmm, I kind of was looking for something 4 star rated with free wifi but in the moderate price range if possible. Do you have anything like that?|i am sorry we dont have any like that.
Can you try a guesthouse?|I'm sorry, there are no 4 star places in the centre in the moderate price range. Is there something you'd like to change?
how about one that is in the type of guesthouse?|I am sorry another area perhaps?
Yeah, sorry. Any area is actually fine. I just want somewhere with 4 stars, moderately priced with wifi. Preferably a hotel, but guesthouse is ok if no hotels available.|alexander bed and breakfast is 4 star but it is in the cheap price range. Is that going to work for you?
yes, i want to book it for 7 people and 5 nights starting from sunday.|Booking was successful. Reference number is : HVGCSQR9. Anything else I can help with?
Yes please - I love interesting architecture. Is there anything interesting in the west?|There are no architectural attractions in the west. Would you prefer something else, or another area?
Can you chekc for colleges|There are five colleges in the west. I would suggest Churchill College. The entrance fee is free. Would like like the information for it?
Get me their phone number please|Yes, their phone number is 01223336233. Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
Thank you.Good bye.|Good bye?
I am going to the centre and want to go somewhere fun.|Are you interested in having dinner? Going to a bar? Going dancing?
I think I'd like to visit a museum perhaps.  Can you suggest one?|I have the broughton house gallery in the centre the entrance fee is free.
That will be fine I need the address please.|The address is 98 king street.
I'm also looking for a place to stay.|Sure, would you like to stay in the same centre area?
Yes please and I'm looking for a 0 star rating.|I have a cheap guesthouse and a moderate hotel in the center, both 0 stars. Do you have a preference?
I prefer the guesthouse, please. I'd like a reservation for 6 people, 2 nights. We'll be arriving on Tuesday.|Booking was successful.
Reference number is : 2H9TK6B3. anything else?
Thank you that is all I need.|Thank you and enjoy your stay. Goodbye.
Hello there.  I am traveling to Cambridge and am most looking forward to trying some of your local restaurants.  Can you help me find a good one?|I can definitely assist you.  Did you have a type of cuisine or price range in mind?
Something moderately priced.  I don't have a cuisine preference.|I have 31 moderately priced options available. Do you have a particular area you're interested in?
Yeah, preferably in the center of town.|There are 21 different options in the centre of town. If you are looking for a great recommendation, I suggest The Cow Pizza Kitchen and Bar. They serve amazing food.
Excellent that sounds great.  I'm also looking for something to do. Can you find me an attraction in the same area of The Cow Pizza Kitchen?|We have lots of attractions in the Centre. What type are you looking for?
any that you willrecomend. i also want a taxi|I recommend the Holy Trinity Church on Market Street.  Can you give me a day and time you need a taxi?  I can get one for you.
I need the taxi to commute between the restaurant and attraction. I need to leave the attraction by 04:30.|I have the taxi reserved for you.  It will be a white Honda.  The contact number is 07053284393.  Can I help with anything else today?
Thats all I need today, thank you.|Thank you for contacting the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Goodbye
I need  a train on Friday.|Okay. What day would you like to travel? What time would you like to leave? Where are you departing from and what is the destination please?
I am going to cambridge coming from london kings cross.  I will be leaving on friday after 16:30.|OK, the earliest departure I have is 17:17. Would you like to book it?
How much is a ticket?|I do not have that information available.
Can I at least get the train ID?|They system is down please try again later.
Please inform me of the train ID and price when the system is available. I am also looking for entertainment in the centre.|I have TR0835 leaving at 17:17 and arriving at 18:08. That has a travel time of 51 minutes and a price of 23.60 pounds.
I want an entertainment attraction in the center part of town also thanks.|little saint mary's church offers architecture and is located at little saint mary's lane. Entrance fee is free
Yes, I need information on the restaurant Ali Baba.|Ali Baba is a Lebanese restaurant in the center of town. Their phone number is 01462432565.
Great, thanks. Could you book me a table for 1 on Saturday at 19:00?|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : 90ESSCNA. Anything else I can do for you today?
No thank you.|Thank you, have a good day!
Are there any museums in Cambridge?|There are about 23 different museums to choose from. To help narrow it down, do you have a part of town you prefer to visit?
I'd like information of cambridge museum of technology.  What is their phone number please?|The phone number is 01223368650. Anything else I can help you with?
Can I have their address?|The address is The Old Pumping Station, Cheddars Lane. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I am also looking for a place to dine in the moderate price range.|I found 110 restaurants. Please tell me what type of food you like to help narrow the search so i can best serve you.
I'm thinking british food. oh, and if it's in the west that'd be even better.|There is Saint Johns Chop House that meets your criteria, would you like me to book it?
Sounds great! I want to book a table for 7 people at 18:30 on wednesday.|Great your booking was successful and they will hold your table for 15mins your reservation number is O447NKTY. Can I help you with anything else?
I will also need to book a taxi.|I can do that! I just need your departure and arrival sites and the time you need the taxi.
I'd like to leave the museum in time to get to the restaurant on time.|Okay, you have a car that will come get you.  It will be a blue BMW.
What is their contact number?|The contact number is 07601724141. Is there anything else I can help with today?
No that's everything for me. Thanks. Bye!|You are welcome! Bye!
I would like to find a cheap indian restaurant to dine at.|There are 4 cheap Indian restaurants in town. Do you prefer to go to a specific area of town?
Yes, I want to go in Cambridge and I will need the address, postcode, and area to find it.|There are 4 restaurants that meet your request.  Can you tell me what area of town you'd prefer?
I have no preference but I would like an attraction to visit in the city center.|I would recommend the Royal Spice restaurant in the north, on Victoria Ave in Chesterton, postcode cb41eh.  What area would you like your attraction to be located in?
I would prefer it to be in the centre. Could you give me the address and postcode?|Can I recommend kohinoor, it's address is 74 Mill Road City Centre,and the postcode is cb12as.
What sort of attraction is Kohinoor?|I'm not sure, Kohinoor is not listed in my database.  Are you sure you spelled that correctly?
I need a taxi between the restaurant and the hotel .|what time would you want to leave?
I would like to leave by 6:30.|Just to double check ... you want a taxi at 6:30? In the morning?
Yes, I would like to leave by 6:30 in the morning please|I see that we haven't discussed hotel reservations. Before I book a taxi, can you tell me where you are staying? Or can I help you to make a reservation?
Sorry, I misspoke. I need a taxi from the attraction to the restaurant, please, leaving by 06:30.|Ok we have a taxi booked between Kohinoor and Royal Spice, a red Toyota. Contact number is 07391598275
That's all that I need for now.  Thank you for your help.|Alright. Thank you for calling.
Have a great day now.|You, too. I hope you have a wonderful trip to Cambridge. Goodbye.
I need to get to Peterborough. Can you find me a train that gets there by 13:30?|What day will you travel on ?
I will depart from Cambridge on Wednesday.|The train closest to your requested time is the TR1108, leaving Cambridge at 12:34, arriving Peterborough at 13:24. Would you like to book a ticket?
Please and I would appreciate it if you could give me the train ID, departure time, and booking reference.|The train ID is TR1108, and the departure time is 12:34, but to book your ticket I'll need to ask - how many tickets would you like to purchase?
I will need three tickets please.|You are all ready with three tickets. The total fee is 49.5 and you will pay that at the station. Reference number is JPNLH7QF.
I would also like to find a museum in town.|There are 23 museum options in town. Can you help me by narrowing down where in town you'd like the museum to be?
No preference, what would you suggest?|The broughton house gallery is popular and it is free. It is in the center of town at 98 king street. Do you need more information?
Yes, what is the postcode for the broughton house gallery?|The postcode for the gallery is cb11ln. Can I help with anything else?
Can you book reservations for place to eat for me.|There are many choices for restaurants in town. Do you have a specific area, price range, or type of cuisine?
Yes, I would like a moderately priced Italian restaurant.|Hmm, my restaurant reservation system seems to be down at the moment.  Is there anything else I can help you with right now?
No that is all.  Thank you for helping me.|You are welcome. Thanks for using our service. Have a good day. Goodbye.
I need to find a train from ely to Cambridge TownInfo centre.|Train TR8519 will depart ely  for cambridge at 05:36 is that time okay with you?
I would need to leave after 09:00 on tuesday.|The TR4669 departs Ely at 09:35 and arrives in Cambridge at 09:52. Would you like to book a ticket?
No, that's not needed. Can I get the price and travel time please?|The price is 4.40 pounds per ticket and the travel time is 17 minutes. Would you like me to book a ticket?
That's not necessary.  You can help me locate a concert hall in the west end, however.|Unfortunately there are no concert halls in the west end.
Could you check for a college instead?|Churchill College is on the west end. Would you like the address?
Yes please, I need the address for the college.|Churchill College is located at Storey's Way, cb30ds. Their phone number is 01223336233.
Great. Thank you for all of your help!|You are very welcome, I hope you enjoy your time here.  Thank you for contacting the the Cambridge TownInfo centre.
I'd like to visit a museum in town. What can you suggest?|What area would you like to go to?
I have no preferences for area, can you just suggest a couple?|The cambridge contemporary art museum, and the scott polar museum are both free and in the centre.
Can you give me the address for the scott polar museum?|Sure! The address is lensfield road. Will that be all?
That's all the help I need today. Thanks for the help.|You're welcome, thank you for calling the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Have a great day.
I'm headed off to college soon and want to check out one of the campuses while I'm in the area. Can you help me find one?|Definitely! What area of town are you planning to visit?
Area doesn't matter. I'll just need an entrance fee, phone number and postcode for any of them.|Well there are 18 different colleges that match your request. Unfortunately I need more information from you to do my job. Can you help by narrowing down the area?
Which one would you recommend?|I would recommend Trinity College. They're located in the centre of town at postcode cb21tq. You can reach them by phone at 01223338400 and they list a 1 pound entrance fee.
I also would like to find a restaurant serving British food that is expensive.|Would you like me to find a British restaurant in the same area as Trinity College?
Yes, that sounds good!|I recommend Fitzbillies Restaurant, would you like me to book it for you?
That's alright, I just want to know the phone number and postcode please|Fitzbillies Restaurant has a phone number of 01223352500 and a postcode of cb21rg. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Please arrange for a taxi to pick me up from the attraction at 11:30 and take me to the restaurant. Give me contact number and car type.|A grey toyota is booked for you. You can call 07178077198 to contact them. Will that be all for you?
That is all I need, thank you good bye!|You're welcome, have a safe trip.
I'm looking for a place to stay in Cambridge.  It should include free wifi and be a 3 star.  Can you help me please?|There are five to choose from. Would you like moderate or expensive price point?
I do not care about price.|Would you prefer a guesthouse or a hotel?
I would like a hotel in the centre with free parking.|I have the gonville hotel. It is expensive. Would you like me to book that for you?
Do they have free parking? If so, please reserve a room for Tuesday for 7 people, 4 nights.|Done! Your reference number is ODEMZ03R. Do you need help with anything else?
Thank you. I'm looking for places to go in town. Can you recommend something near the hotel?|i recommend old schools, phone-01223332320
What's the postal code?|the post code is cb21tt
Great that's all I needed. Thank you. Bye.|Have a great day and enjoy your stay.
I need a thursday train that arrives by 8:30.|Where are you leaving from and going to?
I need to go from cambridge to stevenage.|You have two options; TR2016 departs at 05:21 and TR4376 departs at 07:21. Would you be interested in either of these?
Either one is fine. I need 8 tickets please.|Would you like a reference number?
Yes I would like the reference number, can you also give me information about Cherry Hinton Hall and Grounds?|It is located on Cherry Hinton Road and phone is 01223446104 is there any thing else
I need a one bed hotel room near Cambridge on Friday. Can you assist?|You chose attraction and the hotels will not come up. I can assist with attractions.
I would like a recommend for an attraction to visit in the Centre please.|It depends on what you like - do you like museums? Colleges? Music? Let me know so I can recommend something
I'm not particular. I'm just looking for something to do. Is there something that you could recommend as a you don't want to miss while your in town thing?|We have a great cinema here in town. It is called Vue Cinema. It's in the centre of town. Would that sound like something you would be interested in?
Yes, can I get the address and phone number?|Sure! They are located at The Grafton Centre, East Road, and their phone number is 08712240240. Can I help you with anything else?
I am also interested in finding a train to Cambridge from Norwich on Thursday.|We have 19 trains that meet your criteria. Would you like to narrow it down by departure time or arrival time?
i need the train to leave after 15:30.|I have a total of nine entries. Would you like to narrow it down? Or I have a train at 15:36, or 16:36 as well?
15 36 is good. book for 5 please|I've got your tickets booked.    Need a place to stay?
May I have the reference number?|I will get that reference number for you.
Okay...do you have the reference number yet?|Can you book it for me and get a reference number ?
I would like information on museums to visit in the centre of town.|There are 11 museums in the centre of town. Is there a particular museum you are interested in?
Which one do you recommend? Can i have the address and phone number?|I'd recommend the Castle Galleries their phone number is 01223307402 and address is unit su43, grande arcade, saint andrews street
Thanks! I also need a train to Broxbourne on Saturday.|Sure. Where are you departing from and when did you want to arrive?
I am departing from Cambridge and don't care what time I arrive as long as I depart after 21:30 from broxbourne.|The TR5034 departs from cambridge at 22:01.
I think that one is a good bet. Can you book it for me?|How many tickets do you need?
I've got a group of 8 people in all.|You are booked for 8.  Your total fee is 114.56 GBP.  TR5034 departs from cambridge at 22:01 and arrives in broxbourne by 23:01.
What is the reference number?|The reference number is UWNPYQIB.
Can you help me look up for any architecture attraction in the West of Cambridge?|Oh no!  We don't have any attractions meeting that description.  Is there something else I can help with?
how about some entertainment?|I do have one entertainment venue. It is called Whale of a Time. From what I hear, it is very popular. They are located at Unit 8, Viking Way, Bar Hill.
can i get their phone number?|Their phone number is 01954781018.
Thank you. I'm also looking for a train going to Cambridge that leaves on Friday. Any time would be okay.|There are many trains that meet your criteria. Would you like to narrow it down by departure site or arrival time?
I need to get to town by 12:30. And I'm coming from bishops stortford|Okay I have a train that arrives at 12:07. Should i book this for you?
No thanks. I just need the train ID and travel time for now.|TR6834 is a 38 minute ride.
Thanks for your help.  That was all I needed to know.  Goodbye.|Thank you for calling. I hope you have a great trip. Goodbye!
I am looking for information about Cambridge. What kind of places can you go in town?|I have colleges, museums, nightclubs, swimming pools, etc? Is there something particular you would like to do and I can narrow it down.
A nightclub sounds fun. Is there one in the centre of town?|I have five. Would you like to try club salsa or the fez club?
Sounds fun, can I get entrance fee, address, and postcode.|Sure. Were you interested in club salsa or the fez club?
I think Club Salsa would be perfect. I am also looking for a train to depart from Cambridge and go to London Kings Cross.|The entrance fee is 5 pounds; the address is 1 station road; the postcode is cb12jb. What day and time are you looking to travel?
The train should arrive by 12:00. I am looking to travel on Wednesday.|There are 4 trains available.  The earliest leaves at 5:00 and arrives at 5:51.  Would you like me to book that?
Yes, that will work.  Can you please give me the train ID for that booking?|Yes, it is TR3702. How many tickets do you need?
Actually, I don't think I will book that train just yet.  Thank you for all the info.  That's all I needed.  Goodbye!|Thank you for contacting Cambridge TownInfo centre.  I hope you have a pleasant trip!  Goodbye!
You may help me by finding a Muslim restaurant for me to eat at please.|I'm sorry, but I'm not showing any Muslim restaurant listings.  Is there another type of food you would like to try?
can you book the backstreet bistro for me ?|sure when would you like to eat?
I'd like to book a table for two around 19:45 on wednesday.|I was able to book a table for two at the restaurant.  Your confirmation number is DI0KD8LZ.  The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Thanks. Next can I get some info on theatre's in the centre?|I have four places there, what would you like to know?
Can you recommend one for me please?|ADC is a good place, what would you like to know?
Could you give me their address?|The address is park street. Is there anything else I could help you with?
I would also like to know about any attractions that is in the centre of town that is a theatre type.|There is also Cambridge Arts Theatre, Mumford Theatre, and The Cambridge Corn Exchange.
Could I get the address for the Cambridge Arts Theatre?|The cambridge arts theatre is located at 6 saint edward's passage. postcode cb23pj
I would like to find a cheap restaurant in the centre.|There are quite a few options in that price range and area. What kind of food are you interested in?
How about Asian Oriental?|Hey I've found dojo noodle bar, how does that sound?
Sure, thank you! Will you please book a table for 2 people?|What day and time would you like ?
I need to reserve it on Monday at 14:00. There will be 2 people dining.|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : SBH0ATGU.  Anything else I can do for you?
Thank you so much.  Could you also get me the address for the Cambridge Museum of Technology?|The address is The Old Pumping Station, Cheddars Lane. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
That was everything I needed, thank you!|Do you need anymore information?
No, you took care of it all. You were very helpful. Have a great night! Goodbye.|I'm glad I could be of assistance.
Can you help me find a place to stay for my upcoming trip?  I am excited to see some of your local attractions.|Sure, in what area of town were you looking to stay in? What is your price range?
I'm not looking for a specific area but I would like it to be a 2 star and expensive please.|Okay, the express by holiday inn cambridge matches the criteria. The address is 15-17 norman way, coldhams business park. Would you like me to book a reservation?
Does it have free parking|Yes it most certainly does.
Great. Please book it for 3 people for 2 nights starting on tuesday.|I have booked that for you. Your confirmation number is WPKWG3R7.
Great. I am also looking for a particular attraction called Old Schools.|it is a type of architecture located in the centre of town
May I please get the address for Old Schools?|Old Schools are located on Trinity Lane. Can I book a taxi for you to visit this attraction?
Yes, actually. That would be very helpful. I want to leave the hotel by 11:00 to head over there.|I booked that for you and the contac number is 07901150688
Thank you that is all.|Thank you so much for calling. I hope you enjoy your trip. Goodbye.
I need something to do in canbridge in the centre that has lots to do with sports|I don't see anything located in the centre of town that has to do with sports. Is there another area I can look up for you?
how about a concerthall ?|There is the man on the moon at the concerthall in the centre, would you like the phone number?
yes please find me their address and phone number|The man on the moon concerthall is located at 2 norfolk street, postcode cb12lf, phone number is 01223474144.  Can I help you with anything else today?
Thank you. I also need a german restaurant.|There are no german restaurants in cambridge.
wow! what about european food?|There are 11 European restaurants. Do you have a price range and area in mind?
I am looking for modern european food in the moderate price range. Any area is okay.|Since you are going to be in the centre of town already, how about de luca cucina and bar? It is moderately priced.
book that for 4 people at 15:15 on saturday|You booking has been confirmed, your reference number is DZZPYFOD. Can I help with anything else?
Thank you! I also ned a taxi that goes from the concert hall to the restaurant, and arrives by the time of my reservation. Can you pleas help with that?|Booking completed!
Booked car type	:	red skoda
Contact number	:	07017968837
Thank you!  That will be all today!|Thanks for using our service!
I'm looking for information on trains from Broxbourne to Cambridge.|There are many trains departing throughout the day, which day were you looking to leave?
Tursday, leaving after 17:00, please.|The TR1828 departs Broxbourne at 17:32, arrives in Cambridge at 18:32. Would you like to book a ticket?
Yes please.  I would like a booking for 5 people and the reference number once the booking has been confirmed.|Reference number is : VRSU89VK. at the  price of 89.5 GBP
I'm also looking for a college to see in the centre area. Can you give me some matches to this criteria?|I have 13 colleges listed in the centre. Christ's college and downing college both have free admission.
Christ's college sounds perfect. Can I get the postcode and phone number please?|Yes. The phone number is 01223334900 and the postcode is cb23bu.
That's all I need. Thanks.|You're welcome. Have a great day!
Hi. I'm looking for something to do. Are there any entertainment attractions in the South part of town?|There is a cinema, museum, park, theatre and nightclub.  Would you like information for any of these?
Could you please give me the postcode, address and entrance free of a museum?|Byard Art is a museum that has free admission. The address is 14 King's Parade and the postcode is cb21sj.
Thank you. I am also looking for a nice expensive hotel. It does not need internet. Can you help with that?|There are a total of 5 different places to stay that are expensive. Is there a certain area of town you would like to stay in?
No, and it also does not need free parking.|Huntingdon Marriott Hotel and University Arms Hotel are both 4-star rated hotels. Would you prefer the West or the Center area of town?
I will stay in the west area of town.|Ok, I will contact the Mariott and get you all set up.
Okay, I will need to book for 8 people for 4 nights starting from Sunday.|Your booking has been completed! Here is your reference number VJUBQ1YN. Can I assist you with anything else?
Yes, I would also like a taxi to take me between the Marriot and the museum.|I will need a departure time or an arrival time between the two locations.
Oh, sorry! I would like to leave the museum by 11:15.|You are all set for 11:15, the car will be a white audi and they can be reached at 07467849660
Thank you for all your help. I am all set now.|Ok, it was a pleasure assisting you. Have a wonderful day. Goodbye.
I am looking for Nandos city centre in Cambridge, can you give me directions?|It is located at 33-34 Saint Andrews Street
Great.  Can you let me know the price range and phone number of the restaurant?|Nandos is rated in the cheap price range. Their number is 01223327908.
In which area of town is it found?|It is in the centre. I can make you a reservation if you like.
Not right now.  But could you  please also find a museum to go to in the east?|We have 4 great museums in the east, but my favorite is Cambridge Artworks, at 5 Greens Road. It's free to get in!
Great.  Thanks for all your help!|I'm glad I could help. Do you need anything else today?
No, you were of much help and I appreciate it|Thank you for contacting us today and have a nice day.
Can you help me find a college to visit?|Does location matter?
Location is not important for me|I have 18 that match. Do you have any other preferences?
pick for me and I would need the area and postcode|clare hall is in the west and the postcode is cb3al. Can I help with anything else?
Actually, yes. I am really in the mood for good indian food. Could you help me find somewhere new to try?|We have a lot of indian places in cambridge. Do you have a preference for price range or location?
I would like a moderately priced one on the east side.|Curry prince is a moderately priced Indian restaurant. Address 451 Newmarket Road Fen Ditton.
what their postcode?|Their post code is cb58jj.  Is there in any other information your needed?
Yes, could I also have their phone number please?|The phone number is 01223566388. Would you like me to make a reservation?
no reservation please, I also want to book a taxi to commute between the two places.|Please tell about your departure and destination sites.
I need to leave clair hall by 24:45 going to curry prince. I also need the contact number and car type please.|A white volvo car will pick you up at clair hall at 24:45 and the contact number is 07113259690. May i further assist you today?
no thanks , that is all for today|You're welcome, have a great day.
I need to find a place to stay. I prefer a guesthouse and I'll need free parking for my car.|I recommend the Acorn Guesthouse on the north side. Does that suit your needs?
Does it also have free WiFi?|acorn guest house has internet.  Want to book a room?
Yes, can I get the address postcode and the number of stars it has?|It's a 4 star hotel, the Postcode is cb41da and the address is 154 chesterton road/
Great thank you I am also looking to get some info on the broughton house gallery|The broughton house gallery is a museum found in  the center of town . Entrance is free. Do you need their contact details?
Yes I need the post code as well, thanks.|Their address is 98 king street, the post code is cb11In, and their number is 01223314960. Anything else?
Nope. Thanks so much for your help.|Thank you for contacting Cambridge TownInfo centre. Goodbye!
Hello, I'm looking for a train departing from ely.|Okay, sure  I'd be happy to help. Did you have a specific destination or date in mind?
Yes I want to arrive in Cambridge on Tuesday.|What time would you like to depart and/or arrive?
I need to depart from ely and arrive in cambridge by 17:15|There are 6 available trains that will arrive in Cambridge by that time. There is 5:52, 7:52, 9:52, 11:52, 13:52 and 15:52. Which would you like?
The 5:52 will be fine. Please book it for five people.|Sure, you reference number is 5CAOA9FN. Is there anything else i can do for you today?
Awesome. I'm also looking for places to go in the centre. Can you get me the entrance fees to these places?|I have 79 places for you to go. Can you help me narrow your search by specifying what type of place you would like information on?
I would like an attraction in the centre please.|Okay, that narrows it down to 44.  Is there any specific place you'd like to go to?
Do you have any museums?|There are 11 museums in the area, would you be interested in the whipple museum of the history of science?
Sure, the history of science sounds cool. How much is the entrance fee for it?|It actually has no entrance fee, would you like the address?
Yes, I think that's the last thing I'll need.|The address is free school lane. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Thanks, that's all I need. Have a nice day.|Thank you for using our service!
I would like to find out about going to a park in the west.|There are no parks in the west. Would you like me to look in another area, or for a different attraction?
What about a museum on the west side?|Sure. There are 7 options.  Do you have any preference as far as entrance fee?
Free is great for entrance fee. I'll just need the postcode.|Cafe Jello gallery is free. Their postcode is cb30af.
I'm also looking for a train to leave after 12:30|there is a train leaving for london kings cross at 13:00, would you like me to book a seat for you?
No, thank you - were you just going to book a random day for me?|Where are you traveling from and your destination? Also what day?
I need to go Cambridge from London Liverpool street on Thurday, please.|Okay! How about the 13:59 train? It's the earliest one after 12:30.
THat sounds great, can I please get 6 tickets?|I booked you 6 tickets on the TR4187. Your reservation is OQ5TX031. A total of 99.6 GBP is due at the station. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No thank you. You've been very helpful. Have a great day!|thank you for using this service good bye
I would really like to go find places in the centre of town.|Sure, we have lots of places to go. What type of attraction are you interested in?
I'm not sure. What's your favorite thing to do?|There is a park that is nice. It's called cambridge university botanic gardens, does that sound interesting to you?
Sounds great! Can I get their address and postcode?|The address for cambridge university botanic gardens is bateman street and postcode is cb21jf.
I also need a train going to broxbourne I need to leave after 13:00.|I have several trains going to Boxbourne. What day do you want to leave? Where are you leaving from?
I want to leave on Thursday from Cambridge.|I have train TR9033 that leaves at 14:01 and arrives in Broxbourne at 15:01. Would that work for you?
That is all the information I need. Thank you.|Can I get you information on anything else?
No, you have been extremely helpful.  Thanks for everything.  Bye.|You're welcome! Have a great day!
I'm wanting information about museums in the centre of town.|There are 11 museums in the centre of town. A few are the regency gallery, the fitzwilliam museum, castle galleries, and primavera.
The fitzwilliam sounds good.  Could I get the phone number?|Absolutely, the fitzwilliam museum's phone number is 01223332900. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
I'm also looking for a hotel that is cheap and includes free parking.|I found the Cambridge Belfry.  It is located in the west of town.  Would you like me to book that for you?
No, thanks. That will be all.|Can I assist you with anything else today?
No, again, that is all, thank you.|Have a great day!
Yes, I'd like to know what there is to see in the center of town.|There are over 40 attractions in city centre. Do you have any ideas on what type of attraction you'd like to visit?
Some type of fancy architecture would be neat.|all saints church has some stunning architecture and is located in the centre. It's also free to visit!
Great, I like free!  Can you give me the postcode and phone number to all saints church please?|Phone number is 01223452587 and postcode is cb58bs.
Thanks! Can you also tell me about J Restaurant?|Absolutely, its an Asian Oriental restaurant, listed as cheap price range, & located in the centre area.  Would you like me to book a table for you?
Yes please, for 5 people at 13:00 on Tuesday.|The booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Reference number is : EIYUL9L9.
Can you book me a taxi to take me from the church to get me to the restaurant for my reservation?|No problem.  I've arranged for a blue Ford to pick you up at All Saints in time to reach the restaurant at 1 pm. The number is 07245127340. Anything else?
No that will do it. Thanks a lot. Goodbye.|you are welcome to use our services anytime.
Hi, can you help me find a guesthouse to stay at?|Definitely - Cambridge has many guesthouses. Is there a particular area or price range you had in mind?
I do not have a preference.|Do you have a price range?
I do not have a price range in mind.|Alexander bed and breakfast comes highly recommended.  It is located in the centre area and has a cheap price range, shall I book there for you?
Yes please for 2 nights starting from Sunday for 4 people. I will need a reference number.|Sure, I will work on booking that for you.
Did you get the reference number yet???|Your reservation for 4 at alexander bed and breakfast this Sunday for 3 days 2 nights was successful. Your Reference number is : 1FDBJB3A.
Thank you. I'm also looking for a place to go in the centre. I'll need the postcode for the attraction.|There are many places in the centre of town. Do you have any further preferences or would you like me to recommend one?
No preference. You pick.|old schools is my favourite. can i give you the details?
Yes I need their postcode.|Old Schools postcode is cb21tt. Will there be anything else?
Can you help me book a taxi?|What is your destination?
I need to leave the attraction by 15:15 and arrive at the hotel.|Booking completed!
Booked car type	blue honda
Contact number	07444279931
Have a nice day.|Thanks you have a nice day as well.
Thank you very much.|Ok, I have booked you a yellow volvo, contact number 07291792842, is there anything else you need?
That is all I needed thank you for your time.|I'm sorry can I help you with anything else?
No thank you. That is all.|You're welcome, glad I could help.
looking for places to go in town. The attraction should be in the type of museum|We have tons of museums to choose from. Did you have a specific area in mind?
How about centre?|The Primavera is a museum type attraction in centre. Would you like more information?
Yes, I also need the entrance fee and the number.|The primavera's entrance fee is free, its phone number is 01223357708
I also need to find a guesthouse in the moderate price range that is rated by 2 stars and will include free wifi.|we dont have that guest house within your price range. can we try any other?
Rather than a guest house, do you have a hotel that meets those specifications?|There are no 2 star hotels in the centre, but 2 in the north, are you interested in those?
How about a hotel instead of a guesthouse?|How about Lovell Lodge.  It's a hotel in the north with a 2 star rating with a moderate price range.  Can I book this for you?
No I just need an address.|lovell lodge is located at 365 milton road. The postcode is cb41sr.
Is that a hotel or a guesthouse?|Lovell Lodge is a hotel in the north in the moderate price range and a 2 star rating. Would you like a reservation?
No, get me their address instead.|Sure. Lovell Lodge is located on 365 Milton Road.  Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, that is all for today.|You're welcome, have a great day!
I am looking for a place to go in the centre of cambridge that is a museum|There are 11 museums in the centre of town. Would you like specific information about any of them?
Great! Are there any without an entrance fee?|Yes, all of have free entrance, would you like more info on them?
Which would you recommend?|The museum of archaeology and anthropology is a popular site, would like their phone number or address?
Yes, that'd be great.|The phone number is 01223333516 and the address is university of cambridge, downing street with a postcode of cb23dz. Can I help you with anything else?
yes i am also looking for an expensive hotel|What part of town would you prefer?
It doesn't matter.|There are 5 expensive hotels that I can recommend for you.  Is there anything else you would like to narrow them down?
As long as it has free wifi it's good.|How about huntingdon marriott hotel? They are located in the west and have four stars.
Any three star locations? I'd like an expensive place too.|Yes in the south I have the Lensfield Hotel. Does that interest you?
Does it have free wifi?|It does include free wifi - would you like me to book you a room?
No thank you, could you give their full address?|Their address is 53-57 lensfield road. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, I think that's everything.  Thanks very much!|Okay.  Have a great stay!
i am visiting cambridge and want to go to a theater in the east side.|I'm sorry, there aren't any theatres on the east side, but there are several in the centre and one on the south side.
Maybe a museum then?|We have four options, but i recommend the gallery at twelve a high street, would you like more information?
Yes, can I get the postcode?|Certainly. They are in postcode cb15dh. Can I assist you with something else?
Thanks. Can you help me find a restaurant called pizza hut city centre? I want to book it for 2 people this wednesday at 18:00. And I'll need a reference number|Booked. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number: 3BOBENIO.
Great, thank you that was all I needed today!|Thanks for letting Cambridge TownInfo centre assist with your trip! Have a great one.
I am looking for places to go in the centre of town.|What types of attractions are you interested in going to?
I don't know.  Can you make some suggestions?|There are many churches in the area to check out.
A church sounds great.  It doesn't matter what type church it is.  Will you pick one and send me the address including the postcode?|The address to all saints church is 	jesus lane.
Can you also find me a restaurant?|What type of food would you like?
Reservation for 3 at 13:00 on Saturday at the Ugly Duckling. Please provide reference number. Book a taxi to arrive before the booked time. Phone number and car type.|I have booked a table for 1300, for 3 people at the Ugly Duckling, reference #JBZ7ORDO. Where do you need the taxi to meet you?
At the church  going to the restaurant, would like to get there before the reserved time of 13:00|I've arranged for the taxi to get you to the restaurant by 12:45. You'll be picked up in a Black Honda. The contact number is 07690050237.
Alright thank you very much.|I hope you have a pleasant stay!
Hello, I'm looking for a place to go in the north. Could you suggest some places?|Milton Country Park is in the north and has free admission.
Can I get the phone number please?|Absolutely. Their phone number is 01223420060. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Yea I also need a train that goes to cambridge and should leave after 17:30.|What day will you be traveling, and where would you like to depart from?
I'm leaving Kings Lynn on Wednesday.|Is there a time you would liek to arrive by?
Arrival time does not matter, just leave after 17:30|How many people would you like to book?
I need to book for two people and I need the reference number.|I have a train leaving at 18:11. Will that do?
That would work.  Can you book that please?|You train has been booked. Total fee is 19.6 GBP which is payable at the station. Your reference number is 5PVB9XYJ.
Perfect!  That is all I needed.  Thank you for the help.  Goodbye!|You're welcome. Have a nice day.
Can you assist me to find places in the centre part of town to go to?|Absolutely. What type of attraction are you interested in?
I am studying to be an architect so something having to do with that would be great.|great saint mary's church is in the centre area. would you like some information about that choice?
I actually would like something in the south.|Okay there isn't any in the south.
How about a cinema in the south?|I'd recommend cineworld cinema. Would you like more information on it?
Yes, can I get the address and postcode please.|They are located at cambridge leisure park, clifton way, postcode cb17dy, can I assist with anything else?
Yes, thanks.  I also need a train; can you help me with that?|Where is your destination that your traveling to?
I will be traveling to cambridge from birmingham new street.|which day do you want to travel?
I would like to travel on Monday, please.|Okay, there are a lot of trains going to Cambridge on Monday.  Do you have a preferred departure or arrival time?
it should arrive 09:45. get me the price|The price of the train is 75.10 pounds.
That is all. thank you very much.|You're welcome, have a great day.
Hi, I would like info about museums I could visit on the west side.|Sure, there are several. Most are free.  My favorite one with free admission is Kettle's Yard on Castle Street.  It is on the West side, is that area ok?
That one sounds great. Can you give the address and hours?|The address is castle street and the phone number is 01223748100.
Great, thanks!  I also need a place to stay, I'd prefer a guesthouse.|I found 24 guest houses for you. Any particular area you have in mind?
Yes please. The north side of town and only 4 star guesthouses please.|There are 8 guesthouses on the north side of town. May I suggest Acorn Guest House or Arbury Lodge Guesthouse? Both are moderate price range with 4 stars. Which would you like?
The acorn please. can you book that?|Sure, how many days will you be staying and how many people in the room?
Actually, I'll hold off on booking for the moment, but could I also get information about a taxi.|Sure what would you like to know?
first of all does the guesthouse have free internet? That is important. First things first.|Yes it has free parking and internet.
Okay. I need a taxi between the hotel and the museum.|What time would you like to leave or arrive by?
I would like to leave the museum by 16:00, please.|Ok to be clear what is your destination and your departure locations?
Don't you have access to my previous requests?  It would be from Kettle's Yard to the acorn guest house and I need to leave by 16:00.|Yes expect a red Ford to pick you up and his contact number will be 07816413809.
Sounds great! I think I have everything I need now. Thanks for all your help.|Please let us know if we can assist you in the future. Have a great trip to Cambridge. Goodbye.
I would like to find a guesthouse in Cambridge that has free wifi.|I have 32 hotels. Do you have any other preferences?
I'm looking for a guesthouse in the cheap price range.|In what area of town would you like it to be?
I don't have a preference but I would like free wifi, parking in a guesthouse in the cheap price range.|I found 9 hotels that meet your criteria. Do you have a preference on the hotels star rating?
No, I don't have any preference on star rating.  Whichever one that meets my previous criteria would be great.|I recommend the Allenbell. Would you like me to book a room for you?
No, but could you give me their address, phone number, and post code?|The address is at 517a coldham lane, postcode is cb13js, and the phone number is 01223210353. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
I'm looking for somewhere to go in the western part of town, I'm a big sports fan so it should involve any type of sport.|Are only multiple sports center is the cherry hinton village centre in the east, would you care for that or something else in the west?
That is fine, I just need to know the entrance fee please.|I don't have any information about the entrance fee. I'm sure you could call and ask them. Their phone number is 01223576412.
Okay thank you.  That was all I needed to know.  Goodbye.|Thank you, I hope you have a pleasant stay!
i am looking for attractions in the centre part of town.|There are lots of attractions in the centre! Do you have a specific type in mind?
Not really. Would you be able to recommend one?|All Saints Church has great architecture and is free.
Sounds great. Can I get their address and phone number please?|All Saints is on jesus lane, phone is 01223452587
I am also looking for an Indian restaurant in the same area.|There are several, do you have a particular price range in mind?
No. As long as its in the same area, please book me a table for 2 at 15:00 for monday.|Great!  How about the golden curry, expensive price range restaurant in city centre.  I have made reservations as requested. Your reference #aycp806a.  Will this work?
Yes, thanks! Can I also get a taxi from All Saints to the Golden Curry? I need to make sure I make it there by the reservation time.|You're all set!  You'll be picked up by a blue Volvo; the contact number is 07138116280.  Can I help you with anything else?
No, thank you. I think I have everything I need at this time.|Thank you for using our services. Have a wonderful day!
I'm looking for a hotel in East Cambridge.|I have 7 results. 6 guesthouse and 1 hotel. Would you like to narrow it down by price.
Sure, is there anything in the cheap price range?|I have 3 that are cheap, the Allenbell, Autumn House, and the Leverton house.  Do you want to pick one and I will book it for you?
It isn't important that the hotel have free parking.|All of them have free parking. Would you like me to book you at the allenbell?
Could you please tell me the star of the hotel?|The allenbell has 4 stars. Would you like me to book a reservation for you?
That would be great!|Okay, what day would you like to book for? I also need to know your length of stay and how many people will be in your group.
I actually don't need to book. Could you just just give me the star rating, postcode and phone number please.|The Allenbell has 4 stars, its postcode is cb13js, and their phone number is 01223210353. Can I help with anything else today?
That is all I needed, thank you.|Thank you!  We are always here to assist you.
Can you tell me about Jesus college?|Certainly. Jesus College is in the Centre of town, on Jesus Lane, CB48BL. There is no entrance fee. Their number is 01223339485 if you'd like additional information. Anything else today?
No. that will be all. Thank you.|Thank you for using our system.
I'm also looking for a place to stay.|I have lots of options. Can you tell me more about your preferences?
I'm looking for somewhere moderately priced with wifi.|Which area of the city would you like to stay in?
The south. I'd like a 3 star place if you can find one.|Bridge Guest house is moderately priced and rated 3 stars.  It is in the South.  Would you like to book a room?
If it offers free Wifi, sure. I need a single for 3 nights starting Thursday.|Ok great, your room has been successfully booked.  Your reference number is X33X44F6.  Is there anything else I can help you with?
Can you find me a taxi to commute between the hotel and Jesus College?|Can you tell me at what time you will be needing taxi service, please?
Yes, I want to be picked up at the hotel no later than 11:00.|Your taxi was booked! The car type is yellow ford and the contact number is 07799391309.
Thanks so much. That was it for me for today. Have a good night. Bye.|Thank you for using Help Desk. Have a great day.
Can you provide information about Clare Hall?|it is a college situated in the west, do you need the address?
I just need the area it is located in and the phone number please.|It's located in the west and the phone number is 01223332360. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
I am also looking for a restaurant in the centre in the expensive price range.|I have many restaurants. Is there a type of food you would enjoy?
I really love mexican. Do you have one that serves that?|unfortunately, i do not. are there other cuisines that you like?
okay, how about indian food.|Curry Garden is a nice indian restaurant in the Centre. Should I book you any tables?
That sounds nice, can I get their phone number please?|Sure, the phone number  is 01223302330.  Is there something else I can help you with today?
Can you also book a cab to get me to the restaurant in time for my reservation?|No, problem, I just need to know what time you wish to get there and where you'll be arriving from.
I want to leave the restaurant by 11:45. Going to Clare Hall.|Okay, you'll be picked by a black lexus. Their contact number is 07229815705
Wonderful, you made me excited for this trip now can't wait!,  That is everything, thank you.|You are very welcome. Goodbye.
I'm looking for some boats in the East, actually.|The camboats are located in the east, how's that?
That might be good. What is the entrance fee?|I do not have information on the fee.
Ok, thank you. I'm also looking for a restaurant called don pasquale pizzeria.|Don Pasquale is in the centre. Would you like me to make a reservation?
Yes, please. For 5 people at 14:00 on monday.|Your booking was successful with reference number 1RF57JD7.  Oh, by the way, your table will be reserved for 15 minutes.  Enjoy!
Thank you for the reference number. Goodbye!|Have a lovely stay in Cambridge!
Yes, I need a hotel that offers free wifi & parking.|There are 8 to choose from with your preference. Is there a certain area or price range you'd prefer?
I need one in the moderate price range and a guesthouse would be great.|I have 12 results here. Do you prefer one with a certain number of stars or in a certain area?
Not really. Is there one you would recommend for someone who was never been to Cambridge before?|I think acorn guest house would be perfect. Would you like more information?
No, I would like you to book 3 people for 3 nights starting on friday.|Okay, you're all set! Your reference number is IGONQKG9. Would you like anything else?
whats the entrance fee and post code.?|cb41da is the postcode
I'm looking for a moderately priced steakhouse.|I'm sorry there are no moderate priced steakhouses, would you like to try another price range?
I'm sorry. Can you check the south and see if there is one?|I'm sorry there are still no matches. Would you like me to check for a different type of food?
Sure, are there any moderately priced Italain restaurants in the south?|Yes, I have a match. There is a Pizza Hut Cherry Hilton. Would you like the address and phone number?
I think I can find it.  Could you book a table for 8 on Friday for 16:45?|You're all set. Your reference number is UTUFXTA1.
Great! Thank you!|You're welcome they will hold the table for 15 minutes. Would you like anything else today?
I am also looking for an attraction in the same are.|I have eight attractions in that area.  What type of attraction would you prefer?
I don't have a preference can you make a suggestion?|I would recommend tenpin it is entertainment.
That sounds good can I get the postcode and phone number?|Their postcode is cb17dy and their phone number is 08715501010.
I'll a taxi to get between the 2 places.|I can help with that.  What time do you want to depart?
it will be late at night around 22:00|I have booked your taxi. Be expecting a yellow Toyota. Please call 07036604181 should you need to reach them.
Thank you so much, Have a great Day!|You're welcome! Likewise!
I'd like to find an attraction in the centre of town, please.|Of course! What type of attraction did you have in mind?
Do you have any swimming pools? I might want to go swimming.|Parkside swimming pool is in the cenre area.  Will that work for  you?
Yes, that would work for me. Can I get their address please?|The address is gonville place, phone number is 01223446100.  I'm not showing if there is an entrance fee.  Is there something else I can help you with today?
I also need to find a Guesthouse to stay in while visiting.|We have many fine guesthouses in town. Is there a particular area or price range you have in mind?
I would like free parking and free wifi.|That gives us about 21 options. Is there a price range you prefer so that we can narrow the choices down?
Not really. Please give me a recommendation|How about the Artchway House in the north? It is a moderately priced 4 star hotel with free wifi and parking. Would you like me to make a reservation?
Yes can you book that for 5 people and 4 nights starting from sunday?|Success! Your reference number is PWUYRMWP. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I also need to book a taxi, can you help me. I need to leave the hotel by 4:15.|A white Ford will pick you up at the hotel at 4:15 and take you to the pool. Contact number is 07909004029. Can I help you with anything else today?
Nah, you've been a great help mate. Thanks a million.|I hope you enjoy your stay.  Have a good day.
Hello there, when I visit Cambridge, I'd love to go to a college. Are there any in the centre?|Yes, there are 5 in that area. I could recommend christ's college or corpus christi.
Corpus Christi is fine.  May I have the address and phone number?  What is the entrance fee?|Sure, the entrance fee is free. The phone number is 01223334900, and their address is Saint Andrew's street with the postcode of cb23bu. Is there anything else I can do?
Yes, I am looking for a place to stay. Can you recommend a 2 star hotel?|There is Ashley Hotel, Express by holiday inn cambridge, and lovell lodge. Which would you like to book?
I'm not looking to book just now, but are any of those a bit more moderately priced? I'm on a budget.|Ashley Hotel is in the moderate price range. Their address is 74 Chesterton Road and the number is 01223350059. Anything else I can assist you with, today?
Yes, sorry, I'm getting more information from my group just now. If the Ashley has wifi, can you please book a stay for 7 for 2 nights, starting Friday?|Yes, there is WI-fi, however, that hotel is not available for these days.  Can I book a different day or a shorter stay?
Yeah, try shortening the stay to one night only.|I was able to book you for friday. Your reference number is J4WC147. Is there anything else I can help you with?
That's all I needed! Thank you|My pleasure.  Enjoy your visit to Cambridge!  Goodbye.
How many museums are in town?|We have 23 museums here.
Could you choose the best and give me their phone number?|The Cambridge Artworks is on the east side of town and their phone number is 01223902168. Can I help you with anything else?
Yes, I am also looking for a place to stay.|What area would you like it to be in?
I would like the centre.|Would you like a guesthouse or a hotel, and what's your price range?
A hotel please.  I don't care about price.  I do want free parking and 0 stars.|I am sorry but I can find no matching hotels for your request.  Would you like to try a guesthouse or a different star rating?
How about one that has a star of 4?|university arms hotel meets your requirements.
Ok that will work I need the phone number please.|Yes, their phone number is 01223351241.
Thanks a lot.|Can I look up anything else for you?
Nope.  That is all I needed.  Thanks!|Hope you have a wonderful stay here in Cambridge!
Hello, can you give me information on williams art and antiques? I need their address, phone, and postcode please. Is there an admission fee? Will I need taxi from Cambridge?|That museum is located in the centre and is free admission.
what is their postcode?|The address for Williams art is gwydir street, no. 5 dale's brewery with postcode cb12lj
Thank you, I need to find an Indian restaurant in the south that is expensive.|The Taj Tandoori meets all your requirements, should I go ahead and book it for you?
Yes, book it please and can I have the address. Thank you|The address is 64 Cherry Hinton Road Cherry Hinton.
Thanks, I'm all set now. Take care!|Thanks for using Cambridge TownInfo centre. Have a wonderful trip!
I'm looking for architecture in the centre of town. Can you help me with this?|Certainly. There are four churches and a school you could visit.
What is the entrance fee for the school?|For the school it is free.
Could I also get the phone number for the school?|the phone number for old schools is 01223332320
Can i get the post code too please?|Yes the postal code is cb21tt.
Ok, I'm also looking for a cheap place to grab some food. Maybe carribean?|We do not have any Caribbean options here, can I lookup another cuisine type or narrow it down by anything else?
Hmmm how about Italian then|There are 15 Italian restaurants in the city, could you give me a preferred location, so I can narrow the options down?
I just want a cheap italian place. Choose one you recommend for me. Then I need help reserving it.|I recommend dining at ask. How many people for your reservation, and what day and time?
6 on Thursday at 16:45 please|You are booked and your booking reference number is I3JNKDOD.
I will also need a taxi.|Okay, when and where are you going?
Old schools to the restaurant.|What time would you like the taxi?
I would like to make sure the taxi arrives at the restaurant by my 16:45 reservation.|Your all set, a yellow lexus will be picking you up in time for your reservation the contact number is 07323746090, is there anything else?
Thank you for your help today, I do not need anything else.|You are welcome enjoy
I want to know about the Cambridge and County Folk Museum|It is a lovely museum located in the west part of town, at 2-3 castle street.  Can I get a phone number for you?
No but I do need the address please.|The address is 2-3 castle street.
Great!  I also need a moderately priced hotel that is in the east.  Can you help?|Is free paring and internet important to you?
Free wifi would be great. I don't care about the parking.|I found a few guesthouses.  Would that type of room be ok with you?
are any of them a 4 star?|I have three that are 4 star. Shall I book one?
Yes, please book for 5 people and 2 nights starting on wednesday.|Okay, I recommend the Warkworth House. I want to make sure this is okay with you before I go ahead and make a reservation.
Yes, that sounds great. Can I please have the reference number as well?|Your reservations have been made for five people for two nights beginning Wednesday.
We want info about a particular attraction, Christ's college.|Christ's College is located on Saint Andrew's Street.  For additional information, the phone number is 01223334900.  It has free admission.
What area is that in?|It's right in the center of town.
Can you help me find a restaurant as well?|Sure, I can help you with that.  What kind of food were you looking for?
What was Christ's College's address please?|Yes, Christ's College is on saint andrew's street. What type of food would you like to eat at the restaurant?
I'm sorry, I'm so confused and stressed from planning this trip. I do not need a restaurant, I need a train for Saturday.|Where are you departing from and where would you like to go?
I'm departing london liverpool street on Saturday and I want to be in Cambridge by 13:45.|Train #TR4330 leaves at 11:39 and arrives in Cambridge at 13:07. Would you like to book a ticket?
No, that will be all for today. Thank you so much!|Thank you for calling. Please call back if there's anything else we can do for you. Goodbye.
I am looking for a hotel to stay at in Cambridge, at least a 4 star place please|I've found 3 total entries for what you're searching for. The hotels are all 4 stars and ranges from cheap to expensive. It can be filtered down more to include prices.
are any of them on the north side of town?|No, sorry. Would you like me to try searching for something else?
Can you check the north side for other hotels?|Yes I can search for other hotels, do you want to change the star from 4?
i'd prefer a 4 star in the north|I'm sorry there are still no matching results. I can try a different part of town if you would like.
Is there possibly a guest house?  I need free parking also.|There are a number of guesthouses in that area with 4 stars. Do you have a price preference?
No, no price preference. What do you recommend?|I'd suggest Acorn Guest House. It is a moderate priced guesthouse in the north with 4 stars. Would you like me to book any rooms?
Yes for 7 for 2 nights starting sunday, need the ref # too please|Your booking for 7 people at acorn guest house this sunday for 3 days 2 nights was successful. Your Reference number is : J5ZLG2WN. Will you need anything further today?
Yes, please. Are there any park attractions in the same area as the Acorn Guest House?|Yes, Milton Country Park.  It is located at Milton Country Park, Milton, postcode cb46az.
Can I have their phone number, please?|Sure! Their phone number is 01223420060. Is there anything else I can do for you?
That is all I needed. Thanks a bunch. Bye.|Thanks for letting us assist you today! Enjoy your visit!
Howdy! I'd like to go to a museum.|We have 23 museums in Cambridge. Could you help me narrow down your search with an area or price range?
Could you recommend one to me? I am not looking for one in particular. May i also have it's postcode?|Sure, Cambridge Artworks Museum is on Greens Road, post code cb13ef.  Is there anything I else I can help you with today?
Can you recommend an expensive guesthouse?|Unfortunately, I don't have any guesthouses that are in the expensive range. Is there any other price range you would consider?
I'm looking for a 0 star guesthouse in the north.|There are no zero star places in that area, can I checked another area for you or another star rating place?
How about one in the cheap price range?|There is the City Centre North B and B.  Would you like me to book this for you?
If you could, that would be awesome.|I believe that's your job, right? Could you book it for me?
Is that in the cheap price range?|Yes. I can go ahead and book that for you if you can give me the the days you'd like to stay.
Can I book for 8 people for 3 nights starting Tuesday?|Unfortunately I was not able to book that time slot for you. is there another day you would like to try?
Looks like there's some confusion. I need the hotel on Tuesday, for 3 nights, and 8 people. If that doesn't work, try 2 nights instead.|Okay, I was able to book you for 2 nights with 8 people at City Centre North B and B. Your reference number is NXW9XX08. Is there anything else?
Thank you. No, that will be all.|Great! Thanks for using our service.
Sure.  Have a nice day.|You as well! Goodbye!
I am looking for an attraction called great saint mary's church.|great saint mary's church is at Market Square, their phone number is 01223350914, and their postcode is cb23pq. Do you need any more information?
Is there price for admission? what type of attraction is it?|It's the architecture type and there is a 2 pound entrance fee.
OK thank you.   I also need a place to dine that serves austrian and that is cheap.|Unfortunately there is not a cheap Austrian restaurant in the area, is there another type of food you would like?
What about Chinese food?|As for chinese food, I have 4 different restaurants. There are several in the centre of town and 1 in the south. Do you have a preference?
The one in the south will do. Could you give me their postcode and phone number please?|Sure, it's the lucky star Phone number is 01223244277, and postcode is cb17dy. Can I book a table for you?
I can book it myself, thanks. However, I will need a taxi from great saint mary's church to the lucky star.|I can help with that. Do you have a departure or arrival time in mind?
I would like to leave the church by 24:30.|Is there a time you would like to arrive by?
Nope, I just need to get there eventually! Please send me the contact number and car type when you get the chance, thanks!|The car type is a Black Lexus and you can contact the driver at 07315214015. Anything more today?
No, I think you covered it. Thanks!|You're welcome! Have a great day!
I am looking for a place to stay in the centre of town that includes free wifi.|I have 2 cheap guesthouses and moderate to expensive hotels in the center of town. Do you have a preference?``
Moderate would be best.|Cityroomz, located at Sleeperz Hotel on Station Road is moderately priced. Would you like me to book a room?
Do they offer free wifi? If so, I would like to have the address, please.|Yes, they offer free WiFi to guests. The address is: sleeperz hotel, station road. Anything else I can get you?
i also looking for places to go in town.The attraction should be in the type of entertainment and should be in the same area as the hotel|There is no entertainment in the same area would you like somewhere else
Okay, could you look for one that is architecture instead?|There are actually 5 architectures in the area. Would you consider the all saints church?
sounds good. Does it have an entrance fee?|no, all saints church is free of entrance.
That's all i need. you have been very helpful. Thank you so much!|You're welcome. Have fun in Cambridge!
Hi, I'm looking for information on concert halls in the east. Can you give me any suggestions?|I'm afraid I didn't find any. Would you like to look in another area?
Yes an you check the south please?|unfortunately there isn't anything in that area either. would you like to try another location?
how about just entertainment instead?|I have two entertainment venues in the south.  I have Nusha and Tenpin.  Would you like their phone numbers?
could you please provide the phone number, postcode, and entrance fee for each.|The tenpin is located at cambridge leisure park, clifton way. The phone number is 08715501010 and the post cod is cb17dy.
I also need a guesthouse with free wifi.|I have several guesthouses available. What area of town would you like?
Any area will do. Is there a cheap one that's 4 stars, with wifi?|We have several options that match your criteria across town. Before I recommend something, please tell me your budget range
I just need it to be cheap and available on Tuesday.|There are 7 options available. Would you like to narrow it down by area?
can't you suggest one and book a room for 2 for 5 nights starting tues. please.|I booked you a room at the Alexander Bed and Breakfast in Centre. The reference number is WA6812S5. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
I need a taxi from the attraction to the hotel, I want to leave the attraction by 06:15.|Booking completed!
Booked car type	:	grey bmw
Contact number	:	07479503082
Can i help with anything else?
That is all, thank you.|You are welcome.  Have a nice time in Cambridge.  Bye.
I'm looking for an attraction called whale of a time.|Yes, Whale of a Time is entertainment located in the west on Unit 8, Viking Way, Bar Hill. Their phone number is 01954781018.
What is the postcode?|The postcode is cb238el
Great Thank you. I also need to look for a train departing from Ely to Cambridge on a Tuesday.|I can help with that.  What time did you need to travel?
I need to leave after 11:30 please.|The TR3412 leaves at 11:35, arriving at 11:52. Will that work?
Yes, that will work for me.|Would you like me to book this then?
Yes please book this train and give me the reference number.|How many tickets will you need?
I need 4 tickets, please.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 17.6 GBP payable at the station .
Reference number is : MM13YYHP. Can I help you with anything else today?
Thank you so much. That will be all today. Goodbye|Thank you and have a nice day.
I'm trying to see if they serve drinks on the Riverboat Georgina|Unfortunately, I do not know if they serve drinks on the Riverboat Georgina. Would you like their phone number?
Actually, that's ok. I can find out later. But can you tell me what attraction type they are?|Riverboat georgina is a boat.
Can you tell me what area they are in and what their postcode is please?|They are in the north and their postcode is cb43ax
I bet I'll be hungry after visiting the Georgina so can you please find me a  chinese restaurant in the centre?|sure! i have 10 options for you in that area.
Thank you, the restaurant should be in the expensive price range.|I have 4 listings that meet your criteria. Ugly Duckling, Tang Chinese, HK Fusion, and Sesame Restaurant and Bar. Would you like more information on one of these?
Yes, give me the address and phone number to the ugly duckling plox|The ugly duckling is at 12 St. Johns Street City Centre, cb21tw. I'm afraid I don't have a phone.
Can you book me a taxi to go from the restaurant to riverboat? I want to leave the restaurant by 22:45.|I can book that taxi. I need the departure site, the arrival location and travel time.
I'd like to leave the restaurant by 22:45, please. I don't care about the arrival time.|Could you tell me where you would like to go after the ugly duckling?
I'm going to riverboat georgina.|Your taxi has been booked. You will be picked up in a yellow Ford. The contact number is 07130797205. Can I be of further assistance, today?
No thank you. That is all.|Okay!  If there's anything else you need, please just call us back.  Goodbye.
I am looking for places to go on the south side of town.  Can you help me with that?|Sure. Would you like to go to a cinema, museum, nightclub, park, theater, or to see some entertainment?
Pick a place for me. I need the postcode.|There is a cinema Cineworld cinema with postcode cb17dy.
Actually, could you find me a park, instead?|Okay great! There's sheep's green and lammas land  park fen causeway or wandlebury country park. Both have free entrance fees.
That is perfect!  Can you give me the postcode for the sheep's green park?  That's in the south area right?|Sheep's Green is indeed in the south. The postcode is cb22ad.
I am also looking for a train departing from Cambridge to Stansted airport on Thursday. The train should depart after 08:15. I also need the train ID and price.|Trian TR7924 leaves the station at 08:40. Price for 1 ticket is 10.1 GBP.
Okay that's all I needed, thank you!|You're welcome! Have a great day!
Hello, I would like information on Milton County Park.|Milton county park is in the north side area and their phone number is 01223420060. Their address is Milton county park, Milton and postcode is cb46az with free entrance fee.
Yes thank you! That is all I needed.|I am glad I could be of assistance. Have a good day!
Sorry, also, I need information on the Alexander Bed and Breakfast.|Sure it is a guesthouse in the centre, it is priced cheap with 4 stars, it has internet and free parking.
Perfect. I was curious about how many stars they had. Thanks so much for the information.|Would you like me to book you into alexander bed and breakfast? I will need the details of your stay.
Maybe. How many stars is the hotel rated?|It's rated 4 stars. Is there any other information you'd like about the Alexander Bed and Breakfast to make your decision?
No I need some time to consider my choices. Thank you for your help today. That is all the information I need.|Okay.  If you need any help with reservations, please give me a call back.
Thank you for your help.  I will.|Thank you for contacting Cambridge TownInfo centre. Goodbye!
Can you tell me a little about the clare college?|Clare College is, obviously, a college located on the west side. Address is trinity lane, postcode cb21tl. Phone is 01223333200. There is an entrance fee of 2.50 pounds for events there.
Thank you so much!|You're welcome. Can I help you with anything else today?
Yes what restaurants are in the west area in the expensive price range?|There are many to choose from. What sounds good? British, European, Indian or Thai?
Don't care as long as it's expensive and in the west side.|I suggest the graffiti that serves british food. Would you like me to make a reservation for you?
No, but I'd like their number and address please.|Sure, the phone number is 01223277977 and their address is Hotel Felix Whitehouse Lane Huntingdon Road.
Thank you for all your help today! Goodbye|My pleasure! Have a wonderful day and thank you for contacting Cambridge TownInfo centre.
I am looking for places to go in Cambridge.  I was thinking about visiting a college.  Any suggestions?|Would you be interested in visiting Christ's college located in the city centre on Saint Andrew's Street?
That sounds great, I'll need the address and entrance fee information, please.|Certainly, Christ's College is free and located at Saint Andrew's Street, cb23bu. Is there anything else I can help with today?
Can you help me find the Limehouse hotel?|Sure can. It's a moderately priced, 4 star guest house at 78-80 milton road.
Does the hotel have free wi-fi?|Yes it does and parking. Would you like me to book a room for you?
No thank you I just need their postcode and phone number please.|The post code is cb42je. The phone number is 01223300552.
that is all for now. thanks for your help.|Thanks for using this service. Have a nice day.
i'm  looking for places to go in town.|Sure, I can help you with that.  Were you looking for a specific part of town?
In the east, please.|Is there a certain type of place you are looking for?
I would like a cheap place to stay at with 5 stars.|I'm sorry, but there are no 5-star accommodations in all of Cambridge.
Are there any 4 star places I can stay? I also need free internet.|Which area would you like to be in?
I am not particular.|How about Alexander Bed and Breakfast, in the Centre part of town?
Yes, I want that from Sunday on for 4 nights. 3 people will be staying.|Alright you are booked and good to go! Here is your reference number V84DYHI3. Is their anything else I can help you with?
Thank you that will be all I need today?|You're welcome, have a great day!
I'm looking for a train departing from cambridge going to birmingham new street.|Please let me know what time you would like to arrive or when you would like to depart.
I need to leave after 11:15 on Sunday.|Train TR0686 will work for you. Would you like me to book you passage?
Not yet.  What time will that arrive in Birmingham?|Train TR0686 will arrive at Birmingham New Street at 14:44.
Okay what is the price per ticket?|The price per ticket is 60.08 pounds, how many travelers will be requiring tickets?
No tickets yet. But I do need info on a swimming pool in the north. I you could recommend one?|Okay I have two to choose from. Would you like me to recommend one to you?
Yes please. I'll also need the entrance fee, post code and address.|which one would you like jesus green outdoor pool or kings hedges learner pool?
The outdoor pool please.|jesus green outdoor pool is located between victoria road and the river, cb43px. Phone number is 01223302579. I'm afraid I don't have an entrance fee listed though.
That's okay. That will be it. Thanks for all your help!|thank you. Is there anything else?
No, that is all the help I need for today. Thanks again!|You're very welcome. Please contact us again, if we can be of further assistance.
I am looking for a portuguese place to dine in the south.|I'd recommend nandos. Would you like to make a reservation?
Is this in the cheap price range?|Yes, Nando's is a cheaper restaurant. Would you like me to reserve a table for you?
Yes please. I need it for tuesday.|I can do that. How many people should I list on the reservation and what time do you want to dine?
For 5 people at 16:00, please.|Reference number is : XIVIWPP2. Anything else?
I would like to go to a nightclub in the same area as the restaurant.|I found the place located at 22 sidney street.
Great, thanks! Thats all I need. Goodbye.|You're welcome. Thank you for using our service.
I'm looking for a train that goes to Stevenage and arrives before 10:30. Is there anything like that available?|Yes, there are three trains per day that would work for you. When will you be traveling?
I am leaving Cambridge on Thursday.|The TR0552 arrives in Stevenage by 9:21 and costs 12.80 pounds.  Shall I book a ticket for you?
No, that is all the information I needed.  Thank you for your help!|You are welcome! Thank you for contacting the Cambridge TownInfo centre.
I really would like to go to an attraction in the east area. Something fun maybe?|I have ten places in that area, what type do you prefer?
No, surprise me! I would just like the entrance fee, attraction type, and postcode, please.|The Cambridge Artworks is a great museum in the east. They are at 5 Greens Road. They offer free admission. Their postcode is cb13ef. Can I help with anything else?
No thanks, that is everything.|Thank you for contacting Cambridge TownInfo centre. Goodbye!
Hi, I am interested in finding attractions on the west side of town.|How about Magdalene College and Cafe Jello Gallery (13 Magdalene St), both free and on Magdalene St?
That's great. What time does each attraction open?|Sorry, I don't have that information. You can call them to find out. 01223332138 and 01223312112 are the phone numbers.
Can you tell me what type of attraction Cafe Jello Gallery is please?  I also want to find an indian restaurant.|Cafe Jello Gallery is a museum. There are 22 Indian restaurants in Cambridge, do you have a preferred price range or area?
Great thank you, I am also looking for an expensive Indian place to eat|I've got 14 expensive Indian restaurants. Is there a particular part of town you'd like to eat in?
I would prefer to eat in the same area as Cafe Jello Gallery.|Okay, how about the Tandoori Palace?  It's in the same area.
Sounds great! Could I book a reservation for 6 people at 13:30 on wednesday?|I'm sorry, but you'll have to book at another time slot. What other time slot would you like to book at?
Let's try 12:30 then.|No problem.  Your table is booked at 12:30 on Wednesday.
What is the reference number for the reservation?|Your reference number is SRC2I813, your table will be held for 15 mins.  Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Yes.  I need a taxi to take me from the museum to the restaurant.|Could you please tell me what time you want to leave or what time you want to arrive so I can book the taxi for you?
I will need to arrive at Tandoori Palace by 12:30 please.|I have confirmed your booking a white audi will be picking you up.  Their contact number is 07621830686.  Do you need help with anything else?
.
No, I think that's everything.  Thank you so much.|Okay great. Glad i could be of help.
I am looking for information in Cambridge.|Sure, what type of information?
I'm looking for places to go in the centre.|There are a lot of options, what types of places did you have in mind?
I'm looking for a museum in the centre of town|There are several but I would recommend Castle Galleries.
What is the entrance fee?|They offer free entrance. Is there anything else I can do for you?
I also need to get a train on thursday departing cambridge.|Where will you go?
Oops, before we move on to the train, I forgot to ask - what is the address and postcode for Castle Galleries?|They are located at unit su43, grande arcade, saint andrews street, postcode cb23bj.
Thank you. I also need a train for thursday.|I will work on getting this booked for you.
I'd like to leave on Thursday and depart from Cambridge.  Arriving by 9:45 in Leicester.|Booking was successful,  train ID	TR5903 the total fee is 37.79 GBP payable at the station .
Reference number is : UQ3WNX7B.
find me the departure time please|it will leave at 05:21.
Okay. Thank you for your help.|Can I help you with anything else today?
No, that will be all. Thanks for your help.|I am glad I can help enjoy !
Have a great day.|Thank you for using our services. Have a great day!
Hello, I'm looking for an attraction that is in the type of multiple sports and is located in the centre.|I'm sorry. There is no multiple sports attraction in the center of town.
No problem, are there any college places?|christ's college is in the centre, as are many other college's in fact.
Please pick one, and tell me the entrance fee and post code.|Emmanuel college is free to visit and the postal code is cb23ap.
I also need a moderate place to stay, with free parking.|There are 4 places to stay in the Centre area two are guesthouses and two are hotels. Do you have a type preference or price range?
I am looking for a moderately priced hotel, that has a 4 star rating.|I'm afraid we don't have any like that in the center. There's a cheap 4-star guesthouse and an expensive 4-star hotel. Would either of those work for you?
Does it have free wifi at least?|They both have free wifi and parking. Would you like me to book one for you?
Book it!  Need 3 people for 5 nights starting Friday.  Thank you.|I booked 3 nights for 5 people at university arms hotel beginning friday.  They are located at regent street and the phone number is 01223351241.
Awesome! Thanks for your help!|You are quite welcome. Will you need a taxi to the hotel?
Yes please. I want to leave the attraction no later than 22:45.|Booking completed! Look for a black toyota at 22:45. Contact number	:	07067597569
Thanks for your help. That's all I need.|You're welcome, let me know if I can help again.
Bye, take care|Goodbye! Have a great stay in Cambridge!
hi am looking for a train leaving broxbourne at 11:00.|There are no trains leaving at exactly 11:00.  Is a train leaving Friday at 11:32 okay?
That should be fine, can you book that on thursday to cambridge?|Yes, I can. How many tickets do you require?
One ticket, please.|The price of the ticket is 17.90 pounds, shall I book it for you now?
Yes, please. I'm also looking a ticket to the Scott Polar Museum|Okay you're all set for your train ticket. Also the Scott Polar Museum is free! Would you like their address or phone number?
no, just the postcode|Sure, the postcode of the Scott Polar Museum is cb21er. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No, I think that's all that I'm looking for. Thank you very much for the help.|You're welcome. Enjoy your time!
Thank you so much for the assistance!|Excellent. I hope you have a great time!
Can you tell me more about gourmet burger kitchen? Where is it?|They are in the towns centre. Expensive but worth every penny. Would you like to book a table?
Yes please, a table for 6 people at 13:15 on Tuesday would be amazing.|I have that table reserved. Your reference number is K94DWSQN. Can I help you with a taxi or hotel room?
What can you tell me about attractions in the south part of town?|We have 8 attractions in the south part of town. Do you have a preference of type?
no, not really.  What are entrance fees on the 8 attractions?|Unfortunately, we do not have information on several of them. But, Byard Art, Wandlebury Country Park, and Sheep's Green and Lammas Land Park are all free admission attractions.
How about the postcode and attraction type for Byard Art?|Postcode, cb21sj, and the type is museum. Is there anything else I may help you with?
I need a taxi from Byard Art that will get us to the restaurant on time.|I have booked you a taxi that will get you there by 13:15. The car type is a blue Tesla and the contact number 07664553144. Can I do anything else?
No, that's all I need for now. you've been very helpful. Thanks.|You're welcome. Have a great day!
Thanks, I'm all done here.|Enjoy yourself.You can call us if you need anything else
I need a train from Ely to Cambridge please|Sure, when will you be traveling?
I'll be leaving after 19:00 on Monday. What are my options?|There are 3 trains that fit that search. They leave at 19:35, 21:35, and 23:35. Can I book one for you?
I will take the one that leaves at 19:35. Can you tell me how long the travel time is?|The travel time for that route is 17 minutes. Is there any other information you need?
Could you recommend a museum in the east?|There are four museums in the East, the Cambridge Artworks, Gallery at twelve a high street and Saint Barnabas Press Gallery are all Free. Cambridge Museum of Technology charges 5 pounds.
Can you give me the postcode of The Cambridge Artworks?|The postcode is cb13ef. Is there anything else I can help you with?
That is all, thanks for your help.|Glad I could help. Have a great day!
Can you help me find a moderately priced guesthouse?|We have 15 guesthouses in that price range, any other preferences?
I'd like free wifi included please.|The Acorn guesthouse is in the moderate price range and has wifi. Would you like to book a room?
Yes.  Please book for 8 people for 4 nights starting Thursday.|I will book it for you,is there anything else I can do for you ?
Yes, I need the reference number.|You have reservation at acorn guest house for 8 people 4 nights starting Thursday.I will give you the reference number.
OK ... can I have that reference number, please?|Your reference number is  PJDTNB2Z.
Are there any fun places to go in the centre of town?|There are many things to visit including museums, theaters, colleges, nightclubs, parks, swimming pools, cinema, boating, concert halls, and architecture attractions.
Recommend a swimming pool for me please.|I have parkside pools in the centre of town on gonville place postbcode cb11ly.
What's their phone number, and how much does it cost to get in?|01223446100. I don't have access to their entrance fee. Is there anything else you need help with?
Yes. I need a place to stay. Free parking and free wifi are important to me|Great, I have several options for you. Do you want a hotel in a particular part of town?
No but it needs to be in the moderate price range.|What about acorn house? It is a lovely guesthouse.
I would rather have a hotel. I need it for 8 people for 3 nights. Is there anything available?|I have two hotels on the north side that fit your criteria.  I would suggest Ashley Hotel.  Would you like me to make reservations for you?
The Ashley Hotel sounds great. Can you reserve a room on Thursday for 8 people, 3 nights please?|I will reserve it for you.
Ok, thanks for that. What's the reference number?|Your reference number is 739P7NDS. Do you need help with anything else?
Yes please, I'll need a taxi from the pool to the hotel.  I'd like to leave the pool by 05:15.|I have booked a taxi from Parkside pools to ashley hotel at 5:15.  The contact number 0735652974. Do you need anything else?
What kind of car is the taxi?|It's a grey BMW.
Thanks!  That's all I need.|I hope you have a good trip.  Goodbye
do you know anything about emmanuel college?|Emmanuel College is located in the center of town, on Saint Andrew's Street in postcode cb23ap. It's free to get in.
Is that their full address?|Yes it is. Can I help you with anything else today?
I'm also looking for a recommendation on 4 star, moderately priced hotels.|The acorn guest house is a great place to stay. Would you like me to book you a room?
Do they have free WiFi?|Yes they do. Would you like anymore information?
book it for 4 people and 3 nights starting  from thursday|You're all set at the Acorn, reference #M1KYDQSW. Can I help you with anything else today?
no, that's it. thanks!|Let us know if there is anything else you need.
I am looking for regency gallery.  Can you tell me where it is located?|The regency galllery address is 39 fitzroy street in the centre area.
Okay, what kind of place is it?|It is a museum. Would you like the phone number?
Maybe. Unless you can just tell me what the entrance fee is and then I won't need it?|Fortunately, it is free entry. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, I'd like a place to stay, too, please.|I'm happy to help. Where in the city would you like your hotel to be located?
I'd like a room in the north please|There are 13 different places to stay, do you have a preference on price or amenities?
I would like a hotel that has open bookings for 6 people for 2 nights starting from Saturday.|Unfortunately, I can't find any openings for those nights in the north. Would you like to try a different part of town?
No. Is there availability for 1 night?|You're in luck. I've got a room available for saturday at the acorn guest house for 6 people. It's booked, your reference # is 3IX7EGRG.
Okay. Can you book me a taxi as well? I want to leave the hotel by 04:00.|Where would you like to go?
I'd like to commute between the two places.|Ok I booked you a taxi to leave the acorn guest house at 4:00. The car will be a blue toyota and the contact number is 07424241550.
Wonderful, you've been very helpful! That's all I need for today, thank you!|Great, thanks for using our service. have a great day.
I need a boat trip in the east please.|I have one place. What would you like to know about it?
Yes, please tell me about it. I would like to know the postcode and area for it?|It is located in the east area and the postcode is cb58sx. The name of the place is Camboats.
Perfect. I'm looking for a Thai place to eat, too. Can you help?|There is sala thong in the west of town and bangkok city located in the centre of town. Would you like me to book one for you?
Yes, Bangkok City. What is the price range, address and phone number?|24 Green Street City Centre. It is an expensive place.
Could you also give me the phone number?|The phone number is 01223354382. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, I'm sorry, but I actually need an architecture attraction, not boats. Can you give me the postcode and area for the best one in town?|I'm sorry we don't have any architectural attractions in the east.  Perhaps another area?
Could you look for an architectural attract in other parts of the city then?|All architecture attractions are located in the centre of town. Would you like me to recommend one?
Yes please do and I need the postcode and area.|I recommend great saint Mary's church. it is in the center. postcode is cb23pq.
Can I also book a taxi to leave the restaurant at 12:45?|I'd love to help! Where are you going?
I'm going from the restaurant to the architecture.|It will be a yellow bmw picking you up. Their contact number is 07385615231. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Thank you. That is all I need.|You're welcome. Have a great day.
I need help finding a hotel called Bridge Guest House. Thanks.|It is in the south part of town located at 151 hills road.
Do they have internet?|Yes it has internet. Would you like to book something here?
Not at the moment. I'm also interest in an attraction called Emmanuel College. Where is it located?|It's located in the centre of town on saint andrew's street. Do you need anything else?
Yes, are there any boat attractions?|Yes, what kind of attraction are you looking for?
Actually can I have the address and post code to the Bridge Guest House and the same for Emmanuel College?|Bridge guest house is located at 151 hills road, postcode cb28rj. Emmanuel college is located at saint andrew's street, postcode cb23ap.  Can I help with anything else?
Thank you for all of the information. That is exactly what I needed.|Can I help you with anything else today?
No, thank you. You have been very helpful. Goodbye.|Thanks, that is all for today.
Hello, I need to book a roundtrip train ticket that will be going to Cambridge and then leaving on friday.|Okay, I have found over 2,000 trains going to Cambridge. To help narrow the selection, when do you want to depart and arrive?
I'd like to leave Norwich on Friday and arrive by 12:30.|There are 6 trains. The closest arrival is TR4045, which leaves at 10:16 and arrives at 11:35. Would you like me to book this train for you?
No, but can you tell me the total travel time for that train?|It is a 79 minute trip.
Thank you I also am looking for the all saints church|The All Saints church is on Jesus lane in postcode cb58bs.
Okay, what is the entrance fee?  And what part of town was it in again?|It's in the centre region, and it's free to get in. Can I get you any more information?
No thanks, that's all I needed.|So happy I could be of service today. Thank you, and have a wonderful day!
I am looking for a museum in the south please.|I'm sorry, but I'm getting an error trying to process your request. Could you please restate what you're looking for?
I am looking to visit a college in Cambridge and I will need to know the area, entrance fee, and phone number.|Well I have Christ's College which is quite famous and is free to enter in the center of town. Their telephone number is 01223334900. Does this interest you?
Yes, that's perfect! Thank you! I'm also looking for a restaurant in the centre of town. It needs to be expensive, as well.|There are many expensive restaurants in the centre of town. Is there a particular cuisine type you would prefer?
I'd prefer turkish food, if at all possible.|I have the meze bar restaurant in centre on	196 Mill Road City, cb13nf. would you like me to book this location?
Yes, thank you very much! We'd like a dinner reservation for two, at 6 or 630 please.|Sure, and what day would you like to dine?
Today, if possible, but it doesn't matter.|Great! You have a reservation at 6:00 tonight at the Meze Bar Restaurant for two people. Is there anything else I can do for you?
There is not. Thank you so much for all of your help.|Great. Thank you for contacting Cambridge Towninfo Centre. Have a great day.
i am looking for places to go in town. The attraction should be in the centre and should be in the type of theatre.|I have 4 theatres in the centre area, adc theatre, cambridge arts theatre, mumford theatre, or the cambridge corn exchange.  I can provide further details on any of them.
May I please have the address and phone number of one that you recommend?|The mumford theatre is located at anglia ruskin enterprise, east road and their phone number is 08451962320. Do you need assistance with anything else?
I am also looking for a place to stay in a cheap price range. Do you have any suggestions?|Sure, there are a lot of options, do you have a particular area of town in mind?
I would like to stay in the North area, please.  I need free parking also.|how about worth house? it's lovely
Is it in the moderate price range|Worth house is in the cheap price range, and offers parking.
Please book Worth House for 3 people, for 3 nights starting on Sunday.|Booking was successful.Reference number is : 9UQ64Z3M.is there any other thing i can help?
Nope, that's all I need.|Okay, great. Have a great day.
Can you tell me about the entertainment type attractions in the west?|Sure! clare college is located in the west and is free of charge.
What's their postcode?|The postcode for Clare College is cb21tl. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I'm looking for a hotel called city centre north b and b.|Yes, that is a guesthouse located at 328a Histon Road.  Would you like to book a room?
Yes please, for 4 nights starting Monday for 4 people.|Booking was successful, your reference number is : B93N5UVZ.  Can I assist you with anything else?
No, I think that's all I need.  Thank you so much for all your help!|It was a pleasure to help. Have a great night. Goodbye.
I'd like to find an attraction to visit on the west side of town.|There are 13 options, any specific preferences?
Yes, I am looking for cinemas and museums.|There are no cinemas on the west side, but I have several museums. The Lynne Strover Gallery is a great place, and it's free to get in.
What train go there from Cambridge?|What day and time are you looking at?  I can help you find a train if I know that.
Can you give me the postcode to the museum and I will be traveling on tuesday.|The postcode is cb30aq. What time are you looking at?
I'd like to depart cambridge to arrive by 12:15 to stansted airport on tuesday.|Sure how many tickets please?
I actually don't want to book tickets today. I just need the train ID and the times it runs.|There are 7 trains available, the earliest one is TR1656, which leaves at 5:40, and arrives at Stansted Airport by 6:08. Can I help you with anything else?
Yes, could you tell me the travel time for the TR1656?|Absolutely, it is 28 minutes.
thanks. i think thats take care of everything for me. thanks. bye.|Great, glad I could be of some assistance to you. Enjoy your trip, good day!
Can you recommend some places to go in the west side of town?|There are several attractions in the west side of town.  Do you have a preference for the type of attraction?
Not really. What would you recommend?|The museum of classical archaeology has free admission and is in the west area.  Is there anything else that I can help you with?
What is the postcode and address for the museum?|The postcode for that is cb3ojg and the address is Girton College, Huntingdon Road.  Can I help you anymore today?
Can you help me find the Worth House hotel?|Worth House is a guesthouse on the north side. It is in the cheap price range, but has four stars. Would you like me to book you a room?
Yes, please, that would be perfect.|what day would you like, and how may days?
I'm sorry, but don't book it. I just need the area and address.|It is located in the north. The address is 152 chesterton road.
Thanks for all your help!|Happy to help. Have a pleasant day.
I'm looking for place to go in town in the east area.|Are searching for a restaurant or an attraction to visit?
I am looking for an entertainment attraction in the east.|In the east area, there are two museums. The Cambridge Artworks has free admission. The Cambridge Museum of Technology offers admission for five pounds.
What's the address and postcode of the Artworks? Also, I need to book a train leaving Thursday from Peterborough.|cambridge artworks address 5 greens road postcode, cb13ef. Do you have an arrival or departure preference for the train?
I need to leave after 15:45, and I'm going to Cambridge.|Alright TR2239 leaves Peterborough for Cambridge Thursday at 15:48. It arrives at 16:38. Would you like to book a ticket?
Could you just let me know what the travel time for that is?|Total travel time is 50 minutes.  Can I help you with anything else?
Thanks, that's all I need. Have a nice day.|Thanks. You have a great day and thanks for contacting Cambridge TownInfo centre.
I need to find a college in town.|Do you have a preference as to which part of town the college is located?
I'd prefer somewhere in the west.|Churchill college is in the west part of town.
Can you tell me their address and postcode, please? And do they charge any entrance fee?|The address is storey's way postcode cb30ds.  Their phone number is 01223336233.  Entrance to the college is free.  Is there anything else I can help you with?
I am also looking for train schedules.  Can you help me with that?|I sure can. What day are you traveling and what is your departure city and destination?
I'm leaving sunday from cambridge going towards london kings cross.|I have 70 trains leaving cambridge and going to london kings cross.  What day would you like to travel?
I am traveling on Sunday.|Ok, great!  I have train TR7423 departing cambridge at 05:00 and arriving at london kings cross 05:51 on Sunday.  Would you like me to book this for you?
Yes, please. Can I get six tickets and a reference number once it's booked?|Your booking was successful.  The reference number is 2VRW842P.  Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No,thank you very much.|Have a wonderful day.
I'm looking for the cambridge and county folk museum.|the cambridge and county folk museum is located 2-3 castle street
Thanks, can you also give me the entrance fee, phone number, and postcode?|The fee is 3.5 pounds, the number is 01223355159, and the code is cb30aq.
I also need a place to stay.|Okay. Would you like to narrow it down by the area, price range, or type?
Do you have any 0 star places?|I have 2 guesthouses and 1 hotel that are 0 stars, do you have a preference or want a particular area of town?
Is there one in the moderate price range?|Yes, Cityroomz is in the moderate price range. Would you like to make a reservation?
Yes, that would be great. There will be 7 of us.|I'd be happy to make a reservation for the 7 of you.  I will need to know what day to start your reservation and for how many nights, please.
I'd like to start on Friday please and stay for 3 nights.  I will also need the reference number.|Your reservation for 7 people at Cityroomz this friday for 4 days 3 nights was successful. Your Reference number is : SOF4G9MY. Anything else I can do for you?
That will be all, and thanks so much for your help.|Have a nice day.
i am looking for places to go in town. The attraction should be in the centre and should be in the type of entertainment.|Sure, there are plenty of places.  Would you like a particular kind of attraction?
What do you recommend?|We don't have an entertainment type attraction in town centre, maybe something else?
How about a college?|i have 15 colleges in the centre of town. did you want to pay admission or would you like to enter free?
Either is fine, can you suggest one for me to visit?|I would suggest christ's college.
Could I have the address please?|christ's college is nice their address is saint andrews street and it's free to get in
Okay, great. I'm also looking for a hotel with free parking and a moderate price.|Which area are you looking for?
The area does not matter.|Okay how about the acorn guest house in the north?
I actually prefer a hotel, rather than a guesthouse.|We have two moderately priced hotels in the city: Ashley Hotel and Lovell Lodge, both offering internet and parking. Would you like to book in either hotel?
Yes, please book the Ashley Hotel. I need a booking for 7 people for 4 nights, starting from Friday.|Okay, I've got that booked for you.  Your reference number is 64QSFKBM.  Is there anything else I can help you with?
I would like a taxi to take me from Christ's College to the restaurant.|What time will you like to leave or arrive by?
I would like to leave Christ College by 15:15.|look out for a white honda. the contact is 07153999224
Thank you so much, that's all I need today.|thanks for using our service and have a great day
You have a great day too|Thanks. And if anything more comes up that you'd like help with or information about, don't hesitate to reach out again! Goodbye.
Hello, I would like some information on a hotel called The Bridge guest house, please.|It's a moderately priced 3 star guesthouse located in the south. Would you like me to make a reservation for you?
Please book a room for 2 people starting on Saturday for 3 nights. I will need the reference number too. Thanks.|Your booking was successful, your reference number is:  OUF2UF6C.
Thank you. I also need to find entertainment in the south. What is available?|There are two leisure parks in that area, if you are interested in those.  Otherwise if you had something more specific in mind I'd be more than willing to check.
That would be great. I need the phone number, address and entrance fee.|Tenpin can be reached at the number 08715501010. The address is cambridge leisure park, clifton way, and entrance fee is unlisted
Okay, now I'd like a taxi to take me from the hotel to Tenpin. I want to leave at 07:30. Please send the car type and contact number|I have you booked into a taxi, you can call them at 07622933733.
I will need to know the car type.|The car that will be arriving is a grey bmw.
Thanks. Well, I guess that's all I need today. Thanks for your help. Goodbye.|No problem, thanks for letting us help you plan your trip. Have a great time!
I am looking for a college in town|Sure, which part of town are you interested in?
Area does not matter. You pick, just let me know the area and postcode please.|Well I have Christ College in the city center and their postcode is cb23bu.
Do you have any other suggestions?|There is also churchill college on the west side. Their postcode is cb30ds.
Thank you. I also need a hotel called home from home.|Home from Home is a guest house located on Milton Road in the north area. Do you need additional information?
I just need a reference number for the reservation.|what dad do i reserve and for how many?
i don't need any dads reserved. i already have one.|I need to know what day you will be arriving and how many nights and how many people will be staying.
there will be 3 people and 4 nights from thursday|Booking was successful. Reference number is : F9WOFY5C. Anything else I can help with?
No that will be all thank you.|You are welcome, enjoy your stay.
I will be visiting Cambridge and I need a list of the main attractions in the south.|I have 8 entries for entertainment in the south.   Do you have a particular type that you are looking for?
I don't have a particular type.  What would you recommend?|In my opinion, out of the options I think the theatre we have in the south would be my choice. It's called the Junction. Would you like more info?
What is their address?|They are located on Clifton Way. Is there anything I may help you with?
Yes I am also looking for a 2 star guesthouse to stay at.|Okay, how about the ashley hotel that is in the moderate price range?
Is it a 2 star or better?|Ashley hotel is a 2 star hotel. Would you like to me to book it for you?
No thank you. I just need the post code.|The post code is cb41er.
Thanks. I will also need a taxi to take me from the Junction to the Ashley Hotel. I would like to leave the attraction by 21:15.|I booked the taxi for you. It's a black Honda and the contact number is 07690147877. Will that be all?
.
Yes. Thank you.|Thank you for using are services and have a great day.
I need to find a train that goes to London Kings Cross from Cambridge please.|What day would you like to travel and when would you want to leave?
I need to leave on Thursday after 17:30.|The earliest departure I have for Thursday from cambridge to london kings cross leaves at 19:00.  Will this suit you?
Yes, that will work. Can you book me for five people please.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 118 GBP payable at the station. Your reference number is Z5QW0890. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes. I would like help in locating a place to go in town. A college in the east part of town.|There are no colleges in the east area of town. Would you like to check a different area or different type of attraction?
Yes, are there any museums in the east area?|4 museums located in the east area. Cambridge Artworks, Cambridge Museum of Technology, Gallery at Twelve a High Street, and Saint Barnabas Press Gallery. Do any interest you?
Yes could I have the address, telephone number and postcode of the Cambridge Museum of Technology?|They are located at the old pumping station, cheddars lane cb58ld phone number 01223368650
Thank you, that's all I need today.|Have a great day.
I am looking to book an expensive restaurant in the west part of town. What is available?|I have 9 restaurants in the west that are upscale. Are you looking for a particular type of cuisine? There is british, european, indian and thai to choose from.
How about some Thai food?|Sala Thong is an expensive Thai restaurant in the west end. Would you like a reservation there?
Yes please. Can reserve for 6 people at 15:00 on Wednesday?|So sorry, that was unsuccessful.  Would another day or time work?
Could we try for 14:00 instead?|Congratulations! That was successful Your reference number is OP06YQUU.
Alright, awesome! Could you also try to find a specific college I'm looking for? It's called Saint John's College.|Saint John's College is a College located in the centre of town. The phone number is 01223338600. Do you need any other information?
Can you book me a taxi to go from the college to the restaurant by 14:00? Please include the contact number and car type.|I'm happy to say I've successfully completed your booking! The vehicle will be a blue Tesla. Their contact number is 07945015073. How else may I assist you?
I want to make sure that it will be arriving by 14:00. Can you confirm?|Yes that it correct.
Okay, thank you. That's all I need today.|You're welcome. Have a great day!
i am new here. i need a place to stay with free wifi|Okay! What price range are you looking for?
cheaper the better free wifi too|I have 10 locations with free wifi in the cheap price range. Do you have a particular area in mind?
No particular area, whatever you suggest.|Okay well I suggest the Alexander Bed and Breakfast in their center. Would you like me to make a booking for you?
Yes please book 2 nights for 5 people, starting on Saturday.|I have booked the Alexander Bed and Breakfast for 2 nights starting on Saturday for 5 people.  The reference number is UCIOWNWV.  Anything else I can help you with?
That's it. Thank you, goodbye!|Have a great day!
Yes, I am planning a trip and could use some information on attractions.|I can help you with that! What type of attraction are you looking for?
I am looking for Holy Trinity Church.|Would you like the address?
Yes, I would- what area is that in also?  I'm needing a train from Steveanage to Cambridge.  Can you help?|It is in the Centre. Market street, postcode cb23nz.
Thanks.  The train to Cambridge should arrive by 15:30 on Sunday.|I have train TR1542 leaving at 5:54 and arriving at 6:43 cost is 10.24 pounds. would you like reservations?
Yes please. I need the price also|The price is 10.24 pounds.  Would you like me to book it for you?
Yes please book me on that train.|for how many people ?
No thanks. I'm actually not booking at this time. Thanks for your help. goodbye|You're welcome, have a nice day.
I am planning a trip in Cambridge|That sounds great. Did you need a hotel, train or restaurant while in the area?
No, I'm looking info on saint barnabas press gallery.|Saint barnabas press gallery is a very nice museum in the east. What information can I provide?
May I have their phone number?|Of course! Their phone number is 01223902116. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I also need information on a train from bishops stortford to Cambridge on Thursday.|Ok, I am getting the information up now, do you have a time in mind?
I'd like to get there by 14:30.|You have five options for a train that will get you to Cambridge by 14:30.  Do you have a preference on what time to leave?
No, any available train would be fine. I will need four tickets, please.|Can you book it for me and get a reference number ?
I would like to find a cheap African restaurant in the area.|I was unable to find any cheap african places.
What cheap restaurants are in the centre?|We have fifteen cheap restaurants in the center, with cuisines ranging from asian oriental to mediterranean and modern european.
How about Spanish food. Do you have a restaurant serving that?|La Raza is a spanish restaurant in that price range, shall I book a table for you?
Yes please book a table for 7 people at 16:45 on Sunday.  Can you give me the reference number?|Your table at La Raza has been reserved for Sunday at 16:45. The reference number is KSH4UXG0. Can I help you with anything else?
Yes, can you help me find places to go to in town?|Sure what type of attraction are you interested in?
I would like a museum in the same area as La Raza.|There are 11 museums in the centre. Do you want a suggestion?
I think what ever one you would say is best please.|I suggest the museum of archaelogy and anthropology. It's in the city centre located at university of cambridge, downing street. It's free, too.
Can you please provide me with the postcode and phone number for the museum?|The postcode is cb23dz and the phone number is 01223357708. Is there anything else I can help you with?
You have helped me a lot thanks !|I am glad to help enjoy your stay.
Hi, I'm looking to book the Hamilton Lodge in Cambridge|When would you like to book a room at Hamilton Lodge? How many guests will there be?
I want a room on Sunday for 2 people.|For how many days?
Five days. Does the room have internet? Also, what is the hotel type?|This is a guesthouse, is that okay?
Yes,that's okay. Please get me their phone number. Also, find out if they have internet or not|Phone number is 01223365664 and yes it has internet.
Great! I also need a college to go see in the centre. I need the phone number and entrance fee to one you recommend.|Gonville and caius college is great to visit. They are free to visit and their number is 01223332400. Is there anything else I can help with?
Oh great. Can I also get you to book me a taxi from the college to my hotel? I want to leave by 22:30.|Booked car type is black lexus. Contact number is 07352412792. Anything else?
That's all I needed. Thanks. Bye.|Thanks for using our service today have a great day.
Do you know what this city might have in entertainment venues?|There are two entertainment venues in the east, two in the south and one in the west area of town.  Do you have an area preference?
I don't care about the area.  If you were me, which one would you enjoy the most?|I would pick whale of a time in the west, located at Unit 8, Viking Way, Bar Hill, postcode cb238el. It is always an adventure there!
Is there a place to stay with a moderate price range and free parking?|Which area and type of lodging do you prefer?
I'm looking for a place that is moderately priced and has free parking.|The Acorn Guest House is a great little 4-star place on the north side. They're moderately priced and have free parking and internet. Would you like a room there?
That is all the information I need. Thank you!|You're very welcome. Have a great trip!
Wait! I do want the hotel reservation. Can you book it for me on Thursday for 4 nights for 4 people?|Your room at the Acorn is booked, ref#94RRN05R. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No that is all the info I need. I'm sure of it this time ha ha. Thank you!|you're welcome to use our services anytime
Hi, I am looking for a Venetian restaurant please.|Unfortunately, no venetian restaurants are available. Do you have a preference for another type of food?
What other restaurants are there in the centre area that serve expensive food?|We've got 33 different restaurants, everything from African, to British, Chinese, Indian, all the way to Turkish.
Ok, how about something Indian?|There are 6 Indian restaurants in the area. Are you looking for one nearby, or maybe a specific dish, like curry?
Of the 6, what is your restaurant recommendation for good curry?|The Curry Garden is known for the great curry cuisine. Would you like me too book it for you?
Yes, can I get the address, postcode, and phone number?|It's located at 106 Regent Street City Centre.  The postcode is cb21dp and the phone number is 01223302330. Can I help you with anything else?
Yes, I am actually looking for a place to go that is entertaining.|I have 5 great entertainment venues around town. Do you have a preference on area? I have options in the east, south and west.
I don't care about the area, but can you find something that is free?|Unfortunately with the way prices fluctuate sometimes our systems can not find the current entrance fee for places. Can I give you any other information?
No, that should be all, thanks.|Have a nice day then.
Hello, I am looking for places to go in the north.|Certainly! We have 2 swimming pools, a park, and a boat in the North. What are you most interested in?
The boat sounds like it will be fun. Do you have the phone number handy?|Yes, it's the Riverboat Georgina and the number is 01223902091.
Great can I also get a train on sunday that'll go to cambridge|Did you have a departure or arrival time in mind?
I would like to depart from Ely after 11:00 please|TR6517 leaves at 11:35 and arrives by 11:52.
Perfect. I need 3 tickets. please provide the reference number|Your reference number is: JIR61XGY.  The total fee is 10.56 GBP and you will need to pay at the station.  Can I help you with anything else today?
That's all I needed today thank you.|You're welcome, have a good day.
Hi!  I'm looking for some entertainment in town, no particular type, I just want to get out!|How about whipple museum of the history of science? It's a museum!
Sounds great! Is there an entrance fee?|No, the entrance is free. Can I book you a spot?
No, but you could tell me the area.|The Whipple Museum is in the centre.
Great, thanks. Can you also help me find a restaurant? I'm looking for one that is cheap and in the East. Any cuisine.|The only cheap place in the east is The Missing Sock. They serve some great international cuisine at an affordable price! Would you like to book a table?
Great can I book that for 8 people at 11:00 on saturday?|I'm sorry, that reservation is not available.  Can you book a different day or different time slot?
Yes, can you try for 10:00 instead? I will need a reference number as well.|Alright, you're all booked. Your reference number is XB60V9YZ.
Can you book me a taxi to take me from the museum to The Missing Sock in time for my reservation?|Your taxi is booked! It is a black skoda and the contact number is 07979438404. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No, thank you. Have a great day!|You're welcome. Have a great day as well!
Please find a museum in town.|Cambridge offers many museums. Is there a certain part of town you'd like to look at for your search?
I don't have a preference but can you suggest one and give me their address?|Sure the broughton house gallery has free admission and is located in centre at 98 king st postcode cb11ln
Thank you! Also, can you recommend a moderately-priced international restaurant, please?|The Varsity Restaurant and Bloomsbury restaurant are both in the centre of town and serve international food in the moderate price range.
Thank you for the info, that will be all.|You're welcome, goodbye.
could you give me information about the cherry hinton village centre.|Yes, it is a multiple sports venue located in the east part of town, post code cb19ej.  The address is Colville Road, Cherry Hinton.
Thank you so much.|Your welcome.  Is there anything else I can look up for you?
What is it's phone number? Also are there any expensive British restaurants in town?|Their phone number is 01223576412. What part of town would you like to dine in?
I don't have a preference of area as long as it's an expensive restaurant.|There are a number of expensive british places in town. On the east side, there is the grafton hotel restaurant. Would you like to make a booking there?
Sounds good!  I need a table for just myself at 11:30 on monday.|Your booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. The reference number is 3SOJSHQN.
Thank you that is all I needed.|enjoy your stay in cambridge
I am looking for a boat in town.|OK. There are four different boats to choose from.  What area of town were you thinking?
It doesn't really matter. Can you recommend one?|Camboats is in the east of town and I'd recommend them
Sounds good.  What is their postcode number as well as their phone number?|I can provide that for you. The Camboats postcode is cb58sx. To reach them, their phone number is 01223902112. Did you need any other information?
Can you look up information for a hotel called Acorn Guest House?|The Acorn Guest House is priced moderately, in the north area of town, has internet, parking, located at 154 Chesterton Road, phone 01223353888. Postal code is cb41da. Does that help?
That sounds perfect. Would you please book a room for two starting on Thursday?|Sure, how many nights would you like?
Actually, lets not book a room yet. Can you tell me if they have internet? Also the address and the area of town it is located in.|Yes, of course.  The Acorn Guesthouse is in the north part of town and can be found at 154 Chesterton road.  They offer free internet.
Wonderful, thank you. I think that's all I need.|Sounds like a plan. Would you like me to book it now?
No thank you.  I think that I am good for now.|Is there anything else that I can do for you?
No, that is all for now. Thank you!|OK, have a nice day.  Good bye.
I want to find out more about the arbury guesthouse.|It is in the north, in the modrate price range, has a 4 star rating, internet, and free parking.
i want to book it for 8 people and 2 nights starting tuesday|Do you need a reference number?
Were you able to book it for tuesday?|Yes I was able here is the detailed information-Booking was successful.
Reference number is : MT6Q7YNE.
Great. Do you also have any entertainment venues in the east?|Yes, there are two, would you like more information about them?
Yes I would please.|Cherry hinton hall and grounds is located at cherry hinton road.  The phone is 01223446104 and postcode cb18dw.  No entrance information is provided.
Ok, that is all of the information I need. Thank you!|Have a nice trip! Thank you for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre.
I would like a train going to cambridge from leicester in the morning.  Can you book a seat for me and let me know the reservation number?|There are trains that leave at 9 minutes past the hour, every hour, all morning. What time would you like to leave?
I need to arrive by 10 am please on a Tuesday.|How about train 4734?  It arrives in cambridge at 09:54.
Sounds good. I need 4 tickets.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 151.19 GBP payable at the station. Your reference number is : MRTSNQMU.
I'm also looking for a cinema to visit?|There are two- one in the south and one in the centre. Which would you like to visit?
I would like the cinema in the south please. I need the phone number, entrance fee, and postcode.|Cineworld Cinema is located in postcode cb17dy.  The phone number is 00872208000 and you'll have to call them directly for entrance fee information.
Thank you so much for the information.  I will call them.  Have a good day.|Anytime, happy to help.
Yeah you are very welcome.|Thank you for contacting Cambridge TownInfo Centre.  Have a great day!
I am looking for an expensive restaurant for us to eat at. Some place nice.|There are 57 expensive restaurants in Cambridge. Do you have a particular type of food in mind?
I was thinking of having caribbean food|I can't locate a restaurant serving Caribbean food. Would you like to try a different cuisine?
how about indian. yummy !|There are 14 choices. I would recommend Tandoori Palace in the west. The phone number is 01223506055. Would you like me to book it for you?
Sure!  I need a table for just me on Tuesday at 16:45, please.|Okay. Your booking was successful! The reference number is GRJ6E9C3. Your table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
I'm also looking for places to go in the city centre.|We have 44 options for you. Would you like to narrow it down by attraction type?
It should be in the same area as the restaurant.|I have 5 places for you, 4  have free entrance fee and one has 2 pounds entrance fees.Which one will you prefer
Lets pay, this trip is a business write off, so money is no object, Ill take the 2 pound entrance fee.|Great Saint Mary's Church is located at Market Square in the city center.
That sounds good. Can you give me the address, postcode, and phone number please?|cb23pq, Market Square. 01223350914. Is there anything else you would like to know?
No, thank you. I think I have everything I need at this time.|Okay, great. Have a wonderful day!
I'm looking for a train leaving from cambridge and going to norwich.|The next train leaving from Cambridge to Norwich is on Friday at 5:36 and will reach it's destination at 6:55. Would you like me to book it for you?
No thatnk you but may I have the train ID?|Yes the train ID for this journey is TR2534 and the length of the journey will be 79 minutes. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
I actually need one leaving on Saturday at that time.|Okay, train: TR6866 leaves at that time on Saturday.  Did you want to book a ticket?
No thanks. I need information on an attraction  called williams art and antiques|Williams art and antiques located at gwdir street, no. 5 dale's brewery the entrance fee is free.
What type of attraction is it?|It is a museum. And there is no entrance fee.
Thank you for your help. Goodbye.|Thank you. Goodbye.
Hi! I am looking for a train to Cambridge that leaves after 21:15.|TR1581 leaves at 21:17
Great! Can you please boo that for me?|Of course. I reserved 1 seat. The reference number is 87ZNT2V8.
Actually, I would need 2 tickets for that train.|Okay. No problem. Your new booking and reservation number is  Y004877A.
Fantastic.  Can I also get information about Clare Hall?|Clare Hall is a college on the wet end. Would you like further information?
Yes, what is the entrance fee for Clare Hall?|Clare Hall has no entrance fee and is free! Do you need anything else?
No, that is all I need, thank you. Bye.|Have a good day!
Can you tell me some colleges that I could go to in town?|Sure, what specific area of town are you interested in?
I'm looking on the east side of town.|I am sorry, but I have not found any colleges in the specific area you requested.
Ok, how about a museum in the east?|Okay. There are four museums in that area. I recommend the Cambridge Artworks. It is free admission.
That sounds nice can I please get a postcode, entrance fee, and phone number.|The phone number is 0122390268, postcode is cb13ef and there is no fee. May I help you with anything else?
I am looking for a restaurant called The Copper Kettle.|Okay, The Copper Kettle is located on 4 Kings Parade in the city centre. Would you like me to make a reservation for you?
I need reservations for 2 people at 13:30 on saturday.|Sure! Booking was successful and your reference number is PMI1IGTJ.
I would also like to book a taxi to commute between the two places.|Your taxi is booked! You will be picked up in a black tesla and their contact number is 07542406962. Is there anything else I can help with?
Thank you no that will be all!|Have a nice day.
Are there any theatres nearby?|There are 4 theater's in the centre area and one in the south. Would you like more information on any of them?
Could you please recommend one and give me the phone number?|I recommend the mumford theatre in the centre. Their phone number is 08451962320. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I also need to find a guesthouse to say in. Preferably a 0 star one.|city centre north b and b is a zero star guesthouse.  Would you like me to book a room for you?
I'm guessing that's in the centre area of town? I actually need a guesthouse in the south with free parking.|I'm sorry but there are no guesthouses in the south with zero stars and free parking. There is a 3-star guesthouse called bridge guest house. Are you interested?
No let's try looking in the north instead|City centre north b and b is in the north area and has free parking. Would like reservations?
Yes, please 5 people for 5 nights on Saturday.|Have you booked, 9L1SUXC3 is your confirmation. Anything else?
Just a taxi leaving the theatre by 10:45 and going to the hotel.|Your ride will be there at 10:45. They will be in a black Audi and their number is 07262280207.
Can I get a shuttle back to the airport?|A shuttle? We don't provide those, we do have trains however.
I mean I would love to have a taxi|I've already booked you a taxi - the information is above. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Nope, that's all I needed. Thanks, and goodbye!|Alright, glad to be of service. Bye!
I need some help finding an attraction. I have the name here.|Sure, what is the name you are looking for?
The place is called peoples portraits exhibition at Girton College.  Could I get the area, postcode, and address for this?|It is in the West. Girton College, Huntingdon Road. Postcode cb3ojg. Do you need anything else?
What can you tell me about this hotel, the bridge guest house?|It is a located in the south area of town.  It's a 3 star guesthouse with free internet and parking located at 151 Hills Road.
Sounds good I want to make a booking for 2 people and 5 nights starting from friday.|I will book it for you,is there anything else I can do for you ?
I'm looking for a chinese restaurant in the center of town.|We have several Chinese restaurants in that area.  What price range were you looking for?
I want something cheap.|May I suggest Golden House? It sounds like what you are looking for. Shall I provide more information?
Yes, can you give me the address, phone, and postcode.|Sure! 12 Lensfield Road City Centre, cb21eg. The phone number is 01842753771.
Oh goodness. My mistake. I was supposed to be going to the south part of town. Can you see if you have any cheap chinese restaurants in that area?|No problem. Yes there is one the lucky star.
Can I have the address, postcode, and number for that restaurant as well?|Cambridge Leisure Park Clifton Way Cherry Hinton, cb17dy. 01223244277. Is there anything else?
I also need the number to an attraction called Cambridge contemporary art please.|The number to the Cambridge contemporary art museum is 01223324222. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Cool I also need a taxi|What are your departure and destination sites? when would you like to leave or arrive?
I need a taxi leaving the attraction by 23:45, heading to the restaurant.|I have booked the taxi. A yellow Audi will be picking you up. Please call 07623682375 should you need to reach them.
Thank you! That will be all for today!|I'm glad I could help.
Hi, I'm looking for some kind of entertainment in Cambridge?|Ok! Whale of a time is located at Unit 8 Viking Way Bar Hill on the west side of town. Phone is 01954781018.
Great, thanks! Do I have any other entertainment options?|Yes, there is everything from parks to nightclubs.  Several colleges and museums.  Holy Trinity Church is a great architectural attraction.
The whale of time sounds great. I also need a place to stay that has free internet and in the west.|Okay, I have 4 options available. Is there a price range or star rating you'd prefer?
A 4 star rating please.|There are 3 options, any preference on pricing?
I would like the moderate price range.|I'm afraid there is nothing along those lines available.  Can I change your search criteria a bit?
Can you try looking in the north?|How about the avalon it's a 4 star moderately priced hotel in the north.
Perfect. I need 5 nights for 6 people starting on Wednesday. Could I have the reference number after booking?|Booking was successful.
Reference number is : BVCGE59G. anything else?
Yes, I'll need a taxi to get to the hotel from whale of a time. I need it to leave by 06:00|I have booked a white volvo for you with Contact number: 07201581539.  Can I help with anything else today?
No thanks, that's all I needed.  Have a good day.|Thank you for contacting us and have a nice day.
I want some entertainment in the centre.  What do you have?|I'm sorry, there is not anything in the centre.  There are some venues in all of the other areas though.  Do you have a second preference?
Are there any musems in centre?|There are 11. What kind of museum would you like to visit?
Could you just pick one for me?|How about castle galleries?
Sounds interesting.  What is their address with postcode?  Is it free?|It is free! The address is unit su43, grande arcade, saint andrews street cb23bj Do you need anything else?
I need a place to stay. Can you suggest a hotel in the centre of town?|Of course, there are three hotels in the centre. Do you have any particular needs?
I would like moderate pricing and 4 stars please|Sorry, no places matching that query. Would you like to change your area, type, star rating, or price range?
Type does not matter. Please try the search again without type specified|I am still having issues finding a hotel for you, would you please restate your criteria one more time?
Okay. I don't care if it is a hotel or guest house, but it needs to be expensive, 4 stars, and in the centre.|I found the University Arms Hotel, would you like me to book it for you?
Is that 4 stars and in the moderate price range?|It is 4 stars in the expensive price range. They also have parking and wifi. Would you like me to book this?
No need to book it, just give me the address please|The address for the University Arms Hotel is Regent Street.
Okay thank you I won't be needing any more from you today. Goodbye|Its been such a pleasure talking to someone as polite and eloquent as you, enjoy your day.
I would like to find a train leaving from Peterborough.|There are many!  What day will you be traveling?
I will be leaving on Friday.|The entries have now been narrowed down to 38. Where will you be departing and at what time do you want to leave?
Two people going to cambridge. We'd like to arrive by 12:45. Please book 2 seats and give the refernce number.|TR6691 leaves peterborough at 11:48 and arrives in cambridge at 12:38. Your total for 2 ticketsis 33GBP, payable at the station, and the confirmation is 5W98EJ2Y. Is there anything else?
Actually, I could use some help finding a theatre to visit in town while I am there.|Okay would you like a specific area?
Yes, I'd like a place in the center of town, please.|There are four theatres in the centre that you could visit.
Which one would you recommend?|the cambridge corn exchange	is one of our most popular theatre. Would you like any more information?
Sure- what is the entrance fee, phone number, and postcode?|The phone number is 01223357851.
And, what is the postcode and entrance fee, please?|I'm sorry, the postcode is cb23qe, but the entrance fee is not listed online.  You would have to call them at 01223357851.
Okay thank you, thats all i need for now.|Please let us know if there is any way we can help you in the future. Have a great day. Goodbye!
I am looking for an east-based place to go in town.|How about funky fun house? It's in the east. cambridge museum of technology is also in the east.
Can you tell me what the entrance fee is for those?|The Cambridge Museum of Tech. costs 5 pounds.  There is no information on the admission price for Funky Fun House.  Would you like their phone number?
No, thanks. Can I get the postcode for Funky Fun House, please?|Yes, of course.  It is cb58hy.  Is there anything else I can find out for you?
Thank you very much!|So, is that all you needed today?
Yes, that's all. Thank you.|You're welcome. Goodbye!
Would you like me to look up entertainment for you?|Actually, I think that it's me who should be looking entertainment up for YOU! There are 5 entertainment venues around the city. What part of town would you like to visit?
I'd like a type of entertainment in the south, please.|I have two options for you. Both are in the south part of town. One is Nusha and the other is Tenpin. Do you have a preference?
Give me the address and postcode for Tenpin please.|cambridge leisure park, clifton way is the address. cb17dy is the postcode
Thanks. I also need a train from Bishops Stortford going to Cambridge.|What day do you need it for? When do you want to depart by?
I'd like to leave on Tuesday sometime after 09:00.|TR0635 leaves at 09:29. Would you like for me to book a seat?
Yes, I'll need 8 tickets please.|I have booked your tickets to Cambridge for 8 people on tuesday at 11:29. Reference number: SEDKQ1LD,  fee is 80.8 GBP payable at the station. Anything else?
That'll do it. Thank you very much!|Enjoy your trip!
Have a nice day!|Thank you for contacting us. Have a good day.
Yes, I am looking for information for a restaurant of moderate price serving catalan food.|I'm sorry, I don't have any restaurants that fit your needs, would another food type work for you?
How about a restaurant that serves British food?|There are 5 British restaurants that are moderately priced. Would you like to book a table with one of them?
Can you recommend a good one for me? I'll need the address and postcode.|The Oak Bistro is my favorite. They are located at 6 Lensfield Road, cb21eg. Can I help with anything else today?
Yes. I would like to go to a museum in the Centre of town. If price is no object, what's the best one?|There are quite a few museums in the centre of town, would you be interested in the Primavera or Cambridge Contemporary Art? If not there are others i can suggest.
The Primavera sounds good.  Can you give me the phone number, address and postcode?|The Primavera is located at 10 King S Parade, postcode cb21sj. The phone no. is 01223357708. Admission is free! Can I help you with anything else?
Yes, I'll need a taxi from the Primavera to Oak Bistro. Can you make sure I leave the Primavera no later than 17:00?|Okay, I have booked a taxi for you departing from Primavera at 16:45. The car will be a grey tesla and the contact number is 07439377051.
Wonderful, that is everything I needed. Thank You!|You are welcome. Have a nice day!
i am looking for places to go in town. The attraction should be in the centre and should be in the type of entertainment.|I am not finding anything like that, something else perhaps?
How interesting that there's NO entertainment in the centre of Cambridge, sound like a fun town... perhaps there is a college I could visit?|Yes, there are 13 colleges in the centre of town.
Could you suggest one and provide the postcode and phone number?|gonville and caius college's postocode is cb21ta and their phone number isv01223332400
Can I also get a place to stay, needs to include wifi but I dont care about parking.|There are 3 entries that meet your criteria. I would recommend the A and B guesthouse or Avalon as they both get 4 stars.
I actually want a hotel with 0 stars, I don't like stars.|Okay I have one option for you called Cityroomz. Would you like me to book that for you?
Yes, I would like to book it for 2 nights starting from Monday for 6 people. Please let me know the reference number.|You're all set. Your Reference number is : F2PPHLSX.
thank you that will be all|You're very welcome. Enjoy your stay!
Hi there, I'm in the centre of town and I'm bored. Can you tell me about what sorts of things to do there are around here?|There are museums, concert hall, cinema, and boating. What kind of attraction do you find interesting?
Could I have the addresses and postcodes for all of them please?|I can give you that information once we narrow down your interest to a few locations.  What type of attraction are you looking for?
What do you recommend?|I would recommend architecture and there are many places to visit and see great architecture.
Can I get the postcode, address of a great architecture place to visit please?|I would recommend old schools, located on trinity lane, post code cb21tt.  Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, I need a train. I'll be departing from broxbourne on friday.|Okay, I have 19 trains leaving Broxbourne on Friday. Do you have a specific location you're wanting to go to?
Yes, my destination is cambridge.  I need to get there by 15:45.|I have train TR2144 that departs at 14:32 and arrives by 15:32. Would that work for you?
What is the price?|It's 17.90 pounds per ticket. Would you like to book that train?
Yes I would like to book that ticket for Friday please.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 17.89 GBP payable at the station .
Reference number is : 458XMYMR.
Thank you, that't all I needed.|Thank you and enjoy your visit to cambridge. Have a good day.
Thanks again for all your help. Goodbye.|Thank you you too
I'm looking for a guesthouse that has free wifi preferably in the centre.  Can you help me?|I'll recommend Alexander Bed and Breakfast that is rated 4 stars. Their phone number is 01223525725
Can you book a room for me and send me the reference number please.|how long will your stay be?
We are going to be staying for 2 nights beginning Saturday.|I'd be happy to help with your request, but first I'll need to know how many people will be staying?
There will be 7 people staying.|I have successfully booked 2 nights for 7 people at the Alexander Bed and Breakfast. Your reference number is D4MCY7TT. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Thank you. We are also looking for an entertainment attraction in the centre.|The Vue Cinema is in the centre area.
What is the postcode and entrance fee.|I'm not showing a listed entrance fee. Their postcode is cb11ps.
Great! Can I book a taxi? I need to leave the hotel by 17:30.|Look for a blue Toyota and the contact number is 07825644366. Will there be anything else I can assist you with today?
No, that's all I needed today. Thank you for you help. Have a great day.|Thanks for using us! Enjoy your trip!
Can you find me a boat attraction in the north?|Riverboat georgina	is available in the north.
Ok, great. Can you provide me with their address and phone number?|Address is cambridge passenger cruisers, jubilee house and the phone number is 01223902091.
Ok, I'm also looking for an inexpensive restaurant. One with Indian food.|I don't have any Indian restaurants in the South, but I do have 4 inexpensive Indian restaurants elsewhere - 3 in the centre and 1 in the north.
Can I get more information about the one in the north?|Royal Spice is a cheap indian restaurant. They are located on Victoria Avenue, Chesterton. Their postcode is cb41eh. You can reach them at 01733553355.
ok, i want to book a table there please|What day would you like those reservations?
I would like it for Tuesday for 6 people at 15:15.|success! Reference is XSUQLCNZ,  anything else today?
That's what I needed for now. Thank you very much. Goodbye.|Enjoy your visit!
What is the best cinema in Cambridge you can recommend?|Cineworld and Vue are both excellent. Do you prefer the south or centre of town?
The exact area does not matter.|Cineworld is located at cambridge leisure park, clifton way.
Sounds great. What area is that in? And could you get me the phone number?|Cineworld is in the South and their number is 00872208000. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I also need a train.|I will book it for you,is there anything else I can do for you ?
Yes! I am leaving from Cambridge on Tuesday. You need this info.|Alright and when would you want to leave by?
I am going to birmingham new street and want to leave after 21:00|TR5600 leaves at 21:01.  Can I book a seat for you?
How much is it?|The price of the train is 75.10 pounds.
What time does that train arrive?|The train arrives at 23:44.
Okay, I'm all done for today. Thanks, bye|Would you like reservations for the train?
I am looking for places to go, preferably a college.|christ's college is in the center of town and free to enter.
Can you provide me with the area, phone number and address of Christ's College please?|Christ's College is located in the centre of cambridge in postal code, cb23bu. It is on saint andrew's street. The phone number is 01223334900. Is there anything else?
Yes, I would also like too book a train to Stevenage, I would like for it to arrive by 19:15.|Where would you like to depart from, and what day?
I'm departing from cambridge on friday.|TR0217 departs cambridge at 17:21 on friday and arrives at stevenage at 18:10. Would you like to book tickets on this train?
Yes that sounds like it will work for us, please book me 7 tickets and provide a reference number.|Great! You're booked with reference number 826WFFTU. The total fee is 89.6 GBP payable at the station. May I help with anything else?
That is all I need right now. Thank you for all of your help!|Great!  Well, thanks for calling! You have a good day!
I'd like to go to the theatre, can you tell me about what's available in Cambridge, please?|There are 5 theaters in the whole of Cambridge, do you have a specific area in mind?
I prefer the center of town|There are four theaters showing up in the centre part of town.  It looks like one of them is a arts theater.  Do you want info?
Yes please! What's the postcode, fee, and number?|The Cambridge Arts Theatre is located in 6 Saint Edward's Passage Postcode cb23pj, phone 01223503333. There isn't information about entrance fee.
I would also like a restaurant that is in the North area that serve Northern European food.|Unfortunately, we don't seem to have any listings that match your criteria. Would you like to look for a different type of cuisine or a different area of the city?
How about a Chinese food restaurant?|I would recommend Hakka.  It is in the north area and I've heard it's great.
OK go ahead and book a table for 3 people at 18:00 on thursday.|I do apologize, but they're all booked up. Would you like to try another day or time slot?
Yes, can we try 17:00?|That time was successful. Your table will be reserved for 15 minutes. The reference number is: L85JERQH. Anything else today?
Yes, please.  I'd like a taxi between the two places to arrive by 17:00.|Booking completed!
Booked car type	:	grey bmw
Contact number	:	07714877467
is there anything else i can help you with?
I am looking for places to go in the east side of town.|I have many places on the east side. Would you like a museum or maybe a boat?
I would like a boat type. Thank you.|Camboats is available in the east area their address is the plough, green end, fen ditton
Thank you, can I get the postal code and phone number as well?|Sure, their postcode is cb58sx and their phone number is 01223902112. Can I assist you with anything else today?
Yes. I need a hotel with a star rating of 0 that includes free parking.|We have 2 choices city centre north b and b in the north and el shaddai in the centre, both are guesthouses in the cheap range.
Whichever one provides free parking and is at least a 4 star will work.  Please book and provide a reference number.|They both offer free parking but they are both 0 stars.
Alright pick one then.|Alright, I just need to know how many people will be staying there, from what day, and how many nights, please?
Does it have internet?|El Shaddai is 0 stars and has internet and parking. How many people will be staying?
I'm not booking it now, just gathering information which you have provided.  Thank you very much!  That is all I need.  Goodbye.|Thank you for contacting Cambridge TownInfo centre. Goodbye!
I am planning to visit cambridge and would like a train leaving on thursday.|No problem. Which station will you be departing from?
Stansted airport. Also, if I could arrive by 11:00 that would be great.|Train TR0031 departs Stansted Airport for Cambridge at 09:24 and arrives at 09:52.  Would this be ok?
Sounds great!  Can I get tickets for 3 people?|I've booked you 3 tickets. Your total is 30.29 pounds and the reference number is 51M2VN7D.
Great. I am also looking for colleges to visit in the west.|There are 5 colleges there. Churchill college, Clare College, Clare Hall, Magdalene College and Queens' College
Can I get more information on the first one?|Churchill College is on Storey's Way, their postcode is cb30ds and phone number is 01223336233. It's free to get in. Is there anything else you'd like to know?
No, that is all that I needed.  Thank you so much for your help!  Goodbye.|You're so welcome! Have a great day!
Can you find a train for me that leaves from Stevenage and is going to Cambridge? Thanks.|Yes, I can help you. What day and time would you like to travel?
Wednesday, and I would like to be there by 08:00.|Yes, you'll want to take TR9448.  It will leave Stevenage at 5:54 and arrive by 06:43.
An how much will that cost?|That will cost you 12.80 pounds per ticket
I am also looking for a attraction called whale of a time. Do you have more information on that?|Whale of Time is an entertainment venue in the West. The phone number is 01954781018. Do you need more information?
No, that will be all. Thank you!|Thank you for contacting us. Have a great day.
Are there any museums you can recommend?|Well, there are 23 museums to choose from. If you give me a specific area I can narrow down the choices.
No how about you pick on and give me the entrance fee if any and the phone number please|The museum of classical archaeology has free admission and its phone number is 01223335153. Do you need anything else?
Great I'm also looking to travel to london kings cross on monday by train|Did you have any preference for departure or arrival times?
As early as possible in the morning.|The TR7075 meets your criteria. It leaves at 5:00. Would you like to make a booking?
Does that train depart from Cambridge?|Yes, it departs from Cambridge
Why did I ask this?  Of course it would be cambridge  Sorry, my mistake.  Please book me for 1 person and I need a reference number.|Your total is 23.6 GBP, which you will pay at the station. Your Reference number is : PQ7PVOTI.
Wonderful, thanks for your help today.|You are very welcome! Safe travels!
Hi there, I am looking for a train going to Cambridge, and departing from London liverpool street. Can you book me one?|Absolutely.  Can you please tell me what day you would like the booking to be made for?
I'll be traveling on Saturday, please. Oh and I don't want to leave too early, let's say something after 17:45.|The first train after 17:45 from London Liverpool Street to Cambridge leaves at 19:39 and arrives at 21:07. Would that be to your liking?
That would work, could you tell me the travel time for that as well?|Absolutely. The travel time is 88 minutes for that route. Would you like me to book a ticket for you?
No, I don't need it booked right now. I would really like to find a college to visit in town.|I have many colleges but I could recommend clare hall. It is on the west side. Would you like more information on one?
Yes.  Could you tell me what the entrance fee is?|The entrance fee is 2.50 pounds.  Is there anything else I can help you with?
Thank you for that information, you've been very helpful. I will call back when I'm ready to book the train.  Goodbye.|Thank you for using our system today!
I am looking for a restaurant sitar tandoori. Can you give me more information?|Sitar tandoori is a indian restaurant in the east. It is considered expensive.  Would you like to make a reservation?
Yes. I would like to book a table for 6 at 18:00 on Monday please.|sorry, the booking was unsuccessful. can you please choose another day or time slot?
Can you try for 17:00 instead? And if they are available, I need the reference number.|Alright, I've got your reservation booked, reference number is PE2FBNEN.
Thanks. I am also looking for a college to visit while I am in town.|there are no colleges in the east. can i look somewhere else?
How about in a different area?|There are 4 colleges in the west. Churchill college is located at storey's way. It's entrance fee is free.
i need information about  wandlebury country park|Wandlebury country park is located at wandlebury ring, gog magog hills, babraham.  It is free to enter and the phone number is 01223243830. Can I help with anything else?
What type of attraction is this?|This is a park.  Can I help you with anything else?
Just want to check if that address was legitimate, than I need a place to stay with free wifi and free parking.|I have many the would suit you. Do you have any preferences ?
Yes, I'd like a hotel with a star of 0. Actually, instead of a hotel, can we look for a guesthouse?|There's one located in the north and one in centre. Do you have a preference?
No but you can book it for 7 people and 5 nights starting from wednesday|Reference number is : KCN9OPOM. Is there anything else?
Thank you so much. That is all I need today.|Okay. Just to confirm for you, the booking was at City Centre North B&B. Have a safe trip.
I'd like to attend an architecture related attraction in the centre, do you have anything of that nature?|The all saints church is in the centre of town.  Would you like the address?
Yes that would be great. Can you also give me the phone number and entrance fee? Thanks|the phone number is 01223452587 and admission is free!
What is the address?|The address is jesus lane.
Thanks.  I am also looking for an expensive place to stay.  I'll need free wifi.|Okay, what area would you like to stay in?
in the north, please.|I'm unable to find any places to stay that match those specifications.  Is there anything you'd be willing to change about where you want to stay?
how about something in the north?|I have nothing in the north. Can I try something else?
Let's try the centre of town please|University Arms Hotel is a great hotel in the centre in the expensive price range. Would you like to make a reservation?
Do it also have free parking?|Yes it does include free parking.
Thank you, I would like to book it for 8 people for 2 nights starting from friday|Booking was successful. Reference number is : FN6WAJPB. Is there anything else I can do for you?
Great, thank you so much for your help today.|You're welcome. Is there anything else that I can do for you today?
No that is it. Thank you.|Thanks for letting us assist you today! Enjoy your visit! Goodbye.
Hello, I am looking for People's Portraits Exhibition at Girton College, can you help me?|Yes.  I see the exhibition.  Would you like the address?
yes, I would like the area and the postcode.|It is located in the west, at postcode cb3ojg. Anything else for you today?
That is all I need for today. Thanks for your help!|Have a great day!
i want to sight see in cambridge and want to see architectural stuff|I have some great sights for you. All saints church, great saint mary's church, holy trinity church, little saint mary's church and the old schools.
What area is all saints church located? Is there an entrance fee?|All Saints Church is on Jesus Lane in the center of town. There is no entrance fee.
Thanks! I've also heard about a little place in town called Autumn House. What can you tell me about it?|Autumn house is a guesthouse in the east area.  Despite being rated at 4 stars prices are cheap compared to others.  Interested in more info?
Can you book a room for me?|sure for how many and when?
Yes thursday and at 17:50.|Can you give me the number of days and people you would like to stay, please.
It'll be for 7 people, 2 nights, starting saturday.|I have you booked for 2 day for 7 people.
What is the reference number for that booking?|Your Reference number is 8J8MEI06.  Can I do anything else for you?
That will be all. Thanks for your help.|Happy to be of service, and enjoy your time in Cambridge!
Hi, I'm looking for a guesthouse. Do you know of any 4-star properties?|There are many options that are 4 star. Is there a particular area or price point you would like to stay in?
No particular area but free parking would be nice|Acorn Guest House located in the North is a 4 star location with free parking and wifi, would that suit your needs?
Yes please book that for 5 people for 3 nights starting on Saturday.|The booking was successful.  Your reference number is:  DKI36RGY.   Is there anything else I can do to help you today?
Actually, yes. I wanted to visit a college whilst I'm in town. Could you recommend one for me?|We have a large number of colleges, could you tell me the area you would like to visit one in?
I really do not have a preference on the area. Which one would you recommend?|christ's college is free and located in the centre. Would you like anything else today?
Can you give me the phone number for it?|The phone number is 01223334900
I will also need a taxi between them. I need to leave the hotel by 24:45.|A red volkswagen is booked. 07772378395 is the number. Do you need more help?
That is all I need, thanks.|Okay, I'm glad to have assisted you today!
I'm looking for a nightclub to visit in the centre area.|There are 5 nightclubs in the centre area, there is ballare, club salsa, kambar, soul tree nightclub and the fez club. Would you like more information on one?
Can I just get the address for Ballare, please?|The Ballare is located in Heidelberg Gardens, Lion Yard. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Oh, no. That answered all my questions. Thanks. Goodbye!|Awesome.  Glad we could help!
I am looking for a place called The Fez Club in Cambridge.|There is a nightclub that is name Fez Club in Cambridge. Do you need their address?
Yes please let me know the area and address.|The Fez Club is located at 8 Market Passage in the centre of town. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes. I'm looking for a train leaving on Monday going to London Liverpool Street.|Great, and how many people will be riding with you?
There will be four people riding with me.|Where will you be departing from and what time would you like to arrive?
From cambridge to london liverpool street. I don't need a specific time, I just need to know the arrival time.|How about the TR1764 that arrives at 15:27?
Are there any trains that arrive after 21:00?|We have the TR0117 that arrives at 21:27. Does that work?
Sure, I would love to purchase my ticket.|I have booked your train for four 16.60 for each and 66.4 pounds total.  Your reference number is TITYQMLD. Can I help you with anything else?
That should be all that I need, thank you.|You're welcome - safe travels!
Hi. I'm looking for a place to stay in the North part of town. I'd like the hotel to have free parking.|I found 11 hotels do you have any other things you need the hotel to have?
Yes. I would like it to be a guesthouse with a star of 4.|How about the Acorn Guesthouse? It meets all of your criteria. Would you like me to make a reservation?
Yes, please make a reservation for 3 people for 4 nights starting from thursday.|Unfortunately, it looks like Acorn Guest House doesn't have that time available. Would you like me to try for a different day or shorter stay?
What about for 3 nights? Also can I get a reference number if it is available?|Your booking was successful. Your reference number for this booking is L9G43F5K.  Is there anything else you need help with?
I'm also looking for places to go. Is there a boat in the same area as the hotel?|Yes! It is called Riverboat Georgina.
Can I please have its address?|It's at cambridge passenger cruisers, jubilee house. Would you like any other information about it, or can I help you with anything else?
I'd like to book a taxi to go between the boat and the hotel.|I can help with that! What time do you need that taxi? And will you need to be picked up at the riverboat or the hotel?
I need a taxi that will take me from the riverboat to the hotel.  I want to leave the riverboat at 04:00.|OK, you are booked in a White Skoda. Your reference number is 07648586609.
Can I have a contact number for the taxi?|The contact number for the taxi is 07648586609.
Thanks so much. That's all I need today.|Thank you for using our system!
Hello. I need to get to the airport from my hotel.|When do you want to leave?
I am looking for places to go in the East side of town. Do you have any suggestions?|There are ten different attractions on the east side of town, could I recommend the Funky Fun House entertainment attraction?
That's sounds great. Can I have the telephone number? I'm also looking for a place to dine in the expensive price range in the same area, any suggestions?|The phone number for Funky Fun House is 01223304705. There are 5 expensive restaurants in the East. Do you have a cuisine preference?
I'd prefer a place that serves Indian food.|There are two restaurants like you want the Pipasha restaurant and Sitar Tandoori.  Do you have a preference as to which one you would like to book?
I'm not ready to book yet.  Can you give me the postcode for Sitar Tandoori?|The postal code for Sitar Tandoori is cb19hx.
I would like to book a taxi to take me from Sitar Tandoori to Funky Fun House at 21:30. Can you provide a contact number and the car type?|A red lexus will pick you up from sitar tandoori at 21:30. Your contact number is 0735340742.
Thanks! That's all I needed today. Goodbye!|Thank you! Have a nice day!
Can you find me a good restaurant in the city centre?|there are quite a number. what is your price range?
I don't really have one but would like to try a European restaurant.|Okay, how about Eraina that's on Free School Lane City?
Sounds great. Would you book me a table for 8, for Monday at 19:00?|Your table is booked!  Reference #: GV2YF6H5.  The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.  Can I assist you with anything else today?
Are there any entertainment venues near the restaurant?|There are 44 options available. Is there anything particular you are interested in ?
The attraction should be in the same area as the restaurant and should be in the type of entertainment. A museum|There are 11 museums is that area. The great thing is they are all free. Do you want additional information on any of them?
What area are they in?|They are all located in the centre the same as the restaurant. Would you like me to recommend one?
Yes, please provide a suggestion.|The fitzwilliam museum has amazing art and sculpture. The address is trumpington street and the phone number is 01223332900. Do you want more information?
I will also need a taxi from the attraction to my dinning.|Your red toyota has been booked and its contact number is 07932820731.
Thank you so much for all your help.|You are welcome.  Enjoy your time in Cambridge.  Goodbye.
I am looking to go to a museum in the east part of Cambridge, can you help me find one?|How about cambridge artworks? It's on the east side and it's free admission.
That sounds good. What is the postcode?|The postcode for Cambridge Artworks is cb13ef. Can I help you with anything else?
I'm in need of a guesthouse. I'd like it to have three stars.|There are 4 guesthouses available, two in the north, one each in the south and west.  Do you have a preference on area?
Yes, I'd prefer a moderate place in the south.|Bridge guest house is a guesthouse in the south in the moderate price range. It also has parking and internet. Would you like to book a room?
yes please for 7 people and for 3 nights starting Wednesday|Congratulations! Your hotel was booked with the reference number 89RKAN7M. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No, you've been great.|Thank you for allowing me to assist you today.  Please enjoy your stay and let us know if there's anything we can help you with in the future!
I will be visiting Cambridge and I need to arrive by 9:15 on Saturday.|Okay, I can help you with that. Where will you be departing from?
I'll be departing from peterborough.|There is a train leaving at 8:19 and will arrive at 9:09. Would you like me to book that for you?
Can I get the price and train ID please?|Yes.  The train ID is TR6763 and the price per seat is 13.20 pounds.
I'm also looking for swimming pools in the area. Can you help me?|There are four swimmingpools in the area. What area of town would you prefer?
is there a swimming pool in the east?|There is! Abbey pool and astroturf pitch is located in the east. Would you like their phone?
Yes please. And can I also get the entrance fee?|I am sorry, there is no listing for an entrance fee available.
Can I please get the address for the swimming pool.|Sure thing. They are located on Pool Way, Whitehill Road off Newmarket Road. Is there anything else I can help with?
Can you give me the phone number for the pool?|The number is 01223902088, is that all you need?
What's the entrance fee?|There is no information for that. I'm sure if you call, they would be happy to provide it for you.
Okay, I will do that, thank you for your help.|You are welcome. Would you like for me to book train TR6763 for you?
No thank you.  Goodbye!|Have a great day!
I'm looking to visit a museum in the east part of town.|There are three free museums, are these the ones you would like?
Sounds great. Could you recommend one, and give me the address, postcode, and phone number?|Cambridge Artworks 5 Greens Road cb13eg 012202168.
Thank you, also can you help me find a place to eat?|Of course! Are you craving anything in particular?
actually, i'm looking for a place to stay.|I found 33 locations so i may better serve you what is your price range and area?
A guesthouse in the northern part of town, please.|it will be possible and i will find you one thanks a lot
I am looking for a train to cambridge leaving on Sunday.|May I please have where you are departing from?
I am departing from Leicester and need to leave after 8:45.|Two trains leave after 8:45, TR1079 leaves at 9:09 and arrives at 10:54, and TR1744 leaves at 10:09 and arrives at 11:54, there are also 3 other trains that leave later.
Great I'll take TR1079 for two people please give me the reference number.|Great, your reservation is booked, your reference number is N7MG5RD7 and the total cost is 60.48 GBP
Great. I'm also looking to book that for two people. Also, I'm interested in places around town. Any parks in the south area?|There are 2 parks in the south area. Both are free.
Can I get the phone numbers for both please?|Absolutely you can! Sheep's Green and Lammas Land Park Fen Causeway can be reached at 01223302580 and you can dial 01223243830 to get in touch with Wandlebury Country Park.
Can I please get the entrance fee for the Lammas Land Park?|The entrance fee is free.  Can I help you with anything else?
No, that's all. You've been very helpful! Thank you.|You are most welcome please let us know if we can help you in the future.
Hi, I'm looking for upscale hotels in the north part of Cambridge. Are there any that also include free parking?|Acorn guesthouse is in the north part of town and has a 4 star rating, would you like to book that one?
Does it include free wifi?|Yes, the Acorn Guest House provides free wifi.
Can you book it for 6 people staying 5 nights starting on saturday? I'll need the reference number as well.|I certainly can. I have good news, I was able to get you into the Acorn Hotel for 5 nights accommodating 6 people. Your reference number is CO8AEKSX.
thanks!|Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
Yes. Can you also tell me if there is a park in the North by the hotel?|Milton Country Park is located in the north and admission is free.
Great! May I have the address and phone number?|The address is milton country park, milton and the phone number is 01223420060.  Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No, I think that's everything.  Thanks for the info.|Glad I could be of service!
Could you find me a cheap restaurant in the centre please|I have 15 in the centre. Did you have a food type preference?
Is there one that serves chinese food?|There are three Chinese restaurants. They are charlie chan, rice house, and golden house. Does one appeal to you?
Rice House sounds interesting, and I need some cheap egg rolls. What postcode is that place in?|The post code is cb12bd.  They have amazing egg rolls!
Thanks - I am also wondering if there are any multiple sports attractions in the city centre.|There are not. The only multiple sports center is located in the east. Would you like more info on it?
How about a college type attraction in the same area as the restaurant then?|Sure.  We have 13 colleges in the city centre.  While many are free, some do have an entrance fee.
Would you recommend one?|I would say Downing college is the best. What info shall I provide you with concerning that place?
Can I get their phone number, address and postcode please?|Their phone number is 01223334860, they are located at regent street, and their postcode is cb21dq.
I'd like a taxi to commute back and forth please.|What time would you like the Taxi?
I want to leave the restaurant by 17:00 please.|Your booking is complete. It will be a white honda and its contact number is 07316123574.
Thanks a bunch. Have a great night. Take care. Bye.|Thank you! Hope you have a wonderful trip!
Hello. I would like to visit an attraction called Byard Art. Can you help me get some information?|This is a museum in the south,  It's free to enter.  Would you like their contact info?
Yes, the address and postcode, please.|The address is 14 king's parade and postcode is cb21sj. Is there anything else you'd like to know?
Thanks so much.  Can you help me with a place to stay?|There are 33 hotels available. Is there anything in particular you are looking for?
The hotel should include free parking and should include free wifi. The hotel should be in the cheap price range|There are several to choose from. Do you have a particular part of town that you would like to stay?
Don't care as long as it has free wifi and parking|Might I recommend the Autumn House. It is 4 star rated and just underwent remodeling. It is quite a place to stay. Can I reserve you a room?
Is that an actual hotel?  I don't like guesthouses.|Yes that is a guesthouse. There is one hotel that is not a guesthouse in the west. It is The Cambridge Belfry. Would you like me to make a reservation?
No, just the postcode will be fine.|Okay the postcode is cb236bw. Anything else I can help you with?
Yes, I need to book a taxi to go between the hotel and byard art, I'll need to leave by 19:30|Could you clarify, which place do you intend to depart from and which do you want to arrive at?
I will be leaving from Byard Art by 19:30|It is all booked. Be expecting a blue Honda. Please call 07916276451 should you need to reach them.
Thanks for the help with the museum, hotel and taxi. I don't need anything else. Goodbye.|Thank you for letting us assist you today! Enjoy your trip! Goodbye.
What museums are in Cambridge?|There are 23 options. Do you want a particular area of town?
Um, yes, in the centre.|The Broughton House Gallery is in the Centre. Admission is free. Would you like directions?
That's okay, I just want the phone number for it.|The phone number is 01223314960. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Can you also help me find a train leaving on Sunday from cambridge?|Where is your destination and what time of day would you be looking to arrive?
I want to go to birmingham new street and I'm looking to arrive by 13:45.|How about the TR5401 that arrives at 12:44?
All that sounds perfect. I just need the price on one train ticket, please. Thank you and have a nice day.|The price is 60.08 pounds. Would you like to book this now?
Okay but first can I get the train ID please?|Of course, the train ID is TR5401. Would you like me to book this now?
Thanks, I actually don't need you to book a ticket. In fact, I'm all set. Thank you for your help!|You are welcome. Enjoy your stay.
Thank you very much!|You're very welcome.
Hey there. Can you help me find a swimming pool here in the city?|We have four such places. Got a preference for area?
Not really, no. Any area will do. Can you recommend one and provide me the phone number?|The parkside pools is in the centre area, phone number 01223446100. Can I help you any further?
No actually, that is just the information I needed.  Thanks and have a good day.|You're welcome. Have a great day!
I need a train to take me to Cambridge departing from London Liverpool Street.|What day were you thinking of traveling on?
On Thursday. I need to arrive by 20:45|May I suggest train TR7360 arriving at 19:07?
That would be fine. I'll need the travel time, departure time, and train ID, please?|As mentioned, it is TR7360. It leaves liverpool on thursday at 17:39. It arrives at cambridge at at 19:07. The cost is 16.60 pounds per ticket.
What's the duration of the trip?|The duration is 88 minutes. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, I also need a boat type of place to go in the north.|we have riverboat georgina
Can you give me the phone number, address and entrance fee?|Yes, the address is Cambridge passenger crusiers, jubilee house.  Their phone number is 01223902091.  I'm not sure about the entrance fee.  You could call them and find out?
Okay. Thank you for your time!|Before I let you go, has everything been resolved or are there other questions?
Have a great day.  I am all set.  Goodbye.|welcome and thanks for using our services.
What can you tell me about an attraction called the Fez Club?|It's a night club in the centre, at the address 8 market passage. It costs 5 pounds to get in. Would you like the phone number or postcode?
Yes, I need the phone number please.|The number is 01223519224. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I also need a train from Cambridge to Stansted Airport.|What day are you hoping to travel?
From Cambridge? Stansteadthrough the country though. but need to leave on Saturday and arrive n\by 14:30|TR6193 will have you there at 14:08. Would you like me to book a ticket for you?
I'm sorry, but I actually need to leave after 16:30.|What time do you need to arrive by?
I need to arrive by 17:45.|I found one train TR2001 which departs Cambridge at 16:40 and arrives at Stansted Airport at 17:08. Would you like me to book it for you?
Yes, please book me for that.  I will need one ticket.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 8.08 GBP payable at the station .
Reference number is : TRHSQ5WO.
That will be all. Thank you.|Have a great day, glad to help you.
I need a place to stay in the north with a 4 star rating please.|I have 8 guesthouses in the north.  Would you like some information on the Archway House? It has free parking and internet.
Is it in the cheap price range?|No, it's moderately priced would you like another hotel?
What hotels have free parking?|I have the archway house that offers free parking. Would you like to make reservations?
No thank you, could I have the address with postcode and phone number?|The address is 52 gilbert road cb43pe, phone number 01223575314. Is there anything else you need today?
I would like to find a boat in the north of town as well.|There is the Riverboat Georgina in the north.  Would you like the information for it?
Can you just give me the entrance fee amount and the address?|The address is cambridge passenger cruisers, jubilee house. The entrance fee is unlisted. Anything else today?
There is no entrance fee?|The entrance fee is not available. It is absent from my database.
Okay, thank you so much! I don't need anything else then, goodbye!|Thank you so much for using our services.  Goodbye.
I am looking for a vegetarian restaurant near South Cambridge, or a restaurant that has a variety of vegetarian dishes.|I'm sorry, I'm experiencing a system error. Could you please restate your request?
Uh, can you tell me where the Man on the Moon exhibit is?|Sure, its on 2 Norfold Street.  Anything else?
What is the area that is in?|It is in the centre of the city.  Can I help you with anything else?
Yes, I also need a place to stay I need a hotel that is expensive.|University arms hotel is also in the centre area in the expensive price range. Free parking and internet. Would you like to book a room?
Free parking isn't that expensive to me, are there any others or just the University Arms?|I have 5 hotels in total to choose from. We have a Marriott in the expensive price range in Cambridge if you are interested.
Does it have internet?|Yes, the Huntingdon Marriott has internet, would you like more information on this hotel?
Is it in the centre?  If it is, I would like to book it.|No it is in the west. Do you wanna book it? Would you like to try university arms hotel	instead, that is also in the centre.
Please book the Marriott for 4 please.|How many nights will you be staying?
I'm not sure yet.  I actually just need the info.  Sorry.|the huntingdon Marriott is a 4 star hotel on the west side. It is in Hinchinbrook business park and the phone number is 01480446000. Can I help with anything else?
No, that is all I need. Thank you for your help!|You are welcome! Have a wonderful day! Goodbye!
Can I get information on 3 star hotels in the moderate price range?|I have many can I ask what area you would like it in?
The hotel should be of the guesthouse type and should be located in the west area.|The Hobsons House is a guesthouse that is available. Would you like any additional information?
Can you book it for me?|Absolutely, how many days will you need and the number of people in the room?
book it for 7 people and 2 nights starting from saturday.|Booking is confirmed. Reference number is : I57N7Y29. May I assistance you with any additional assistance?
What are some attractions on the east side? Is there a swimming pool available?|Yes we have the abbey pool and astroturf pitch, is there anything else you need?
I need the postcodes and entrance fees please.|The postcode is cb58nt. You will have to call to find out the entrance fee. The phone number is 01223902088.
oh you don't have that information?|Sometimes we are provided information on the entrance fee, but unfortunately for this attraction we do not have it.
No problem, I can afford it, why am I so worried? lol.   That is everything I need, you were very helpful.|It was a pleasure helping you from the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Goodbye.
I need a swimming pool in the north.|I have 2 swimming pools in the north area. Jesus green outdoor pool or kings hedges learner pool. Would you like more infomation on one?
Yes what's the postcode for kings hedges learner pool?|The postcode for kings hedges learner pool is cb42xh
I'd also like to find an expensive restaurant in the same area, please.|Booking was not successful book another day or time slot please
I want an expensive restaurant that serves asian oriental food in the same area as the attraction, please.|The only restaurant in the area is kymmoy. Should I book it for you?
Please book for 2 people at 14:00 on Saturday. May I confirm the reference number?|Booking went through successfully. Your reference number is FK5FQYAN.
Thank you so much for your help. You have been most helpful.|You are most welcome!
I would like to look into more tourist information.|OK, I can definitely help you out, but I will need some more information from you first!
No problem, what would you like to know?|Are you looking for an attraction? If so, what type, and where?
Yes.  I am looking for a theatre.|How about the adc theater located in the centre area at park street?  Would you like more information on this theatre?
Yes, can I have the phone number? I am also looking for a place to stay in the west, with a moderate price range, free parking, and a star of 3.|The phone number is 01223300085. I have a perfect match for you, Hobsons House, located at 96 barton road. Do you need more information or do you want to book now?
Do you have Hobsons House phone number?|Sure... the phone number is 01223304906.  Would you like me to book this for you?
No thanks. I also need a taxi to commute between the two places. I want to leave the attraction by 03:45.|You taxi is booked, its a white bmw and contact number is 07062462058
thank you that will be all goodbye|Your welcome, have a nice day!
I wanted to visit a place called Center, could you tell me the hours it's open, and if it is an attraction that I would need to book in advance?|I'm sorry, I don't have a listing for an attraction by that name.
ok. can you find me a nice hotel where i can spend over the weekend|Perhaps you were interested in an attraction located in city CENTRE? Theatre? dancing? dining? museums? If not, I can help with hotel booking too.
Yes, I am interested in one located in the city Centre. Can you list out several for me so I can choose from them?|There are 44 different attractions in the centre ranging from architecture to nightclubs. What type of entertainment are you interested in?
Please give me a list of nightclubs and the admission fee|There are five nightclubs in the Centre. May I suggest Soul Tree Nightclub? It cost four pounds for the entrance fee.
Can you give me the post code for the Soul Tree Nightclub?|The postcode is cb23qf. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
I would also like to book a table for a restaurant that serves British food and is expensive. I need this to be in the same area as the nightclub.|I found 3 restaurants matching your request.  The cambridge chop house is very popular.  Would you like to book a table there?
yes can you please help me with that?|Yes when would you like to book?
I'd like to book a table for 12:00 on Wednesday|Ok, and for how many people?
I'd like it for 7 people please. And could you also get me a taxi to go between the two?|i booked that for you. your reference number is 2tn0v6dq.
Thank you. Can you also book me a taxi to go between the two?|Sure. I'll just need to know where you want to be picked up and where you want to be dropped off, plus either when you want to leave or arrive by
adress and phone number please and thank you|Unfortunately, I don't understand your message. To book your taxi, I need to know where you are starting and going to. I also need to know what time.
So sorry, I was distracted. I need to arrive at the restaurant in time for my booking, please.|I can book that for you now.
please do and give me car type and contact|Booking completed! Your car is a blue honda and the contact number is 07559573662.
Thank you so much. That's all I need for today.|You are welcome. It has been a pleasure assisting you today. Have a great day.
I need a train to cambridge from norwich on Sunday, please.|Sure, when would you like to leave?
I need to arrive by 14:30, is there anything for that time?|TR5225 arrives at 13:35 if that would work for you?
Yes perfect. What is the departure time on that train so I am not late.|Sorry it leaves at 09:16 and arrives at 10:35.
Wait, I thought it arrived at 13:35, no?|Yes you are correct train TR5225 arrives at 13:35.
Can you verify the departure time for that train again please?|The departure time is 12:16 PM
Thank you. I am also looking for a place to go in town. I'd like it to be located in the centre and be a mutliple sports|Unfortunately there are no such venues. Can I help you with anything else?
Are there any theatres to go to in the centre of town?|I have 4 options here. I suggest adc theatre at park street. Is there anything else I could help you with?
Yes can I get the address and fee and number for the theatre?|It's located on park street, postcode cb58as and their phone number is 01223300085. Unfortunately, their entrance fee is not available.
Thank you. You have bee very helpful. Have a nice day.|you are welcome, enjoy your stay.
I need to find a moderately priced place to stay, with free parking.|There are 14 places that match your preferences. Mind being more specific? Can I get an area you'd like to stay, or a star rating you'd prefer?
Anywhere is fine, but it needs to be a moderately priced 4 star hotel with free parking.|I'm sorry I can't find any hotel's that are moderately priced with 4 stars and parking. Did you have anything else in mind?
You are totally certain there isn't a single moderately priced hotel with free parking and a 4 star rating?|Acorn guest house is avaialble but all we have matching that are guesthouses, no hotels.
The Acorn will do. Can you please book me a room for Monday for 3 people, 5 nights please?|Unfortunately, they do not have that available. Would you like to try a shorter stay?
Can you try 1 night?|I was able to book your room for one night successfully. Your reference number is OESTHWO3. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Great I also am looking for a place to go that is a museum.|I'd like to suggest the broughton house gallery. Do you need any information on it?
Yeah, could I get its postcode, phone number, and address, please?|Broughton house gallery is at 98 king street, postcode cb11ln. Tel. no. is 01223314960.
Can you book me a taxi to commute between the two places?|Sure, what time will you be needing the taxi?
I want to leave the gallery by 2:45.|Booking completed It will be a yellow Toyota and the contact number is 07664525287
Yes, I need to find a train departing from Broxbourne and going to Cambridge.|What day and time would you like to travel?
On Saturday. I would like to leave after eight thirty.|I have a train leaving at 8:32 and arriving at 9:32. Would you like me to book that for you?
Yes please that works for me.|Your booking was successful.  The total fee will be 14.32 GBP with reference #EAFSM2S0.
Great. I am also looking for some entertainment in the centre of town. Any ideas?|I have over 40 different choices. Can you tell me what you would like to see or do in order to narrow down the search?
Is there anything in the entertainment type? If not, then a museum would be nice.|The Cambridge contemporary art museum is in the centre and free to attend.
Great! What is the post code and the address?|The address is 6 trinity street and the postcode is cb21su.
Thanks so much. I think I have all the info I need. Have a good day. Bye.|Okay, have a great day!
I am getting ready to go off to college. I thought while I was in town maybe I could visit one.|Great idea! There are 18 entries found! What area of town would you like to visit?
I think I'd like to visit the centre.|There are 13 colleges in the city center but I recommend visiting Downing college and it is free to get in.
Great!  Can I have the address, please?|Sure, it's located at Regent Street.
Great, thank you very much. That's all I need.|You're welcome. Have a great day!
Please find an Indian restaurant in the North.|There are two Indian restaurants in the north part of town: The Nirala, which is moderately priced, and Royal Spice, which is cheaply priced.
How about the cheap priced one?|The Royal Spice, then. Would you like the number, or a reservation?
Please set up a reservation. I need a setting for 7 people on Friday at 16:15, my wife's family is flying in then.|You are all set, the reference number is 03TK44PN.  Will you need assistance with a place to stay or a train?
No, but how about attractions in the same area as the restaurant?|There are 2 swimming pools, a park and a boat. Are any of those of interest to you?
i like the park. can i get the phone number and address|The address is Milton Country Park, Milton and the phone is 01223420060.
Ok great, thanks very much!|You are very welcome, enjoy!
We are planning to be in cambridge. We would like to go to a swimmingpool in the east. Are there any available in the east?|Yes! Abbey Pool and Astroturf Pitch is in the East, on Pool Way, Whitehill Road, off Newmarket Road. Can I help you with anything else?
Could I get the phone number and what the entrance fee is please?|Of course! The phone number is 01223902088. The entrance fee is unknown, I'm afraid. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Could you give me some information about a hotel called Allenbell?|Yes, the Allenbell is a 4-star guesthouse located in the east part of town.
Can you please book it for me? 5 nights starting on Monday for 7 people.  Please and thank you.|I was able to book that for you. Your confirmation number is 0CPDT1O5. Can I help you with anything else?
No, nothing else. Thanks so much.|You're welcome, have a great day!
Hello! I'm looking for a fun attraction in the center of town.|I have two nightclubs and a cinema. Would either  of these venues interest you?
How about the cinema? Could you tell me their name, as well as their phone number and entrance fee?|The Vue Cinema is located at The Grafton Centre on East Road. Their phone number is 08712240240 and there is no entrance fee listed.
Thank you very much.  I am also interested in a hotel named "Bridge Guest House."  Can you please provide me with a bit of information regarding this hotel?|Bridge guesthouse is moderately prices with 3 stars, wifi and parkign are included.  Would you like more info on them?
Can you just go ahead and book that for me?|i sure can, what day are you wanting to check in?
I want to go on Sunday. 7 people and 5 nights. Thank you.|Booking was successful. Reference number is : LVEIJI1A.
Thank you, have a great day.|i hope i have been of help to you.
You have. Thanks again. Good-bye.|Have a great day!
I'm looking for a place to stay in the north that has free wifi.|There are 12 options in the north, any others preferences?
I don't need parking.|i can only find avalon guesthouse
That sounds fine. What is their address and postcode? Oh, I'll need their phone number too, if it's available.|They are located at 62 gilbert road cb43pd, phone number 01223353071. Would you like me to book it for you?
yes please book it for me thank you|Sure thing what nights will you be staying?
Actually, I don't want to book it at this time. Can I get some information about the Vue Cinema, though?|of course, what would you like to know?
I would like the address and phone number.|the phone number is 08712240240 and the address is at The Grafton centre, East Road
Thanks.  Do you know if there is an entrance fee?|I don't have any information about the entrance fee, sorry.
Oh, that's alright, thanks for your help!|You're welcome! Is there any other attraction I can look up for you? Or any other info you need?
No, thank you. That's all I need today.|It was a pleasure assisting you today. Good-bye.
I need a place to eat that is cheap.|Does location matter?
Yes, in the South, I am also looking for Romanian food.|There are no restaurants that meet what you're looking for. Is there anything else you'd like to try?
Same area and price, but portuguese, anything for that?|Sorry I don't have anything for that either.
Can you try chinese?|Sorry I don't have anything for that either.
You choose as long as it is cheap. Could you book a table for 7 people at 15:45 on Wednesday?|You are booked at Nando's, a cheap portuguese restaurant in the south. Your reference number is ZS1PDFZA.
Are there any museums close to restaurant?|I found only the Byard Art musuem in the south. There's no entry fee. Phone number, 01223464646.
What is the address for the museum?|it is in the north address is 14 king's parade and free admittance
Great! Thanks. Have a good night. Bye.|You're welcome, let me know if I can assist with anything else.
Hello. I am looking for attractions in the east Cambridge area, can you help me?|I have lots of different options. What type of attraction are you interested in. I have museums, entertainment, boating, etc?
Maybe entertainment. Can you give me postcode and entrance fee information?|Sure, the Funky Fun House is located in postcode cb58hy, but the entrance fee is not listed.  You could call them at 01223304705.  Can I give you any other information today?
Can you look up a train for me? I'll be departing from broxbourne and would like to leave after 15:15.|I have a train leaving broxbourne at 15:32 and arriving in cambridge at 16:32. Would you like me to book that for you?
That sounds great. Can I get the train ID please?|The trainID is TR4031, anything else I could help you with?
What is the price for the train ticket?|The train ticket costs 17.90 pounds. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
That's all I need. Thank you.|No thank you. Thank you for your help.
Thanks again for your help.|Enjoy your trip!
Hello, can you give me information about Express by Holiday Inn Cambridge, please?|Sure, it is located at 15-17 Norman Way, Coldhams Business Park.  That is the east side of town.  It's pretty expensive, but very nice.
Price is of no concern since I just won the lottery. Please book a room starting on Monday for 2 people for 3 nights. Thanks!|Congratulations! I have made your reservation. Do you want the reference number now?
Yes I would like the reference number, thank you.|Reference number is : JEEFI2OW. Is there anything else you need?
Yes, can you help me find a great place to spend my time and money in town. I prefer the east. It's time to live life to the fullest!|i have found 10 attractions. what type of attraction did you have in mind?
Can you recommend one and give me their post code.|Sure. How about the Funky Fun House and their telephone number is 01223304705?
could I have the postcode please|Yes, it is cb58hy.  What else can I help you with today?
I am pretty sure i wont be in condition to drive if you know what i mean, need a taxi from the attraction to the restaurant, leaving at 05:15|I do not have a restaurant for you. Shall I book one before I book the taxi? Or would you like to go from the Funky Fun House to the hotel?
I am sorry. Yes please book from the funky house to the hotel.|Your taxi has been booked. You will be picked up at the Funky Fun House a 05:15. Please look out for a red volkswagen. The contact number is 07739352636.
Thank you for helping me.|You're welcome! Can I help you with anything else?
Actually that's all, thank you.|Great thanks for letting us assist you today!
I need to find a place to visit while in town. What attractions are in Centre?|There are a lot! We have some impressive architecture, historic colleges, theatres, and more. What sort of thing appeals to you?
I'd like to see a college, please.|There are 13 colleges in the centre. Gonville and Caius college is fascinating and it is free. Does this appeal to you?
Sounds good.  Can I get the address with the postcode for that one, please?|Yes, the college is located on trinity street, postcode cb21ta.  Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Is it free?  I also am looking for a Mediterranean restaurant in the same area.|Yes the college entrance is free. I also found 3 restaurants with mediterranean cuisine in the same area. two are in the centre. can you give a price range?
I'm looking for something cheap, I'm on a budget.|The Gardenia is a cheap Mediterranean restaurant. Would you like me to make reservations there for you?
No I will take care of that. Please provide the phone number, address, and postcode for the restaurant|You got it!  The Gardenia is located at 2 Rose Crescent City Centre, cb23ll.  The phone number is 01223356354.  What else can I do for you?
I also need to book a taxi from the College to the restaurant.|I can help you with that. What time do you want to leave the college and arrive at the gardenia?
I want to leave at least by 14:45 if that is okay.|That is fine, I've got you booked with a white Tesla.
Thanks. Can I get the taxi company's contact phone number please?|Sure , their number is 07328080907. What else can I help you with today?
That's all I needed. Thank you.|No problem, enjoy the rest of your day.
I need a train leaving cambridge on thursday.|There are quite a few running all day to many different stations. Where would you like to go?
I would like to go to Leicester and get there by 18:45|Sure, I can get you aboard a 15:21 arriving at 17:06. Would you like me to book a seat aboard TR9839?
Not right now.  Thanks for the information though!  Have a great day! Goodbye.|You're welcome! Have a great day!
Oh wait!  Before you go, can you give me some information on the cherry  hinton village centre?|Of course. The Cherry Hinton Village Centre has multiple sports in the east end of town.
Sounds good. What is the postcode, please?|The postcode is cb19ej. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, may I have their address, please?|The address is colville road, cherry hinton.
That is all I need, thank you.|Thank you for using our service.  have a good day!
Good bye.|Enjoy your day. Good bye.
I am looking for an architecture attraction somewhere in Cambridge.|There are 5 different attractions all located in the centre of the city. I'd recommend holy trinity church.
Okay.  Can you tell me how much it costs to get in?|It is free.  Is there anything else that I can help you with?
Yes, what can you tell me about a hotel called the Warkworth House?|Hey, the Warkworth is in the East part of town, it's a four star hotel with moderate pricing.  What can I tell you about it?
I would like to book it for 8 people for 2 nights starting on wednesday.|Your hotel is booked starting Wednesday and your reference number is PADGS18.  May I assist you with anything else today?
Actually, yes. I need a taxi to pick me up from Holy Trinity Church at 1:15  and take me to the hotel.|I have booked you a taxi that will pick you up at 1:15 from Holy Trinity Church. Would you like the car type and contact number?
Yes, please, that would be nice.|The vehicle you will be expecting is a black Tesla . The contact number is 07726876557. Anything else you need?
No thank you, that is everything.|You're welcome. Have a good day!
I'd like to find an Italian restaurant, on the west side.|prezzo and la margherita are both Italian restaurants located on the west side.
Which one is cheap?|La Margherita is in the cheap price range.  Would you like me to book that for you?
No thank you. Could I get the address and postcode please?|The address is 15 Magdalene Street, City Centre. The post code is cb30af. Can I assist you further?
i also need a place to go which should be in the type of a boat|camboats is located in the east or scudamores punting co is in the centre.
Can I get info to the one in the east please. thank you,|Camboats is located at The Plough, Green End, Fen Ditton and their phone number is 01223 902 112. Can I help you with anything else today?
I'm going to need a ride to get to and from both places.|OK, what time do you need a taxi?
I would like to leave the restaurant by 03:45 please.|I'm happy to book you a taxi I need the following information to do so time of travel, name departure site, and name of arrival site.
In summary, I am leaving La Margherita restaurant by 03:45 to go to Camboats.|I have booked you a taxi. The contact number is 07041828683, and it will be a red Toyota. Can I assist you further?
That is all thank you.|Have a nice day, goodbye.
I'm looking for a train to stevenage, leaving on Sunday.|Train TR8464 leaves at 11:21 and arrives at 12:10. Would you like to book that one?
No, I need to leave some time after 14:30, and I'll be traveling to Cambridge.|There are many trains at that time, where are you leaving from?
Im leaving from Cambridge and going to Stevenage.|the 1st train out of cambridge going to stevenage is at 15:21 arriving at 16:10.  shall I get a ticket for you?
Before we do that are there any attractions that feature a swimming pool in town?|Yes, there are 2 in the north, 1 in the east and 1 in the centre. Which would you be interested in?
What is the name, entrance fee, and phone number of the one in the center?|The name is Parkside Pools.  The entrance fee is not listed in our database, but you could probably get it by calling them at 01223446100.
Do you have entrance fees for any of the others?|Actually none of the pools in our database have an entrance fee listed.  Is there anything else I can help you with?
No thank you that is all the information I need today.|Thank you for contacting Cambridge TownInfo centre.  I hope you have a pleasant trip!  Goodbye!
I'm looking for a hotel named Express by Holiday Inn Cambridge. Do you have any information on that?|Yes I do! The hotel is located at 15-17 norman way, coldhams business park and the phone number is 01223866800. Would you like for me to book you a room?
Yes, I would like to book the room for 3 people and 3 nights starting on Wednesday.|I'm sorry, I was unable to book for that day.  Would you like to try for another day or search for another hotel?
Can you try 1 night instead?|Ah yes. That worked. I have a booking for 3 people for one night. Your reference number is SERCRCLN. Is there anything else I can do for you?
Sure, Is there an attraction called Castle Galleries?|Yes, it's a museum in the city centre.
I'd like the phone number and postcode for the museum.|Phone number is 01223307402 and the postcode is cb23bj. Is there anything else I can help with?
Yes, please I would like a taxi to get me from the museum by 9:45 to my hotel.|I reserved a Blue Ford to pick you up at 9:45.  The contact number is 07985144147.  Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, thank you. I'm all set!|Thank you and enjoy your stay!
Are there good hotels that you can book?|Yes we have 33 locations, do you have any requirements?
I need it to have free wifi and priced moderately.|That cuts it down to 17 possibilities. Can you tell me the area of town you are interested in staying?
I want the north area.|I have two 2-star hotels available. If you'd like something rated more highly, there are also several guesthouse options that would meet your needs. Any preferences?
Are any options able to accommodate 6 people for 5 nights, starting Tuesday, with free parking? Hopefully, near some attractions too. Oh, and I almost forgot, may I get a reference number?|I booked the Acorn Guesthouse for you. Reference number is B1QXF4T2. Did you need to look up some attractions?
Yes please. What do you have in the same area as the hotel?|We have boating, a park, and two swimming pools. Do you want more information on any of these?
Boating sounds fun what's the entrance fee? I also need the phone number and address.|The entrance fee for riverboat georgina is only available at the location but it is located at cambridge passenger cruisers, jubilee house and you can reach them at 01223902091.
Thanks. Can you book me a taxi to take me from Acorn Guesthouse to the Riverboat Georgina by 20:15?|You are all set.  Look for a red Ford, contact number 07682372972.  May I be of any further assistance today?
I have everything I need. Thanks for all your help!|Okay great, have a nice day!
Hi, I'm looking for a nightclub located in the east.|There aren't any, unfortunately. Shall I look for something elsewhere?
No that's ok. Is there anything in the east in the category of multiple sports?|The cherry hinton village centre is a multiple sports attraction in the east.
Can I get their telephone number?|Sure! The telephone number is 01223576412. Is there anything else I can help with?
I also need their address.|Of course! The address is colville road, cherry hinton cb19ej. May I help with anything else?
I also need a 4 star hotel with free wifi. I prefer a guesthouse in moderate price range. It will be for 7 people for 2 nights starting from Monday.|I recommend Arcon guesthouse. It matches your description and even has free parking . Can I book you into it?
Yes please, and can you send me the reference number once the booking is complete?|I have booked you a room and the Reference number is : 42KEXQ3V.
Thanks. I need help with one more thing, a taxi to travel from the hotel.|I can book you a taxi from the Acorn to the Cherry Hinton centre, but I do need to know what time you'd like to go!
between the hotel and the arcon guest house.|I am sorry but I can't book it without the time. When did you want to go?
Oh sure, I would like to leave the hotel by 9:45.|Okay. I booked you a black skoda and the contact number is 07991291688.
Thanks so much. That's all I need today.|Thank you and enjoy your stay.
I wanted help with finding a hotel in Cambridge today.|Sure, are you looking to stay on a certain part of town?
I don't have a preference.  But it does need to have 4 stars and include free parking.|I have two hotels located in the west. One is cheap and one is expensive. One hotel is located in the centre and is expensive. Any preference?
Can you tell me the area the cheap one is in and give me it's phone number?|The cheap hotel is in the west.  The phone number is 01954714600. Can I help you with something else?
Yes, could you give me information on the cambridge corn exchange?|sure, what kind of information are you looking for?
I need the postcode please.|here you go 	cb236bw
That is all I need, thank you. Good bye.|Have a great day, please let us know if you need any further assistance.
I'm looking for entertainment places in the centre of town.|I apologize there are currently no entertainment places in this area. I would be more than happen to look in another area or other attraction types.
How about a cinema?|Yes, the Vue Cinema is in the center of town. Would you like their address or phone number?
Yes please, I would like the address, postcode, and phone number.|The address is the grafton centre, east road. The phone number is 08712240240. The postcode is cb11ps.
I am also looking for a train that will go to Peterborough and leave on a Sunday.  Can you locate one for me?|I have 38 trains travelling to peterborough on Sunday.  Could you be more specific on where you are departing from and when would you like to arrive?
The train should leave after 13:45 and should depart from cambridge.|I have 20 trains that meet this criteria. Is there a particular time that you would like to arrive by?
As early as possible, but still departing after 13:45.|The earliest train would leave at 14:06 and arrive at 14:56. Would you like me to make a reservation?
That will work, can you please give me the train ID, price, and travel time?|The train ID is TR0283, the price is 13.20 pounds and the travel time is 50 minutes.
Great. Thank you. That's all I need today.|Thank you for using our service. Have a wonderful day!
I had always wanted to go to Cambridge and say "I'm on a boat"  Can you tell me about attractions which are boat places to visit in Cambridge?|Sure, which part of town will you be in?
Any part of town is fine.|There are 4 boating attractions. Two are in the centre of town, one in the east, and one in the north. Would you like any additional information?
Yes. What are the entrance fees?|I'm sorry I don't have the entrance fees available to me.
Do you have the phone number to any of these attractions?|The phone number for camboats is 01223902112. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes. Is there any train that is taking off on Monday? I want to arrive my destination by 20:30.|There are lots of trains. Would you like to specify a departure site or destination?
I need a train from cambridge to ely.|I can put you on the tr5137 it will get you there by 14:07, how many tickets please?
I only need 1 ticket.|Slight typo last time - it's train TR5167.  Everything else is correct, and I have made your booking. Reference number VT0HAARA. Is there anything else?
No. That's all thanks.|It was a pleasure to assist you. Have a great day. Goodbye.
While in Cambridge I want to get a train that leaves on Sunday and goes to stansted airport.|There are 19 trains that day. What time do you need to leave cambridge and/or arrive at the airport?
I would like to leave Cambridge after 13:15, thank you|The earliest leaves at 13:40 and the trains depart every hour through 23:40. If you'd like to choose one I can book it for you.
That would be great.  How much would it cost to travel to stansted from Cambridge?|It will cost 8.08 pounds. Would you like me to book a train for you?
Yes. I am looking for places to go in the centre area. I am looking for college.|There are 13 choices, how do you feel about Emmanuel College?
I wouldn't mind seeing Emmanuel College. Can you give me the postcode?|Sure, Emmanuel College has a postcode of cb23ap.
Can you please give me the exact address.|The address for emmanuel college is saint andrew's street. Is there any other information I can provide?
I think that's all for now, thank you.|Welcome, have a nice day.
I need train reservations from Cambridge to stevenage|I have located several trains departing Cambridge and arriving in Stevenage. To help narrow the search, do you have a particular day and time you want to leave?
Yes, I need to leave on Monday and arrive in Stevenage by 16:30 please.|TR2045 will arrive by 16:10 in stevenage, would you like to book a ticket?
Yes, please make a booking for 7 people.|Your booking was successful! The total fee will be 89.6 GBP and it is payable at the station. The reference number is 60H70LQF.
Can you also recommend a park for me to visit?|I can.  I would personally recommend milton country park. It's free to visit and located in the north.
That sounds great, what is the entrance fee?|It is free!  Would you like the address or number?
Holy Moly! No, thanks, that's everything I needed today.|So glad we could help. Thank you for using Cambridge TownInfo centre, and have a great day!
i need to find a place to stay in the east side|I have 7 such places to stay. Is there a specific price point you would like to stay in or do you need parking and/or wifi?
I need a room in the expensive price range.|I think you would enjoy Express by Holiday Inn Cambridge.
I'd also like it to have a 4 star rating.|Unfortunately, I do not happen to have anything 4-star rated that is expensive and in the east. Would you like me to try a different price range or area?
Yes, can you try a moderately priced place instead?|I would recommend A and B Guest House.  It fits your criteria except it is in a moderate price range.
That sounds great! May I have their address, please?|A and B guest house is on 124 tenison road, cb12dp. Can I help you with anything else?
Thank you.  Also I am looking for the address of a place called williams art and antiques.|I found that for you.  It is located at gwydir street, no. 5 dale's brewery and their phone number is 01223311687.
Thanks. I would like a taxi to commute between the two places.|Certainly.  Would time would you like to leave and arrive at your destination.
I just need to leave the hotel by 03:45.|Your ride has been booked, it will be a white bmw. Call 07514195379 if you have any further questions.
OK, thanks. That's all I need today!|Thank you for contacting Cambridge TownInfo centre. Goodbye!
I need information on a place called Magdalene college.|Oh sure thing! That's a huge college campus in the west side of town. They are located on Magdalene Street and have free admission.
Great! What is their postcode?|Their post code is cb30ag.  Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, I'm looking for a place to stay while I'm in town.|We have many fine accommodations in town! What are you looking for in a place to stay?
I would like a guesthouse in the moderate area, I don't care about free parking, I won't be bringing my mercedes on this trip.|a and b guest house would suit your needs. Could I make a booking for you?
No, thank you. However, will you please tell me the postcode?|cb12dp. Is there anything else?
Could you tell me now many star rating that has? Is it in the North? I forgot to say I need it there.|a and b is not in the north, but there a few guesthouses in the north. Do you care for free wifi?
Internet doesn't matter to me. Any guesthouse in the north that you recommend will be fine. I'll just need the phone number, star, and postcode.|I suggest acorn guest house, it is a four star guesthuse in 154 chesterton road. their number is 01223353888	and code is cb41da.
Thanks, that is all I need.|Thanks for using our services, have a lovely day.
YOu too thanks so much.|you are so welcome
i will be sure to call you if i need your services|it was a pleasure serving you.
i want to do some boating today|The Cambridge Punter is located at 251a Chesterton Road. Would that fit the bill?
Is that located in the north?|Sorry, the cambridge punter is in the center, but there's the Riverboat Georgina in the north.
Perfect, could you give me their post code?|of course! it is cb41as
Great. I am also looking for a place to stay in the north.|We have guesthouses and hotel ranging from 0 to 4 stars. Do you have a preference on price range so we can narrow it a bit more?
The hotel should be in the same area as the attraction and should have a star of 4.|we have quite a few in the north when are you planning your stay?
5 nights, starting from Thursday. For 3 people. Reference number please.|Would you like me to suggest one for you?
Yes, please pick one for me.|I would recommend the archway guesthouse, do you want more information or a booking?
I would like you to book please.|Okay. Your booking was successful. The reference number is 6WM7SEWY. Can I help with anything else today?
I also need a taxi to leave the hotel by 3:15. Please provide the contact number and car type.|I will work on looking for one and let you know shortly.
Great thank you so much.|You're welcome! What is you destination?
I want to go to the Riverboat Georgina, please.|what time would you like to leave or arrive by?
I'd like to leave the hotel by 3:15 please.|I'm sorry, you mentioned that earlier. I've got your taxi booked. It will be a red Tesla, the contact number is 07760358173. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Thank you, that will be all for today.|Your welcome, I'm glad I could help.
Can I get the next train?|I'm afraid our train system seems to be down at the moment.  Can I help you find a hotel until it is back up and running?
No, but I am looking for a nightclub to go to. What ones are there?|There are quite a few in the Centre. I suggest either Club Salsa or Soul Tree Nightclub.
Club Salsa sounds good. Can I get their phone number, address and postcode please?|You sure may.  The address is 1 Station Road, CB12JB.  The phone number is 07782218745. Is there anything else I may help you with?
Thanks. I would like some information on Rosa's bed and breakfast, please.|What information are you looking for?
Does such a place exist? If so, I would like some information on it, like the postcode.|sure the address is 53 roseford road	and the postcode is cb22ha. anything else?
That is everything, thank you very much.|Enjoy your visit.
I'm looking for some info on a hotel called the cambrdige belfry.|This is a cheap 4 star hotel in the west.  It has internet and parking.  Are you looking to book a stay?
Yes can I get a booking for 6 people and 2 nights starting from wednesday.|The booking was successful.  Your reference number is  9GSZPI6R.  Is there anything else I can help you with?
I think I'm all set. Thanks!|Ok I will book that for you and get you a confirmation number
I'm looking for an attraction which should be in the east a museum if possible.|There are 5 attractions what are of town would you prefer?
A museum located east side. Can I get the postcode, phone number and is there an admission fee?|There are four museums matching your criteria, 3 of them are free and one has an admission fee of five pounds. How about the Cambridge museum of Technology, their postcode is cb58ld, and the address is The Old Pumping Station, Cheddars Lane.
Great, is that the free one?  I also need someplace to eat in that same area.|There is a 5 GBP admission fee.  Cambridge Artworks is free and located at 5 greens road with a postcode cb13ef and phone 01223902168.  What type of food?
I am open to any suggestion, but I am looking for a fancy expensive restaurant. What would you suggest?|Yu Garden is a very nice Chinese restaurant on the east side of town.
Sounds good. Can you help me book at taxi from the restaurant to the Museum?|I sure can. Can you tell me what time you want your taxi to leave or arrive by?
Yes, I just need to leave Yu Garden by 5:45.|I was able to book that taxi.  It is a Yellow Skoda and the contact number is 07277729993.
Thank you, that's all I need today.|Thank you for contacting Cambridge TownInfo centre. Goodbye!
i am looking for a place to stay. The hotel should have a star of 4 and should include free parking.|Do you have an area or price range in mind? And do you want a hotel or a guesthouse?
Price doesn't really matter, but the centre of town might be better.|I have a cheap guesthouse and an expensive hotel in the center. I recommend the hotel - the University Arms.
Can you provide the address please?|It is located on Regent Street. Anything else I can help you with today?
What was their price range again, please?|It is in the expensive price range.
i am also looking for a place to go in the centre|What type of attraction are you interested in?
Nothing in particular. What do you recommend?|great saint mary's church has wonderful architecture if you like that kind of stuff.
i also want to book a taxi|Your taxi is booked. Your car is a blue honda and contact number is 07090663777. Anything else you need?
that's it for today. thank you for your help!|thanks again have thank you for all of your help today
I need to take a train on Tuesday. I want to visit somewhere I haven't been before.|That sounds like fun! Will you be departing from Cambridge or somewhere else?
I need to depart cambridge and head to the stansted airport and arrive by 12:15|There are several options for you, leaving hourly. The TR7293 leaves at 11:40 and arrives at 12:08. Would you like me to book that for you, or perhaps an earlier one?
That sounds great.  Can you book 4 seats for me?|Sure. I have done so and your confirmation number is VOONS2E2.
I am also interested in places to go in town centre.  Can you offer me some ideas?|There are numerous options available. Were you looking for free attractions? There are some great free museums.
Sure, a museum sounds good, which one would you recommend?|I just love the Museum of Archaeology and Anthropology. They're in the city centre and have no entrance fee.
That sounds perfect. I will check it out, thanks.|You're very welcome!  Is there anything else I can help you with today?
That is all, goodbye.|Goodbye. Enjoy your trip.
Can you direct me to hotel in the west end?  Ideally one with free parking?|We have two guesthouses and two hotels on the west end offering free parking.
I need a guesthouse that also has free wifi.|I have finches bed and breakfast or hobsons house. Would you like to make a booking?
Yes, 5 people 2 nights from Monday.|The booking was successful.  Your reference number is BUUMAP41.  Can I help you with anything else today?
No that's it'. I really appreciate your help!|Have an excellent stay!
I am looking for a place to visit in the centre of town.|Okay. My computer shows forty-four attractions in the centre of town. Can you give me some more details so we can narrow the search?
No matter can you just recommend one?|Of course, I would recommend the All Saints Church. What would like to know about it?
I need the phone number and postcode.|I'd be happy to provide you that information.  The address is jesus lane and the postcode is cb58bs.  Is ther anything else I can assist you with?
Could I get the phone number as well?|The phone number is 01223452587.
I also need a train leaving from cambridge on monday.|Where will you go to ?
I will be travelling to Leicester.|TR8631 cost 37.80 pounds
I am looking for a hotel in North Cambridge|There are 2 hotels in the north. I recommend Ashley Hotel, at 74 Chesterton Road.
I need them in the cheap range|Both hotels in the north are moderately priced, would you like me to look for a cheap hotel in a different area of Cambridge?
No, thank you. I'd like more information on the ones in the moderate price range.|The ashley hotel telephone number is	01223350059	and the adress is 74 chesterton road. Would you like me to book a room?
Do they have free parking and wifi?|Yes they are included in both
Great, I'll book Tuesday-Sunday night so that I leave on Monday.|Am I booking for you only or are there others?
No that's all sure you get address and entrance fee.|The address is 74 chesterton road.
Can you let me know the entrance fee?|It is a hotel. There is no entrance fee, but the price range is moderate.
Can you tell me if they have free parking and internet?|Yes the ashley hotel has both free internet and free parking.  Can I help you with anything else?
I'd also like some information on a park near the hotel.|milton country park is a very nice park. What would you like to know ?
I want the address and entrance fee information|The Milton Country Park is free to get into, and the address is Milton Country Park, Milton. A bit redundant, I know.
Thanks! Can you book a taxi to pick me up at 11:00 at the hotel and take me to the park?|A blue volkswagen is reserved for you. The phone number is 07990624686. Will there be anything else today?
Thanks that will be all I'm needing today. Goodbye.|Have a great trip. Goodbye.
i need info about cambridge university botanic gardens|That's a lovely park on Bateman street. What else do you need to know?
What is the cost of admission to the park?|The entrance fee is 4 pounds.
Can you tell me their hours of operation please?|I do not have that information their telephone number however is 0122336265
I also need a hotel.|Ok.  Can you tell me a little more about your preferences?  area? price range?
I'm actually looking for the Gonville hotel.|Gonville is an expensive 3 star hotel in the centre. Would you like me to book a room for you?
Yes, I'll be staying 4 nights starting Friday.|How many people will be staying there?
just one person.|Your booking for the Gonville Hotel was successful. Your reference number is Y7TYJA3D.
I need assistance finding a train departing from Cambridge and arriving at London Kings Cross.|We have quite a few options available to you. Is there a particular day you are looking to travel?
I'm leaving after 15:15 on Tuesday. What's available then?|I have four, what time would you prefer to arrive by?
It doesn't matter.|TR0945 leaves on tuesday at 17:00. Would you like me to book it for you?
Yes please. Could you also tell me how much it is & what time it arrives?|Okay, I have booked the 17:00 train for you. The arrival time is 17:51. Your reference number is FGAHEJD9 and the price is 23.60 pounds.
I am also looking for a particular attraction. The name of the place is Lynne Strover Gallery. Can you give me the address and fee?|Lynne Strover Gallery's address is 23 high street, fen ditton, entrance is free. Can I do anything else for you today?
May I have the postal code for the Gallery as well please?|Yes, it's cb30aq. Is there anything else I can tell you about it? Or something else I can help you with?
No, that's all I needed. Have a nice day.|Thank you! Enjoy your visit to Cambridge. Goodbye.
I am looking for a restaurant called lan hong house. Can you get me more information about it please?|Sure lan hong house has some of the best moderately priced chinese food and is in centre area. Would you like a reservation?
Yes please, on thursday at 20:00 for 8 People. Could I get a reference number as well?|I was able to reserve the table for you. Your reference number is P1YUC7J9.
Thanks, I'm also looking for places to go in the west.  What can you tell me?|There are 13 attractions in the west end of the city. Some colleges, some museums, and an entertainment venue. Which would you like to learn more about?
Let's go with an entertainment attraction.|The only entertainment attraction I have in the west is Whale of a Time. They are located at Unit 8, Viking Way, Bar Hill. The postcode is cb238el.
Could I get the phone number for that attraction?|Sure!  The phone number is 01954781018.
I also need a taxi between Whale of a Time and Lan Hong House that arrives by are reservation time at the restaurant|I've booked you a grey Lexus.
Can I please get the contact number for the taxi company?|The contact number is 07133327407. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No thank you That is all.|You're welcome. Have a great day
What is there to do or see for entertainment?|There are many options, including a boat, college, architechture, and theatre.
What is in the centre?|There are still 44 entries including options like architecture, theatre, museums, concerthall, etc. Do you think you can narrow down your options a bit?
If there is nothing under entertainment, do you have a museum you can recommend?|Do you have a price preference?
No, I don't mind paying admission.|OKay then I would suggest great saint mary's church
Sound good. Can I get their address, phone number and entrance fee please?|Sure! The address is Market Square. Phone number is 01223350914 and it costs 2 pounds to get in.
Thanks. I also need help with lodging in the moderate price range with free wifi, please.|The cityroomz hotel is located in the centre and has free wifi. Would you like to make a reservation?
Do you happen to have any guesthouses in that area?|I don't. Would you like to try a different location or price?
Yes please find me a guesthouse in the north, in the moderate price range that includes free wifi.|of how many stars do you prefer?
I have no preference.|The Avalon is a guesthouse in the north, in the moderate price range, with free wifi. Do you want me to book it? I will need your details.
Yes please. I need the reservation to be for 5 people.|I can do that for you. What day do you want to book the hotel for?
Saturday or tuesday.|Which day do you prefer?
I would prefer Saturday please.|do you want to book for one day?
I want five nights.|Booking was successful.
Reference number is : G1KVK1RL
Thanks. I will also need a taxi from great saint mary's churchto the  Avalon guesthouse.|When do you want to leave or arrive by?
I'd like to leave the church by 12:00, please.|Okay. No problem I have you booked into a red Lexus and their contact number will be 07211078651.
Thank you, goodbye|Thank you for using our service today.
I need a train going to london kings cross.|Sure, no problem. The first train leaves at 05:00 the last at 13:00
I would like a train that leaves after 12:15 on Monday.|There are trains leaving every 2 hours starting at 13:00.
Can you book me 8 tickets on the 13:00 train?|Okay, I have booked 8 tickets on TR6110. Leaves from Cambridge at 13:00, arriving in London Kings Cross at 13:51. Your reference number is GOOH50QG. Total fee is 188.8GBP.
Thanks, could you also tell me about the museum of archaelogy and anthropology?|You can find that museum at university of cambridge, downing street, and it's free to enter. Do you need more information?
Yes, I need their phone number as well.|Sure, their number is 01223333516.
What's the entrance fee as well?|The entrance fee is free. Is there anything else I can help you with.
that is all for now.|Thank you for contacting us, have a nice day.
Have a great day as well.  Goodbye.|Thank you. Goodbye.
I'm planning a trip to Cambridge and need info on trains.  I am coming from Birmingham New St.|I can find you quite a few trains for your trip. On what day will you be traveling, and at what time would you like to depart?
I will be leaving on a Tuesday and I would like to arrive by 17:30.|TR4887 leaves at 05:40
Great can you book that for one person?|Done and done! Booking was successful, the total fee is 75.09 GBP payable at the station. Your Reference number is : Q649D1SU.
Thanks!  Can you help me find a college to visit in the centre?|I'd be glad to. We have 13 colleges in the centre. Most are free to visit, such as Christ's College over on Saint Andrew's Street.
I have heard of Christ's College. Is there a more detailed address? I would also like their phone number, please.|I only have an address of St. Andrew's Street, but the phone number is 01223334900 if you would like to call them. Anything else I can help with?
No, you have been very helpful, thank you.  Good bye.|Enjoy your visit to cambridge and gave a good day.
I want a french restaurant on the west side please.|I was unable to find any french places on the west part of town.
Is there any thai restaurants on the west side?|Yes, there is sala thong, which is an expensive restaurant.
That sounds good. Can you give me the phone number and address, please?|Their phone number is 01223323178 and addres is	35 Newnham Road Newnham.
Could you also help me find Byard art?|The address is 14 King's Parade in the South area.
Is it a museum?|Yes, it is a museum and the entrance fee is free.
Thanks that's all I need|Awesome. We're here if you need any more help. Thank you for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Have a great day.
I am looking for a park to go to.|Is there a particular area of town you'd like to spend time in?
I would prefer the south side of Cambridge.|I have two parks in the south. The Sheep's Green and Lammas land park fen causeway and the other is Wandlebury Country park. Would you like info on either one?
Yes.  Please give me the entrance fee, address, and phone number for The Sheep's Green, please.|the phone number is 01223302580 and admission is free
Thank you. I'm also look for an expensive hotel, not a guesthouse, to stay in. I'd like it to have free wifi and it needs to have 2 stars.|We have an expensive 2 star hotel in the east called express by holiday inn cambridge. It's located at 15-17 norman way, coldhams business park. Do you need a reservation?
Do they have free parking?|Yes they have free parking as well as free wifi.
please do the booking for me..two persons|When will you arrive and how many days will you be staying?
Sorry, don't want to book right now.  But I do need a taxi to get between the attraction and the hotel.|I can do that. I just need to know what time you want to leave or arrive?
I need to leave the attraction by 11:30.|How many people will be traveling?
Just me, thank you.|No problem! A red Ford will pick you up from the park, contact number 07109413810. Can I help with anything else?
Thank you, that is all I need for to today.|You're welcome, let me know if I can assist with anything else.
Where can I find a swimming pool in the north of town?|I have two swimming pools listed north of town. The Jesus Green Outdoor Pool and the Kings Hedges Learner Pool. Do you have a preference?
I'd like to try the Kings Hedges Learner Pool.  Is there an entrance fee?  Can I get their phone number please.|I am unsure if there is an entrance fee but their phone number is 01223353248, I'm sure they will be able to tell you of any entrance fee.
Thank you for your help.|You're welcome.  Is there anything else you need help with today?
Yes, I am looking for a train that departs from cambridge on wednesday.  I would like to leave after 17:15 and my destination is stansted airport.|I have train TR8893 that leaves at 17:40 and arrives at the airport by 18:08. Would this work for you?
Yes that sounds perfect. Please secure passage for 8 people on the TR8893.|Okay, the booking was successful. The total fee is 80.8 GBP payable at the station. The reference number is W2NAQGIF. Can I help with anything else?
That is all, thank you for your help|You're welcome. Have a great day!
I want to stay at an expensive 4 star hotel.|Great there are 2 very nice options.  Huntingdon in the west and University Arms in the Centre.  Do you have a preference?
I would like to stay at university Arms, can you book it for me?|Absolutely! How many people should I make the reservation for and for how many nights?
four people for four nights.|And what night do you wish to arrive?
I will be staying tonight. Is there parking available?|yes there is parking
Can you also tell me some places to go in the same area?|Do you not need the hotel reservation then?  What type of attraction are you interested in?
I don't have a preference.|There are colleges and museums in the area, would you like information on one of them?
Yes, can you please send me the info on a college?|How about churchill college? It's address is storey's way, their postcode is cb30ds, phone number is 01223336233, and entrance is free.
That sounds perfect.  That is all I need today.|If you need anything else don't hesitate to contact us again, Good day.
I would like to find a train going to Norwich.|Sure, I have a lot of options for you. What time do you need to arrive by? And on which day.
Thursday, leave after 21:15. Depart from cambridge.|The TR9937 meets your criteria. Would you like to make a booking?
Yes, for 2 people.|Yes the booking was successful and your reference number is YHNS4EJ1.
i also want a place to go in the north side of town|Do you want an attraction or a restaurant?
An attraction please. Something in the north please.|What kind of attraction interests you? You can choose from boat, swimmingpool and park
Whatever you recommend. I just need the name, number, post code and entrance fee.|Milton Country Park is a beautiful place. Phone number 01223420060, postcode cb46az and it is free. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
I only needed that.|Glad I could help you today thanks for using our service.
I am looking for places to go in the south part of town.|I have a cinema, nightclub or museum..just to name a few. Any preferences?
Actually,  I would prefer the cinema.|Cineworld cinema is in the south of town, their phone number is 00872208000, and they're located at cambridge leisure park, clifton way
Thank you, can you also find a restaurant called Ian Hong house.|Yes Lan Hong House is located at 12 Norfolk Street City Centre, they are moderately priced and their telephone is 01223350420. Is there anything else you need to know?
Can you reserve a table there for 2 people on Wednesday at 14:45?|You're all booked! The reference number is MBKF33I9. Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
That is all I need. Thank you.|It was my pleasure to assist you. Please contact us again soon. Have a great day.
I'm trying to find a good museum in town.|There are a multitude of museums in town. What side of town are you in?
I am open to any side of town!|Would you be interested in Broughton House Gallery?
That would be great. Can I get the postcode, please?|Sure.  The postcode is cb11ln.  Is there anything else I can answer for you today?
No, that's all. You've been a great help, thanks. I'm sure my visit will be fun. Goodbye!|Thank you, goodbye.
Hi, I am planning a trip and am looking for a particular attraction.|What type of attraction are you looking for?
It's called the ADC theatre. Can you tell me what area it's in?|Yes, I can. It is located in the centre area. Is there anything else I can answer for you?
I also need a restaurant.|I'll be glad to help you find one. What kind of restaurant do you have in mind and on what side of town?
In the east please.|We have 9 restaurants in the east.  What kind of food would you like?
Expensive Polunesian.|I'm sorry, I'm not showing any expensive polynesian restaurants in the east area of town. What about another type of cuisine or perhaps another area of town?
Can you try indian food please?|sitar tandoori	is my all time favorite. can i book?
Yes please book for 1 person at 14:00 on monday.|I have booked you a reservation at the Sitar Tandoori for Monday at 14:00 for 1 person. The reference number is 5I0ZWPOT. Is that all today?
Thank you. That is all that I need.|Thank you for letting us assist you today! Enjoy your visit!
Please find me some information about the mutliple sports in the centre|We only have one multiple sports complex but it is in the east, are you interested in that, or do you want another search in the centre?
No, I need to stay in the centre. Are there any parks there?|Okay! You can try Cambridge University Botanic Gardens on Bateman Street. It is in the Centre part of town, and the admission fee is 4 Pounds.
Great! What is their phone number?|The phone number is 01223336265.
I also need a train departing from cambridge to arrive by 21:15|Ok. I can help with train info. Whata is your destination?
The destination is peterborough.|how about TR9859? it leaves at 05:06
Sounds good, please book me for four people and can I get a reference number?|Booking was successful, the total fee is 66 GBP payable at the station, your reference number is 2WXSC5I1. Will that be all?
That is all I need.|Thank you for calling. Have a great day. Goodbye!
I am looking for a hotel called the alpha-milton guest house.|Sure! I've located the guesthouse, it is located in the north area. Would you like me to book you a room?
No thank you but I do need the address please?|Sure, the address is: 63 milton road, postcode cb41xa. Anything else I can get you?
I am also looking for a attraction called cambridge contemporary art.|Yes, it is located at 6 trinity street, is there other information you need on it?
Could I get the phone number and entrance fee?|It's free to get in, and their phone number is 01223324222. Can I help you with anything else today?
No, that's all I needed. Thank you so much and have a wonderful day!|Thank you! You, too, and I hope you will enjoy your stay!
I am looking for places to go in town, preferably a nightclub.|There are 5 nightclubs in the center of town and one in the south part of town. Which area do you prefer?
You can pick for me. I just need the phone number, address.|The ballare is fun. It is in the centre. The phone number is 01223364222 and address is heidelberg gardens, lion yard. May I help you with anything else?
I also need a train to Ely that would arrive by 11:30.|We've got several trains going to Ely, do you have a specific day you want to leave?
i want to leave on sunday|I have train #TR3854 leaving cambridge to ely, at 5:50 and arriving at 6:07. Would you like to book that train?
How long is the train ride itself?|The train ride is 17 minutes.
Ok thank you for the prompt response. That's all I needed.|I hope you enjoy your time here!
Hi there! I'm looking for something fun to do in the center of town. What kind of attractions are there?|Yes I have many architectural attractions would you be interested in those?
Yes! I'd like a phone number and address of one of those.|Sure, all saints church phone is 01223452587. And address is Jesus Lane. Anything else?
Yes I am looking for a restaurant called caffe uno.|I found a restaurant named Caffe Uno at 32 Bridge Street City Centre, their number is 01223448620. Would you like me to make you a reservation?
Yes please. I'll need a table for 4 at 19:15 on Wednesday.|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Your reference number is BCM0D5Y2. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, I also need a taxi to take me to the restaurant, so I will need to be there by 19:15.|Alright I have you booked for a cab from All Saints to Caffe Uno, arriving by 19:15.
Can I get the contact number and car type for the cab.|It's going to be a blue toyota and the contact number is 07525945489. Is there anything else I can help with?
Thank you for all of your help. I don't need anything else today.|We are happy to help. Thank you for using our service.
Hey trying to locate a train that would leave on Wednesday and arrive in Cambridge.|There are many options. Where would you like to depart from?
I want to depart from Bishops Stortford.|There are ten different trains to choose from. Do you have a specific time in mind?
I need to arrive by 15:15 and will need to book for 5 people.|Unfortunately no train matches you request. Would you like a different day and time?
What other days are there?|Sorry, I don't see any days for your search.
Maybe I confused you.  Sorry.  I need to leave Bishops Stortford on Wednesday, and arrive in Cambridge by 15:15.|the TR4226 arrives at 14:07, would you like me to book 5 tickets for you?
Yes, please. May I get the reference number?|Your train has been booked. The total fee is 50.5 GBP payable at the station. Your reference number is OWNJ1GL8.  Can I be of further assistance?
Please find a concerthall in the west for me.|The only concerthall in Cambridge is The Man on the Moon, located in the centre. Would you like more information?
Yes, just the entrance fee, postcode and phone number.|Their phone number is 01223474144 and postcode is cb12lf.  Unfortunately there is no info on the entrance fee.
That's ok. I'll call for it. Thanks again. Bye for now.|Thanks and have a great day. Goodbye.
I'm looking for an attraction called Gonville and Caius College. Will you help me?|Yes, that is a college located in the centre part of town and is located on Trinity Street. Their phone number is 01223332400.
Thank you for that.  Can you give me the postcode and entrance fee?|Certainly. The entrance is free and the postcode is cb21ta. Is there anything else I can assist with?
Yes, can you help me find an expensive restaurant that serves british food?|Is there a specific area you would like to be in?
i'd like it to be in the west.|I have the graffiti or the travelers rest. Would you like to book one today?
I would like to try Graffiti. Can I get the address, postcode, and phone number?|it is located in Hotel Felix Whitehouse Lane Huntingdon Road, cb30lx. their phone number is 01223277977
Thank you very much, that should be it.|Thank you for contacting us. Have a nice day.
Thank you, you too!|Thank you! Bye!
I will be visiting family in the south part of cambridge and we would liek to get one last boating excursion in.  Any boating places in the south area?|It looks like there isn't any boating in the south area.  Would you like me to look in a different area of town?
How about a nightclub in the south?|Sure, The Place is on 22 sidney street and the postcode is cb23hg. Phone number is 01223324600.
Thank you for all your help.|Is there anything else I can help you with?
i would like place to stay. The hotel should be in the type of guesthouse and should include free wifi|aylesbray lodge guest house is a nice four star guesthose with internet available. Would you like me to book you a room?
I would prefer a guest house that has one star.  Is there one available also with free wifi?|No, I'm sorry there are no 1 start guesthouses offering free wifi. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Okay, the four will be fine, then. I don't need to book, yet. Thanks for your help.|No problem. Are you sure you don't want to go ahead and make a reservation?
Can you book it for 4 people for 2 nights starting friday?|Okay.  I have a reservation for 4 for two nights starting Friday.
I am visiting Cambridge and would like to stay at Allenbell can you help give me some information on it?|That is a guesthouse in the East that is the cheap price range. They have free internet and parking.
i wish to book it  for 5 people and 4 nights starting from friday|It's been successfully booked! Your reference number is CWRUXD1R.
Thank you! I appreciate you providing the reference number.|No problem at all! Is there anything more I can assist you with today?
I was wondering do they serve complimentary breakfast?|I don't have that information, but their phone number is 01223210353 if you would like to call them.
I am also looking for some recommendations on places to go in the east.|There are 10 attractions in the east. If you like boats, I would recommend camboats. There are also parks, museums and entertainment if you would prefer one of those instead.
The only requirement I have is that it be located in the east area of town. Surprise me.|Okay, I recommend cambridge artworks. It is a museum type attraction, and entrance is free
please get phone number and attraction type.thanks|The attraction is a museum and the number is 01223902168.
Perfect, thanks. Can you find me a taxi to commute between the two? I'd like to leave the hotel by 11:00, please.|Your booking is completed, a yellow audi will be picking you up at your hotel.
Great.  Can you please give me the contact number for the audi?|The contact number for the Audi is 07820112704.
Thank you, that is all I needed.|You're welcome and enjoy your stay.
I'm looking for a train going to Birmingham New Street.|I can help!  What day are you looking to travel?
I need to leave on Thursday.|We've got about 19 trains for that route. Do you have a certain time you want to leave after or arrive by?
I want to leave on Saturday and leave after 10:45. Could you give me the travel time?|The duration is 163 mins.Do i need to book something for you?
Yes i'd also like parks I can go to.|We have 5 great parks in town. My favorite is the Botanic Gardens in the center. It's well worth the 4-pound entrance fee.
Okay Could I have their telephone number please?|The phone number is 01223336265.
Thanks for the park info. In review, I don't see a train ID departing from Cambridge after 10:45. Do you have it?|TR5669 leaves Cambridge at 11:01 and arrives at  birmingham new street at 13:44. May I help with anything else?
I am looking for a park, can you help me with that?|Is there an area you prefer?
I do not have a preference on a side of town.|I would recommend the cherry hinton water play on the east. It is also free admission.
Sorry, how long is the travel time on the train?|It is 163 minutes
Can you also tell me about some parks that I could visit?|May I suggest cherry hinton water play, since it will be warm out. It's located in the east.
Thanks. Can you please give me its address?|Their address is cherry hinton hall, cherry hinton road. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
I think that is all I need today. Thank you for your help.|You're very welcome. Good day.
I'm in the centre of town and need suggetions on things to see.|I have 44 entries for attractions.  Are you looking for architecture, colleges, parks, nightclubs, or maybe a museum?
Nothing particular. What is your favorite attraction in the centre of town?|You might enjoy the Cambridge Punter. It's a boat.
Sounds fun.  Do you know the entrance fee?|I'm sorry, it is not listed.  But if you'd like to call them the phone number is 07807718591.  Can I help you with anything else?
That will be all today. Thank you very much.|Thank you for contacting the help desk. Have a great day.
I'm looking for a train that leaves Cambridge on Sunday.|Alright. What is your destination?
I want to go to Peterborough.|I have TR7423 that leaves at 05:00 and arrives at 5:51. Would you like me to book this?
what time in minutes does the journey take?|The trip takes a total of 51 minutes. Is there anything else you need?
I am also looking for places in the centre of the town to visit for architecture. Do you have any suggestions?|There are several. The churches are very nice, I especially like Holy Trinity Church. Does that sound like what you're looking for?
Sure that works. What's the entrance fee?|There is no entrance fee at Holy Trinity Church.  Can I help you with anything else today?
No, thank you. goodbye!|Have a lovely day!
I am going to be visiting cambridge and I would love to find a theatre to go to. Can you help me?|The Cambridge Arts Theatre in the centre is very popular. Would you like more information about it?
That sounds like a place I would enjoy. Can you give me the address?|Sure, It's located at 6 saint edward's passage. Can I help you with anything else?
Yes, please provide info on a hotel called City Centre North b and b.|They are rated 0 stars and price in the cheap range.   Parking and wifi are included
Can I have the area the hotel is in?|It looks like it is in the north part of town. Any other needs today?
That would be it. Thank you so much. Bye!|You're very welcome. I'm so glad I was able to help you. Have a wonderful visit!
i'm looking for museums in town|Cambridge has a variety of museums in all sections of town. Let's narrow your search. Is there a part of town or a type of museum you are interested in?
None in particular can you just pick one and give me the address please?|The museum of classical archaeology is located in the west at sidgwick avenue. They have a free entrance fee.
Thanks. I also need a guesthouse to stay in that is in the moderate price range.|I have several guesthouses in the moderate range available.  What area of town would you prefer?
I'd like to find something in the east, preferably with 4 stars.|I recommend the Carolina Bed & Breakfast. It has free parking and wifi, and it's located at 138 Perne Road, cb13nx.
That sounds great! What's their phone number?|Here you go. Do you need anything else. 01223247015
No that will be it! Thank you!|Thank you for using our services.  Have all of your needs been met today?
Yes. That's all I need. Thanks.|Hope you enjoy your stay in Cambridge!
Thank you.  Good-bye.|Good bye! Enjoy!
I need a train to norwich on Sunday.|The TR3370 will take you to norwich.  Do you need a ticket?
yes if it leave after 19:30. thanks|I am sorry that os not leaving at the correct time but I have train TR9083 leaving at 19:55.
cool, thanks dude|Do you want tickets?
No, I don't need to book now. On the other hand, I'm looking for something to do in the centre of city.|Well I have many things to do such as architecture visits or museums or theaters. Anything sound intriguing to you?
Yes I would like to go to a college.|There are 13 to choose from. Might I suggest the Pembroke College. They have free entrance and are located on Trumpington Street.
Can I have the postcode?|The post code is cb21rf. Can I help with anything else today?
Yes, can I also get the phone number for Pembroke College?|The number is 01223338100.
Thank you! That will be all for today!|You're welcome. Please reach out to us again, if we can be of further assistance. Good-bye.
I'd like to find a moderately priced hotel with free wifi.|Which section of the town could you like the hotel to be in?
In the east please.|I have 3 listings that fit that criteria.   Would you need parking as well?
Parking isn't necessary, but I would like a 4-star hotel if possible.|I have 4-star guesthouses in the east. Warkworth House is a great place to stay.
Can you give me the postcode for that hotel?|Yes, the Warkworth house's postcode is cb11ee.
Okay, thanks. I'm also looking for information on cambridge book and print gallery. What area is it in?|The cambridge book and print gallery is in the west side of town. What else can I help you with?
Nothing else today, thanks.|You're welcome. Have a nice day.
I am going on a trip to Cambridge and I would like a train leaving Wednesday around noon.|Sure. There are many options. Where would you be departing from? And do your prefer an arrival time?
it should depart from cambridge and arrive by 08:15|Ok great!  So that I can narrow down our results, can you tell me where you will be traveling to?
Yes, I am going to peterborough.|TR3730 will arrive by 07:56, would that work for you?
Yes, for four please.|I was able to book you 4 tickets for that train. Your reference number is FD20AHTB. Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
Yes. I'd like some information on a particular attraction called Little Saint Mary's Church.|Sure!  Little Saint Mary's Church is in the centre of the city on Little Saint Mary's Lane.  The phone number is 01223366202. It has free admission.
Thats perfect and what is the entrance fee ?|There isn't an entrance fee for Little Saint Mary's Church. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Hes, can you provide me the postcode please?|The postcode for Little Saint Mary's Church is cb21qy.
And what type of attraction is it?|It is an architecture type attraction renowned for it's stained glass windows.  Can I help with anything else?
No, you've been very helpful.  Thank you.  Goodbye|Glad to help. Let me know if you ever need anything else.
I want a train that is leaving from cambridge.|Sure, I can definitely help you with that.  When were you wanting to depart?
I'm not sure. How long is the train ride? I would like to arrive by 13:45.|TR5154 TAKES  88 minutes and leaves 05: 59. is that fine with you?
Is there another train on Monday that would get me to Kings Lynn closer to 13:45?|The TR7430 arrives in Kings Lynn at 12:58. It is 9.80 pounds. Would you like me to book that for you?
All I needed was the info on travel times, can you also help me find an attraction called Clare Hall?|Clare Hall is a college located in western Cambridge. It's located on herschel road. Do you need anything else?
No that will be all thank you.|Happy to be of help. Goodbye.
Is there anything fun to do in the centre?|I can recommend any of 44 options for you in the centre area, what would you consider to be a day of fun?
I'd like to go the the theatre and then maybe out for a drink.|Okay, how about the ADC theatre on Park Street?
get me their post code. i also need a train|The postcode is cb58as.
Can you look up info for a train ticket? I need to leave cambridge and go to stansted airport thursday at 20:00|I tsounds like to needed to arrive by 20:00 right?   If so, TR5476 will get you there by 19:08.
I'm sorry for the confusion. I actually need to leave after 20:00. Do any trains run on that schedule?|how about TR9751? it leaves at 23:40
Please book me two tickets and send me the reference number. Thank you|Reference number is : 17XBF5X5. Is there anything else?
What is the arrival time, and travel time please?|You'll arrive at Stansted Airport at 24:08. Total travel time is 28 minutes.
Great! That is all that I needed to know. Thank you so much.|You're very welcome! Can I help you with anything else?
No. That is all for today.|Glad to be of service. Have a great day.
greate day to youu too|have yourself a safe journey.
Thanks. That's all I need. Goodbye.|Again, thank you for contacting Cambridge TownInfo Centre. Goodbye.
I want to party at a nightclub while I am visiting. Got a good one for me?|soul tree nightclub	is a good one in city centre.
How much does it cost to get in to Soul Tree Nightclub?|It costs 4 pounds to get into Soul Tree Nightclub. Do you want some additional information about them?
Could you just tell me their post code?|Certainly their postcode is cb23qf.
I also need to find a cheap place to stay that has free wifi, is a guesthouse and is located in the north.|i recommend worth house for you
Ok.  Book that for 5 people for 4 nights starting on Sunday.|I was able to book that for you. Your Reference number is : XKB91QUZ.
That is all I need. Goodbye.|thank you and enjoy your stay in cambridge
Hello, can you help me find a pricey Singaporean restaurant in Cambridge?|There are none available, do you have another type of food.
I sort of really had my heart set on Singaporean food.|I'm so sorry! Checked my sources and don't see a Singaporean restaurant in any part of town. May I help you in some other way?
Yes Can you find me a hotel that is cheap?|In what area would you like the hotel to be?
Sorry that last sentence must have been a bad connection, disregard that.  Still looking for a restaurant, are there any expensive indian ones in the centre?|There are several. May I suggest Curry Garden is located in the Centre and has an expensive price range. Would you like a reservation?
Yes, can you book a table for 8 people on Saturday at 15:45?|A table is booked for Saturday for 15:45 at 8 and for 8 people. Reference number is B00KVHN
I'm also looking for a place called cambridge and country folk museum.|The Cambridge and Country folk museum is located in the west. It has an entrance fee of 3.50 pounds. Can I tell you anything else about it?
No that will be all thanks so much.|Is there anything else I can help you with today?
I need a taxi to take me to the restaurant from the museum.|What time of day would you like this booking for?
I need to get to the restaurant in time for the reservation.|Excellent. You are all set with a red Skoda.  The contact number is 07563648759. Anything else I can help with?
no thanks that is all|enjoy your stay with us!
I need a place to stay.  I would like a 4 star place in the east area.|Sure we have 6 places, do you have any other preferences?
Yes, I'd like a place that includes free wifi and it should be a hotel.|I'm afraid all of our 4-star accommodations in the east are guesthouses. Would one of those suit you?
No, it would not. What do you have in the west area?|In the west I have two 4-star hotels - the cheap Cambridge Belfry and the expensive Huntingdon Marriott.
Hmm, I think we are getting confused on what I need. I really need to find a hotel with 4 stars in the east. Or a guesthouse will do also.|I think allenbell would suit you well. Would you like more information?
Could I get the postcode, phone number and whether they have free parking?|The Allenbell's postcode is cb13js. Their phone number is 01223210353 and yes they do have free parking. Would you like to book this one?
Thanks. I also need an attraction to visit in the college category. Any suggestions?|there are no colleges in the east, can i look somewhere else?
Yes I would like to go to a college regardless of the area.|I'm sorry, we do not have any college listings.
Okay, what about Museums in the east?|There are 4 museums in the east. Any preferences?
Please check again for a college in any area.|A majority of our colleges are in the centre, but not all of them have free admission, are you looking for one with no entrance fee?
The centre is fine and free would be great!|There's Christ's College on Saint Andrew's Street. It's in the centre and free. Are you interested?
Yes.  Can I get the postcode?|Gonville and Caius college is quite interesting. Their post code is cb21ta. Their address is trinity street.
Thanks, I will need a taxi from the guesthouse to the attraction. I'd like to leave the guesthouse by 24:30.|Alright, got you a grey Toyota taxi to pick you up from the Allenbell at 24:30. Contact number is 07330473463. Anything else I can do for you?
Thank you very much.|Okay great, have a good night!
Hi, I need a train the is heading towards birmingham new street.|Train TR9678 from Cambridge to Brimingham New Street departs Friday at 05:01 and arrives 07:44. Is this acceptable or do you need a different time?
yes its ok with me|it will cost 75.10 pounds. can i book?
Actually I need one that leaves after 21:00 on Thursday, sorry.|Did you have a certain time that you would like to leave after or arrive by?
No, just as long as it leaves after 21:00 on thursday.|Train TR9209 leaves at 21:01 is this okay?
Yes. Can I have the arrival time and price, please?|It will arrive at 23:44 and the cost is 75.10 pounds.
Thanks can you also give me the entrance fee and phone for a fun boating attraction? I don't care what area it's in.|I don't have entrance fee information, but you could try Camboats. Their phone number is 01223902112. Can I help you with anything else?
Do you have any boating attractions that do list their entrance fees? I want to make sure I have enough cash with me when I arrive.|Not, I don't. There are four boating attractions and I have no information on their entrance fees. You already have the phone number for Camboats. Perhaps you could call them?
ok that's all i need thanks|Thank you, have a good day
I need to find a train to Cambridge on Sunday.|Where will you be coming from?
I'm leaving from London Kings Cross.|There are 10 trains that fit your criteria. Do you have a leave at or arrive by time preference?
It needs to leave after 14:30. I need a booking for 2 people.|I have a train that will leave at 15:17 and arrive in cambridge at 16:08. Would you like me to book that for you?
That works for me. I need the reference number.|I was able to successfully book your tickets.  The reference number is 02BPMPU4 and the total is 37.76 GBP which is payable at the station.
Thank you! Could you also suggest a museum to visit in the centre?|There are 11 museums in the city centre. Are you interested in art, antiques, technology, archaeology, science?
Perhaps one without an entry fee?|Castle Galleries is located in the Centre and has free admission.
That sounds perfect.  Can you please give me the phone number, address, and postcode?|The phone number for Castle Galleries is 01223307402, the address is unit su43, grande arcade, saint andrews street, and the postal code is cb23bj.
Thank you so much for your help!|No problem, is there anything else you'll be needing from me?
No, that will be all. Goodbye.|It was a pleasure helping you with your planning today. I hope you have a great trip. Good bye!
I am planning a trip in Cambridge|sure, what information do you need?
I am going to be attending college soon and want to browse one of the campuses while I am in the area.|well we have quite a few what area please
I would like to visit a college in the centre of town.|Sure. There are 13 colleges in the centre. Most are free, but some have a small entrance fee. Would you like a list or a recommendation?
Yes, that would be great! And if you could give me the entrance fee that would be great too.|Well they are almost all free and located in the city center. I would recommend Christ's College for one.
Okay can I have the address and phone number?|The address is saint Andrew's street, and the phone is 01223334900. Can I assist with anything else?
I also am looking for a train on wednesday leaving peterborough.|Did you have a destination or time in mind?
Yes.  I am going to Peterborough.|I'd like to confirm that you want a train leaving Cambridge and arriving at Peterborough.
Yes, that's right. It should leave after 8:00. Book for 4 people.|I will be booking your tickets for train TR7413. It will leave at 8:06 and arrive at 08:56. The total fee is 66 GBP payable at the station. Reference #VAFLR9OD.
Thanks so much for your help today!|You are quite welcome, we are happy to help.  Is there anything further that you need assistance with today?
No that is it. Thank you very much.|Have a great time!
What museums are in Cambridge?  I am asking "for a friend".|There are 23 museums in Cambridge, so it would be a bit much to list them all. Can you give me a specific area to look in?
I'm not too particular on the location. Do you have any that you recommend?|Sure. I suggest the Cambridge Artworks. It's in the east section of the city, and is free. Would you like any more information?
That sounds good. Can you give me the postcode for the Cambridge Artworks?|The postcode for the cambridge artworks is cb13ef
Thank you. I also need info on a train. It should go to Birmingham new street and leave on Monday.|how about TR9195? it leaves at 0501
That sounds great, can you get me 6 tickets?|Booking was successful, the total fee is 450.6 GBP payable at the station .
Reference number is : PEY94A3O. Can I help you with anything else?
No that will be all thank you so much.|Ok. Thank you and good bye.
Can you help me find a place to dine that is expensive in the west?|Certainly. What type of food are you looking for?
My friend wants to eat lobster, so maybe a good seafood place.|I do have Loch Fyne in the Centre (nothing in the West, sorry!) that has expensive seafood. Want to give it a try?
I would like to stay in the west area. How about a british restaurant?|Travellers Rest in the west area is an expensive British restaurant. Would you like more info about them?
please get me the address|Travellers Rest is located at Huntington Road, City Centre. Would you like me to book a table for this evening?
No, I won't be in town till next week, thanks.  Can you suggest a college in that same area?|I have give colleges in the west.
Can you recommend a college in the west area? I'll need the address, entrance fee and post code as well please.|Queen's college is located on silver street. The postcode is cb39et. Although the entrance fee is 2.50 pounds, I think it's well worth the price of admission.
Sounds great. Can I also get info on a taxi leaving from Queen's College|Yes I can get you a taxi where are you going and what time did you want to leave or arrive?
well I want to leave the attraction by 11:00 and I need the contact # and car type|In order to book the taxi I will need a destination. Can you please provide one?
I do not have a destination at this time.|Alright your booking number is 07829617509 and the car picking you up is a yellow ford.
Thank you for your help!|You're welcome. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Thank you so much for your help! That should be all for now.|Thank you for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre.  Goodbye
I would like information about museums in Cambridge.|There are 23 museums in cambridge.  What part of town will you be in?
Can you tell me about museums in the centre of town?|I have the castle galleries museum in the centre of town. Phone number is 01223307402.
I also want to find the hotel called Archway House.|It's located in the north, on 52 gilbert road, cb43pe. Would you like to book a room?
Yes, please book for 4 nights on Friday for 4 people.|All set, the reference number is 6S9GCFDO, can I help with anything else?
That is all. Thank you so much for your help.|Have a great day! Goodbye!
I'm looking for museums to visit in town.|the broughton house gallery is a fantastic museum in the centre. Bonus, it's free!
Where exactly is that located?  And is there a fee to enter the gallery? How is the area?  Is there a lot located around it to do? Thank you!|It is in the Centre and it is free to enter. Would you like to know anything else?
I also need a place to stay. I would like a hotel with 4 stars and free parking.|There are several 4 star hotels with free parking, are you looking for one in the north as well?
No, I am not.|I think the acorn house will suit you well. Would you like me to book that?
Can you book that for 1 person, 3 nights, starting Thursday?|Booking was unsuccessful. Would you like to try booking on a different day or for a shorter duration?
Can you try booking it for two nights?|You're all set for 2 nights! Your booking reference number is BFODSBSL. What else can I help you with today?
I think I'll need a taxi from the gallery to the hotel. Can you help with that?|What time would you like to leave or arrive by?
I will need to leave the gallery by 03:00 please.|Certainly.  What time would you like to leave and arrive?
I need to leave by 3:00, arrival doesn't matter.|I was able to book that taxi for you. Be looking for a blue Lexus. If you need to reach them, please call 07049424951. Anything else I can help with?
No, that will be all.  Thank you for your help!|You're welcome, enjoy!
Hi, what are some fun attractions in west Cambridge?|There are 13 places, colleges, entertainment, and museums
I need an attraction in the west part of town. Please provide the address and amount of the entrance fee so I can prepare.|Queens' College is a wonderful play to visit. Their address is Silver Street. The entrance fee is 2.50 pounds.  Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, I'd also like to find an expensive restaurant in the west side of town.|There are nine restaurants that fit your requirements. What type of food are you interested in?
Just pick one in the same area as Queens' College,  and can you book a table for 1 at 18:30 on Saturday please?|How about Graffiti? It's an expensive restaurant that serves British food in the west area.
Graffiti sounds good. Can you book a table for me?|Your table at Graffiti is reserved for Saturday at 18:30 for one person. Your reference number is AV0KBAEG. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No that's all I need. Thanks for your help!|You're welcome. Enjoy your visit!
I certainly will. Thanks for the help that is all I needed.|Let us know if you need anything else.
Hi. I am looking for a hotel that is a guesthouse that has free parking. Can you help me find one?|There are 21 options available. Do you have any other preferences to narrow down the search?
Sure, how about an expensive, four star guest house?|It doesn't look like we have any expensive 4 star guesthouses. There are some which are moderate if you are interested.
Moderate will do. Can you give me more information please?|The Archway House is very nice. Would you like me to book a reservation?
Yes and can i get the reference number?|What day would you like to check in at the guesthouse?
I would like to check in on saturday. We would need 4 nights for 8 people.|I have booked you at the archway house. The reference number is 61O3SUCK. Can I help you with anything else?
Yes, can I get the phone number and address for the Cambridge and County Folk Museum?|The phone number for the cambridge and county folk museum is 01223355159, and the address is 2-3 castle street. Anything else?
No, that will be all.|I have booked you. Thank you. Goodbye.
I'm looking for a restaurant called Thanh Binh. Can you help me find it?|Absolutely! Thanh Binh is a wonderful vietnamese restaurant in the west. It is relatively cheap. Would you like any more information about them?
Sounds perfect. Could you book it for myself and five others on Friday?|Would you like a reference number.
Yes but if you could book it for 6, at 12:00 on friday, that would be good.|I can, would you like the reference number?
Of course I would like the reference number.|I'm sorry but I can not book that.
Can you book it for 11 instead?|Sorry, the restaurant can't accommodate you during that time.
Hmm, how about 11:00?|Looks like my system is acting up and can't accept you for 11:00. Want to try for another time?
Yes, please try for 12:00|I'm sorry. I'm not sure what is going on. It will not let me book. Would you like to try a different restaurant?
Sure, what do you have available?|Would you like to stick with Asian Cuisine?
Can you please try again at 12 on friday?|I'm sorry I am unable to book that.
How about 11:00 that day?|I am sorry I cannot book it at that time. Would you like to try another restaurant?
No thank you.  Can you help me find an attraction?|What kind of attraction would you like to see?
Any kind of entertainment in the Centre please.|Nothing was found. Shall I look for entertainment in a different area?
Yes, the type of concert hall. I need address and a taxi for 11 and the car type and contact number please|There is one concert hall in centre.  It is called the man on the moon.
Great.  Can you please give me the address?|Absolutely! The address is 2 norfolk street.
Great, can you also book a taxi for me?|Where are you departing from and where are you headed?
I just need it to arrive at the restaurant at the correct time.|I do need the departure place and destination in order to book the taxi.
From the concert hall to the restaurant.|Alright. How many people is this for?
It will be for six people.|I need to book a reservation for you to tell the taxi man...
Can you please just book me for taxi service?|You are in luck, I have managed to get you a table for 6 at 12:00 Friday at Thanh binh. 9N8M4HQ9 is the reference. Would you still like a taxi?
Yes, please. I need it to get to the restaurant in time for that reservation.|I have booked you with a blue honda to arrive by 12:00 at the restaurant. The phone number to contact them is 0713064642.
.
Thank you, that is everything.|You are welcome. Thank you for your patience. I'm sure you will have a delightful visit to Cambridge. Goodbye.
I would like to find a nightclub to go to while I am in Cambridge. Can you give me information on any?|Yes, there are six clubs in Centre, Cambridge. Each location charges a 4-5 pound entrance fee. Do you have transportation?
Yes, I would like a taxi.|I'd be happy to book a taxi for you. What are your departure and arrival sites, and what time do you need transportation?
Actually, I need to find a college.|Sure!  There are several colleges in the centre.  May I suggest emmanuel or downing college, both have free entrance fees.  Would you still like to book the taxi?
Yes, that is good. But I really need a train to Cambridge, leaving after 12:15.|What day will you be traveling and where are you departing from?
I am departing from Broxbourne on Friday.|How about a 12:32 on Friday that will arrive by 13:32?
That will work can you get me a ticket for that?|Booking was successful, the total fee is 17.89 GBP payable at the station .Reference number is : G3I6DQ4C.
Great, that's all I need, thanks so much! Have a great day!|Thank you for choosing us for your booking needs. Havea great day.
I want to go to a theater in the east part of town. Can you help me find some?|I'm sorry, but there aren't any theatres  in the east.  Would you like to try a different part of town?
Oh darn. Well how about something in the type of swimmingpool on the east side?|There's the abbey pool and astroturf pitc. Their phone number is 01223902088.
Please give me their address and postcode.|The address is Pool Way, Whitehill Road, off Newmarket Road.  Postcode  	cb58nt
is there an entrance fee?|I'm sorry, I am not able to see their entrance fee.  I'm sure if you call them, they will be happy to assist you.  Is there anything else?
I need a train to go to London Liverpool Street.|okay, what day and time would you like to travel? Also, where are you departing from?
I'm leaving on Monday and would like to arrive by 21:15. I will be departing from Cambridge.|TR7092 leaves London at 17:59 and arrives at 19:27.  Will that work for you?
that should be fine. please make a booking for one person.|Your booking was successful, the total fee is 16.6 GBP payable at the station. Your reference number is I7F5ZKJA. Can I help you with anything else today?
No thank you that is all I needed today.|You're welcome! Have a great time!
Hello, can you recommend a moderately-priced hotel in the North part of town, please?|There are two hotels available; the Ashley Hotel and the Lovell Lodge. Both offer internet and parking and are 2 star hotels. Do you have a preference?
Do you have any 3 star hotels available?|There are no matches, would you like to check other locations?
There are no 3 star hotels in the north with a moderate price?|Unfortunately, no. I do happen to have 2 guesthouses though. Both are moderate pricing and 3 stars. Are you interested in one of those?
Yes, please. Can I get a room for 4 people? We'll arrive on Wednesday and stay 5 nights.|Done! You have a reservation at the Alpha-Milton Guest House. Your reference number is 9SA494XR. Can I help you with anything else?
Thanks for recommending the Guest House. I am also looking for some town nightlife, especially a nightclub.|We have 6 nightclubs in town. Would you prefer to visit the centre or the south?
I have no preference.  Can you suggest one and give me their postcode and phone number?|The soul tree nightclub is quite lively. Their postcode is cb23qf and their phone number is 01223477900.
Great, thank you! That's all for today! Bye bye!|Thank you for using Cambridge TownInfo centre. Have a great day!
I am traveling to Cambridge and excited about seeing location attractions. Could you help me find a place to go, like a college?|Certainly. I have many available. Is there a particular area you are looking in? I have several in the west and centre.
Can you give me the entrance fee for one of the colleges in the centre?|Corpus christi is 2 pounds, which is in centre.
I'm also looking for a hotel in the centre. I don't want to stay in a guesthouse. It needs to be a hotel.|I can book you at the university arms hotel. It has a 4 star rating, free parking and wifi. Does this interest you?
Yes. That would be great.|What will be the first day you will stay and how long will you be staying?
I want to stay for 5 nights starting on Tuesday.|I'm sorry but you'll have to book another day or a shorter stay. When would you like to stay?
Can you see if they have just 1 night available?|Your booking was successful with a reference number of S1HTVV32. Is there anything else I can do for you today?
I need a taxi please between the 2 places.  I want to leave the attraction by 2:30.|Booking completed! Please look out for a Grey BMW, their contact number is 07130839627. Is there anything else I can help with?
Awesome, thanks! I think that takes care of everything I needed.|Okay great please enjoy your stay and don't hesitate to call us back if you need anything else.
Where is the Abbey Pool and Astroturf pitch?|Is it in the east side of town.
What is the entrance fee and the address?|The fees charged by this venue fluctuate based on time of year so we do not have them, the address is pool way, whitehill road, off newmarket road.
Okay, thanks.  I am need some assistance booking a train for Monday.|I'd be happy to help with that! What are your departure and destination locations? And do you have a prefered time of day you'd like to travel?
I need to leave on monday and should depart from leicester and going to cambridge.|What time will your departure be?
I will be leaving at 17:00.|TR2078 leaves Leicester at 17:09 and costs 37.80 pounds per ticket.  Do you need me to book some seats for you?
No, that is okay.|Can I help with anything else today?
That is all, thanks for your help.|im glad i was able to help. have a good day
I am looking for a place to dine that serves sri lankan food in the centre.|There are not any restaurants serving Sri Lankan food in the centre of town. Should I check another type of food?
Yes, are there any options for Italian food in the centre?|There are 9 Italian restaurants in the center. Do you have a preferred price range?
I'd like the address, phone number and postcode for one of the cheap restaurants, please.|Pizza Hut City Centre is located at Regent Street City Centre, cb21ab. The phone number is 01223323737. Could I be of further assistance?
I'm looking for entertainment spots to visit near the restaurant. What kinds of things are there to do?|I have a lot of attractions to choose from in the centre. Perhaps you would be interested in visiting a church?
I'm interested in entertainment activities. Are there any theaters in the area of the restaurant?|There are four theatres near the centre. They are: adc theatre, cambridge arts theatre, mumford theatre, and the cambridge corn exchange.
Can you tell me about colleges in the center of town?|There are 13 colleges in the centre of town. Some of them have free entrance and some of them charge a fee.
Give me your recommendation for a college with a free entrance fee. Please include a phone number too.|I've heard great things about Hughes Hall.  Their entrance fee is free.  Would you like more information about them?
Can I get their phone number please|Hughes hall's phone number is 01223334898. Is there anything else you need?
Is there an entrance fee?|No. It is free to tour Hughes Hall.
Okay thank you for your help.|You are welcome! Is there anything else I can assist you with?
No, that's all I need. Thanks for your help.|Thank you. Have a great day, goodbye.
I'm looking for someplace fun to visit in town.|Well, there's lots of fun things to do including boats, museums, sports complexes, architecture, cinema and theaters. Do you have something specific in mind?
Hmm, I'm not sure.  Can you pick one for me?  I need it to be in the city centre.  I need a phone number, postcode, and attraction type.|the cambridge corn exchange is a theatre. Postcode is cb23qe and phone number is 	01223357851.
Can you find a restaurant by the name of sitar tandoori?|Sure! it's an indian restaurant located in the east. Do you want a reservation?
Yes please 6 people, at 14:45 on Thursday.|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Reference number is : TP86DT67.
i also want to book a taxi to commute between the two places.|Okay! When would you like to depart?
I would just to arrive by the time for the reservation. Can I have the contact number and car type please?|I booked you a black volkswagen and the contact number is 07208024782. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No, that's all. Thanks, goodbye.|You're welcome have a great day
I am looking for a restaurant that is expensive in the north.|There are many to choose from. What type of cuisine would you prefer? Chinese, French, European, Oriental?
I think I'll try Chinese.|There are two listings of chinese cuisine in the north area that are of a expensive price range.  There is hakka and the hotpot.
Hakka sounds interesting. Can you book a table for 3 at 16:30 on Sunday please?|There are no tables available at that time.  Would you like to try a different time or day?
How about an hour earlier?|Yes, the table was available for 15:30.  The booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Reference number is : RRKZOI5C.
Can you find me an attraction in the same area, too?|There are four attractions in the north, are you interested in a park, boating or a swimming pool?
Any is fine. Could I get the postcode once you've found one?|The Riverboat Georgina's postcode is cb43ax.
Could you also get me a taxi to go between the two places, I'd like to arrive at the restaurant by the booked time.|Booking completed. Your contact number is 07550175887 and the car type is a grey lexus. Can I help you with anything else?
No thank you, that is everything that I need.|Okay great, have a good day.
What type of attractions are in the centre?|I found 44 things. what about all saints church?
That sounds cool! Can I get their address, postcode, and entrance fee?|The address is jesus lane, the post code is cb58bs, and it's  free to enter. Is there anything else?
I'd also like to find a guesthouse to stay in.|Most of the accommodations in Cambridge are guesthouses, so I'm sure we can find something for you. Do you have a certain area or price range in mind?
Well I would like a 4-star place with free wifi, if possible.|I have found 18 guesthouses that would work. Perhaps we can narrow this down. What part of town would you like to stay in?
Can we make that a hotel instead?|There are 2 hotels in the west and one in the centre. the one in the centre is cheap and the other two are expensive.
Okay, thanks! Are they both 4-star?|They are all 4 star. Do you have a price preference?
I'm sorry, I haven't been clear. I am looking for a guesthouse, not a hotel. Is there a  4-star guesthouse with free wifi?|I have many options. what area would you like to be in ?
It doesn't matter what area.  I'll need free wifi.  I need to book for 5 people for 2 nights starting Monday.  I'll need the reference number please.|How about price. Is there a certain range you want to stay in?
Not really. What's your recommendation?|I have the Allenbell, East area, cheap price and a guesthouse. Shall I book that?
Yes go ahead and book it for 5 people and two nights starting this Monday.|Booking was successful.
Reference number is : BD7V5LON.
that is all for now thatk you.|you are welcome
thank you again|enjoy your stay
I really have to go now. I'm going to be late for work. Thanks for the help. Goodbye.|thanks for using our services
I need a train leaving from cambridge and should leave on tuesday.|There are several trains that may suit your needs. Do you have a particular destination in mind?
I would like one going to Kings Lynn and should arrive by 11:00|My last train of the day for Kings Lynn is TR7548 which departs at 10:11 and arrives by 10:58. Would that work for you?
Yes, that's fine, thank you! That's all I need.|Thank you for using our service today.
it has been my pleasure.|Thank you for using our service. Have a great night. Goodbye.
I'm sorry, I am also looking for an attraction in the town centre. Can you locate anything architectural?|The Holy Trinity Church on Market Street is a great attraction that meets your needs. Does that sound good?
Can you tell me what theatres are in cambridge please?|We have four theatre's  in the centre of town and one theatre on the south side. Do you have a preference on location?
I'm interested in the one on the south side of town. Please provide me their postcode and phone number.|Phone number is 01223511511, and postcode is cb17gx
Thank you. Are there any trains leaving for cambridge from leicester that would get me there by 11:30?|Several, do you have a day you're interested in travelling on?
Yes I'd like to travel on Friday.|There are 5 trains that fit your needs. May I book one of them for you?
Sure, for 8 people please.|TR4170 leaves leicester at 9:09 and arrives in cambridge on Friday at 10:54. 8 tickets are booked, reference #: CL4V2583. Do you need further help?
No, that is it, thanks!|Your welcome, have a great day
I am coming to cambridge and would like to dine at a chinese restaurant.|Do you have a price range in mind?
Price doesn't matter but it needs to be in the centre.|There are 10 chinese restaurants in the centre. Would you like to narrow it down by price or would you like me to suggest one?
Suggest one and I need a reservation for 7 people at 17:00 on Friday and the reference number. I also would like information on Cambridge and County Folk Museum.|Alright, I have your booking. Your reference number is: E44GIS9D. I hope you like Charlie Chan's! The C&C folk museum is on the westside, address 2-3 castle street.
That is everything that I need, thanks for your help.|Thank you for using our service!
Hello, a friend recommend I try out Camboats while I'm in town. Can you tell me more about it?|camboats is a boat in the east.  Do you need a phone number?
Yes, please, and also the address.|The phone number for Camboats is 01223902112 and the address is The Plough, Green End, Fen Ditton. Can I help you with anything else?
Can you tell me the entrance fee?|I'm sorry. I don't have any information on the entrance fee. I'm not sure if they have one or not.
Okay, don't worry about it. Just please find me a train that arrives in cambridge by 13:30|TR5219 leaves from london kings cross at 05:17 	arriving at Cambridge on Friday at 06:08. Would you like me to book a seat?
you didn't even ask where i'm leaving. or what time. you're not very helpful "Help Desk"|I think there was a bad connection or a line crossed on that last sentence.   I have the arrival time as 13:30, I just need the day.
I will be traveling on Thursday.|I have a train on Thursday that arrives by 12:08. Will that do for you?
Yes, that would be fine. I'll need tickets for 7 people.|Done! The total is 165.20 Pounds, payable at the station. Your reference number is 1AGJWGQ4. Can I help you with anything else?
No, thank you. I have everything I need right now. Goodbye.|I am glad to help you.  Have a good day.
Can you give me some information on the Worth House?|That is a nice guesthouse located on Warkworth Terrace on the East side of town.  Can I tell you something in particular?
i want to book the hotel for two people and five nights starting from monday|I have booked Warkworth House starting Monday for 5 days for 2 people. Reference #XLIO11MV.
Thanks so much for the help.|You are welcome, have a good trip.
Great, thanks.  Can you also recommend something fun to do in the south part of town?|Sure, is there a particular type of activity you are interested in.  A museum or nightclub perhaps?
I'd like to take a stroll at a park.|You're in luck; there are two beautiful parks in the south and both have free admission. Sheep's green and lammas land park fen causeway or wandlebury country park.
can i get the phone number for wandlebury country park?|Sure, the phone number is 01223243830.
Also what car type is it?|I'm sorry, I don't understand your question.  Do you need to book a taxi?
Sorry to confuse. Yes, can I book a taxi from Wandlebury Country Park to Warkworth House. I want to leave by 11:30.|Your taxi is booked, a grey tesla. Your contact number is 07097592462. May I help with something else?
No thank you have a nice day.|Thank you for contacting us have a nice day.
Hi, I am looking for a place to swim at in cambridge.|There are four, including parkside pools located in the centre.
May I have their phone numbers and the entrance fee for the pools.|The number for parkside pools is 01223446100.  You will need to call them to see if there is an entrance fee.
Thanks, also in the centre of Cambridge, could you find me an asian oriental place to dine?|There are 4 options for asian oriental which range from cheap to expensive.  Do you have a preference?
I prefer moderate cost|The Yippee Noodle Bar is moderately priced.  Would you like me to book you a table?
Yes I would like to book a table for 7 on Monday at 17:45|Unfortunately it is not available at that time or party size.
Let's try 16:45 then.|You now have a 16:45 reservation for 7 at Yippee Noodle Bar. Your reference number is BOZ3MSRO.
That is all I need. Thank you.|You are very welcome. Goodbye.
Can you find a place to dine for me?|There are many wonderful places to dine in Cambridge.  What type of cuisine and price range would you prefer?
I would like to eat catalam food that is expensive and located in the centre of town please.|I'm sorry, it doesn't appear there is any Catalan food in Cambridge. Would you like to try something else?
How about one that serves Italian food?|There are 4 expensive Italian places in city centre. May I recommend Caffe Uno? I could make a reservation for you, if you like.
Yes please, close to the city center sounds good.|Okay that is close it city centre,can I make a booking for you?
not now but you get me the address and phone number|Caffe Uno is located at 32 Bridge Street City Centre. Their phone number is 01223448620. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I would like some information on attractions in town that would be in the centre of town.|we have 44 attractions in the centre of town. Do you have a type in mind?
Perhaps a boating attraction. Is there one in the centre of town?|There are two, however both do not have admission fees pubicaly available. Do you have one in particular in mind or shall I randomly choose one?
No, either one will work. Could you get me their phone number?|The phone number for the Cambridge punter is 07807718591. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Nope. That's all. Thanks a bunch. Goodbye.|i am happy i was of help. gooday
What kind of attractions are available in the centre?|There is the Holy Trinity Church on Market Street. It is free to get in.
Are there any places that have multiple sports?|Sorry there are no listings for multiple sports,can I check in another area?
How about any that are about architecture?|There are several.  I like Old Schools on Trinity Lane.  Great place to see.
Could I get the address please?|The address of Old Schools is Trinity Lane in the centre. Would you like more info?
Yes, may I have the phone number and postcode? Also, is there an entrance fee?|The phone number is 01223332320 and the entrance fee is free. The post code is cb21tt.
Thank you that is all I needed.|You're welcome! Enjoy your visit! Goodbye.
I am looking for places to go in town.|We have many options to choose from, is there a particular type of place you are interested in seeing?
Somewhere in the Centre, entertainment.|There aren't any attractions of that type in the Centre unfortunately, do you have an alternative preference?
I could also go to a college instead.|What about Christ's college? it's free to get in.
Can you give me the address for Christ's college please?|Sure, it is located on Saint Andrew's Street, postcode cb23bu.  Admission is free.  Can I be of further help today?
Yes, I need a train coming from Ely on Friday.|There are 10 trains fitting your criteria. Do you a time preference on arrival or departure?
Yes, it will need to leave after 12:30. I'll just book it for one person to cambridge.|Train ID TR9236 leaves at 13:35 and arrives in Ely at 13:52.  Would you be interested in booking that option?
Yes. I need to book for one.|Okay, your reference number is 1A7ZKZ7F. Is there anything else you need?
That is all. Thank you for your help.|Thank you for contacting Cambridge TownInfo centre.  I hope you have a pleasant trip!  Goodbye!
I need to find a train that leaves Cambridge after 08:15.|Ok, I have many trains meeting that criteria. What day would you be traveling and what is your destination?
I'm looking to travel on Friday from cambridge to peterborough, please.|There are 31 options available. The first leaves at 8:34 and arrives in Peterborough at 9:24. Does that work for you?
Sure. Can you please tell me the price?|The total price is 16.50 pounds.
Thank you. There's one more thing. I have a few hours to unwind while I am in town. What type of attractions are available?|There are so many! Did you want something near the centre? I have Museums, cinemas and parks!
I am looking for a Cinema in the west. Is one available in the area? If not, how about a Museum in the same area?|There are actually 7 museums in the west. I highly recommend Cambridge Book and Print Gallery. Would you like the postcode and address?
Could I just get the phone number please?|The phone number is 01223694264
Okay, thanks so much for your help. Goodbye!|You're welcome, thanks for contacting us. Text back any time!
I am in the centre of town and I need somewhere to go.|There are 44 attractions near you, can you narrow down what you would like to see? A museum perhaps?
Anything is fine. Send me to your favorite place in the city, just be sure to give me the postcode.|The Man on the Moon concert hall is my favorite. Their postcode is cb12lf. Can I help you with anything else today?
I'm looking for a train from Ely to Cambridge.|What day would you like to travel, and at what time?
I'm going Monday and need to leave after 08:00.|There are 8 trains, TR2987 leaves at 9:35 if you'd like that.
That would be fine. What is the price?|4.40 pounds. would you like me to book it for you?
No thanks. I will go ahead and book later. I think that's all the information I need for today.|All right, then. Thank you for calling. Have a nice day.
I'd like to find some place to go on the east side of town.|I can certainly suggest something for you. I have 10 options. Do you prefer an entertainment venue, or perhaps a museum or park, etc?
I would prefer just anything in the east, can you give me the address and attraction type of one?|No problem. How does the Funky Fun House sound? It is standard entertainment and it is located at 8 mercers row, mercers row industrial estate.
Sounds great. That's all I needed. Thank you!|Thank you. Have a good day, goodbye.
I am interested in attractions located in the centre of town.|There are 44 attractions in the center area could you be more specific as to what you'd like to see?
I would like to see an art museum and know the entrance fee.|the broughton house gallery museum offers free admission.
That's great I'm also looking for a train to go to broxbourne and it should leave after 12:45|What day do you need the train for?
I need the train for wednesday.|What is your departure site and arrival time?
I'll be leaving from Cambridge; arrival time isn't important. I just need to leave after 12:45.|Okay, how about the TR6167 leaving at 13:01 and arriving by 14:01 with a duration of 60 minutes? The price is 17.90 pounds. Will you be traveling alone or with guests?
I need to book a ticket for 5 people and get a reference number|Your reference number is LUOBDJXL
Thank you so much for your help! That's all I needed!|Have a great day!
You as well, thanks!|Thanks again, goodbye!
I want to find a Chinese restaurant in the cheap price range.|sure, i have four options for you
Great, what are they?|You have the Charlie Chan, the Rice House, the Lucky Star, and the Golden House. Would you like to make a booking for any of these?
You decide. I need the area their located in|I recommend Charlie Chan located on Regent Street, City Centre, in the town centre.
Can you book a table for me?|how many people and what time?
Actually, I won't need a booking. I'll just need the phone number, address and area, please?|sure, phone is 01223361763 address is regent st city centre and its in the centre of town, anything else?
I'm  looking for places to go in town. The attraction should be in the centre.|How does the Mumford Theatre sound to you?
Its sounds great, what is the address and post code please?|Sure, the address is anglia ruskin enterprise, east road post code cb11pt. Would you like a reservation?
No, i don't need anything else! Thanks and have a good day!|You are welcome. Goodbye.
I am looking for college attractions in the centre.|I have about 13 different colleges in that area. Might I suggest Saint John's College. It does have a small entrance fee of 2.50 pounds but is one of the nicest.
That is a wonderful suggestion. What is the address and may I have their phone number?|They are located on saint john's street and their number is 01223338600.
Great!  Also I would like to find a place to eat. Somewhere in the same area and expensive.|There are 33 expensive restaurants in the centre. What type of food do you feel like having?
I don't care about the type of food.  Do you have a suggestion?|There is a great seafood place in the city centre called Loch Fyne. They have some of the best reviews overall. Would you like more info about them or a table?
That sounds great.  Please book a table for 1 at 19:45 on Monday.|I booked your reservations at Loch Fyne for Monday at 19:45 the reference number is 4A4FODSE. Is there anything else I can do for you?
Nope, that's all I need today. Thank you for your help - goodbye!|You are very welcome. I hope you enjoy your trip and have a fantastic day!  Call anytime for assistance.
Thanks.  I'm looking for a place to go on the south.|Would you prefer a museum or a nightclub?
A museum, please.|There's one museum called byard art that fits your needs.
Can I get the phone number for that?|The phone number is 01223464646. What else can I assist with?
No, thanks so much!|Glad to help, please let us know if you need any further assistance.
Where can I find a restaurant located in the Cambridge centre?|There are 69 Restaurants in Centre. What type of food and price range?
I'm actually looking for an attraction in the center of town.|There are 44 attractions in the centre, what type of attraction are you interested in?
The attraction should be in the centre.
I need the entrance fee, phone number, and attraction type|I would suggest all saints church.  It is an architecture attraction. Their phone number is  01223452587 and the entry is free.
Thank you for the information.  I do have one other request.  I am looking for information on a restaurant that caught my attention called Fitzbillies.|Fitzbillies is a fine British restaurant located at 51 Trumpington Street City Centre in postcode cb21rg. Would you like to book a table there?
Yes. I would like it for 1. 15:15 on Tuesday.|Ok.  I have your table booked for Tuesday at 15:15.  Your reference number is B6IJH1ND.  They will hold the table for 15 minutes.
Great! Can you also book me a taxi from All Saints Church to Fitzbillies by 15:15?|You bet! The car type I booked for your taxi is a white volvo and the contact number is 07738755446
Great. Thank you so much!|I'm happy to be of service. Enjoy your time in Cambridge!
I need a train to leave from cambridge after 15:30.|Ok, lets get you set up, where are you going and on what day?
I will be leaving on saturday and going to london liverpool street.|I would recommend TR4859 which leaves Cambridge at 15:59 and arrives at London Liverpool Street at 17:27.
That sounds fine. Can you reserve 6 tickets for me please?|You're all booked.  TR4859 for 6 people will be 79.67 GBP.  Your reference number is CTETVS75.  Is there anything else I can help you with today?
I am looking for places to go in town. The attraction should be in the type of museum|There are 23 museums in cambridge.  Are you  interested in a particular type of  one in a certain part of town?
Not really.  Pick the best one for me!|I am very partial to the Cambridge Artworks museum located at 5 greens road and admission is free. Does that sound good?
That sounds great! What area and can I get the postcode?|It is located in the east and the postal code is cb13ef.
Great, thanks, that's all I need!|You're welcome, glad I could help.
Could you help me find Wandlebury Country Park?|Sure! The postcode for wandlebury country park is cb223ae. Would you like the phone number?
Yes please, and what area of the city is that in?|It is located in the south and the phone number is 01223243830.  Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Also want to find some place to eat.  West part of town with an expensive price range.|There are 57 expensive restaurants throughout the city can you tell me the type of food you might like to eat and maybe the area of town?
Yes, I would like an expensive restaurant in the west that serves british food, thanks.|We have two restaurants that meet your criteria - travellers rest and graffiti.
Can you book me a table for two at Travellers Rest at 17:15 on Tuesday?|You are booked. Remember they hold the table for 15 minutes and your reference number is OIHEYVVV. Can I assist you with anything else today?
That's all I need today. Thank you so much for your help!|Thank you! Please remember you can contact us at any time if you require assistance again! Have a great day!
I am looking for an expensive restaurant in the centre.|I found quite a few. What kind of food would you like?
I'd like an expensive gastropub.|I have the backstreet bistro in the centre of town, does that sound good?
That sounds perfect! Can you book a table for 5 people @ 13:30 on Saturday?|You are booked! They will hold the table for 15 minutes. Your reference number is IX1RPSY3. Can I help you with anything else today?
I would also like to know if there are any shows or concerts in town.|There are great concerts at The Man on the Moon concert hall. Their phone number is 01223474144, if you'd like to check coming attractions. Would that work for you?
Can you tell me the postcode on that and the entrance fee?|Their address is 2 norfolk stree. I am not sure of their entrance fee, they do not have it listed.
Could you give me the postcode?|The postcode is cb12lf. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No thank you, that is everything.|You're welcome! Just let us know if you need anything else.
Hi, could you tell me if Cambridge Book and Print Gallery is still open?|Yes, but I am unable to make a booking for you.  Would you like to do anything else?
That's fine, could you give me the address for the gallery please?|The address is 49 newnham road, is there anything else I could do for you?
Yes, I also need to find a train leaving from cambridge.  Can you help me with that?|Absolutely, where would you like to go?
I would like to go to london liverpool street on Thursday. I would like to leave after 16:00.|There are 4 trains that run during that period, do you have a preference for your arrival time?
Just any time leaving after 16:00, and I need tickets for 5 people.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 83 GBP payable at the station .
Reference number is : IG0M4C9S.
Great! I think that is all I need. I appreciate your help today.|Glad I could help you. Have a nice day.
Thank you! You have a nice day as well.|Thank you for contacting Cambridge TownInfo Centre, have a great day!
Thank you, you as well, goodbye.|Goodbye to you as well. I hope you have a wonderful day.
I'm looking to visit a college.|What area would you like to visit a college?
It can be anywhere in town.|There are many beautiful colleges to see I recommend Christ's college in the centre. Would you like more information?
Yes. May I have the address and the area it is in.|The address for christ's college is saint andrew's street in the centre. May I help you with something else today?
Yes I want to find an expensive chinese restaurant.|There are 9 options, but ugly duckling fits your needs and is in the centre near the college, would you like more information?
Could you book that place for 7 people on Sunday at 13:00?|Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Reference number is : BC3DZBXM
I am looking for an attraction with a boat.|I can help with that! I've pulled up several locations. Would you like the location in the east, north, or centre?
What about the south side of town? Are there any there?|No, I'm sorry, there are no boat attractions in the south. Would you be interested in another part of the city? Or maybe a different type of attraction?
How about a cinema?|I have the cineworld cinema located in the south at cambridge leisure park on clifton way.  The phone number is 00872208000.
Great, thank you.  I am also needing to book a train for a Sunday departure after 16:30.  Can you help me with that?|I'd be happy to help with your request, first I will need to know where will you be departing/arriving?
I am going to Norwich from Cambridge|TR2974 will leave at 17:16 and arrive by 18:35. Would you like to make a reservation?
no that is enough for now. thanks for helping|Thank you for letting us help you today.
Hi, I need help planning a trip to Cambridge. I'd like to go to the theatre while I'm in town, and I'll be in the city centre. Is there one there?|I actually have 4 different ones. If I may suggest one, the Mumford Theatre is new and really fun.
That sounds great, what's their phone number?|Their number is 08451962320
Thanks. I also need information about a specific restaurant called michaelhouse cafe. What can you tell me about it?|It's an expensive european place in the centre at St. Michael's Church Trinity Street City Centre cb21su with phone 01223309147. Would you like to book a table?
They serve European food then?|Yes michaelhouse cafe serves european food.  Would you like any other information about this resturant?
No, that's perfect, but I will need a taxi to go from Mumford Theatre, leaving by 12:00, to go to St. Michael's Church Trinity Street City.|I managed to book you for a taxi at that time.  It will be a white Audi and the contact number is 07947363494.  Is there anything else?
That will be all, thank you and goodbye.|Thank you for using our service. Have a great day. Goodbye.
Hi! I'm looking to visit a museum. Are there any in the west part of town?|There are two different museum which are cambridge and county folk museum and museum of classical archaeology. Which one would you like information for?
Can I get information on the County Folk Museum? Specifically the phone number and postcode.|Phone number is 01223355159 and postcode is cb30aq.
Thank you! Can you also find me a train going to Cambridge?|I can definitely help you with that!  Can you tell me where you will be departing from?
I'm departing from Kings Lynn sometime after 19:30.|Sure, there are 28 trains available, do you have a specific day in mind to leave?
Yes.  I'd like to travel on Friday.|The first train from Kings Lynn to Cambridge on Friday after 19:30 is the TR1082. It leaves Kings Lynn at 20:11. Would you like to book a ticket?
Yes, what time does it arrive in Cambridge?|It will arrive at 20:58
awesome! thank you so much!|Would you like me to book you a ticket on that train?
Nah that won't be necessary.|Great, is there anything else I can help you with?
That is all I needed today. Thank you so much.|You're welcome. Have a lovely day!
Hello, can you tell me about some colleges in town?|There are 18 colleges to choose from. Is there a specific area you are interested in?
I'm looking for college attractions in the cambridge area|Pembroke college is available would you like to visit that?
Yes please. What area is that in?|It is located in the centre. Would you like more information?
Yes, I would like to book a train for cambridge on tuesday|There are many options to choose from.  Can you give me the departure city and departure/arrival times?
I'll be departing from london liverpool street, and I'd like to arrive by 18:45.|I can get you a train that arrives at 17:07. Would you like to book that?
Yes for five people please.|Your booking is all set! Your reference number is 5WATWCJJ. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, I believe that's everything for now. Thank you for all of your help.|You're welcome! Have a great day!
I'm looking for a train to Ely. I need to arrive by 19:30.|We have the TR9933 train arriving at 18:07. Would you like me to book that for you?
That train is leaving from Cambridge on Sunday, correct?|With your new criteria, that train won't work anymore, but there are other options. What is your preferred departure time?
The departure time is of no concern, but I need to arrive on sunday in ely at 19:30 please.|TR2475 arrives in Ely at 08:07. Would you like any more information about this route or assistance booking a ticket?
Great. I need it booked for 6 people and could you give me the reference number. I'm also looking for places to go in the centre of town.|Your train is booked for 6 people.  The total fee is 21.12 GBP, which is payable at the station. Anything else I can help with?
I also am looking for an attraction to go to in the centre of town.|There are 44 attractions available, do you have a preference to the type of location?
Yes, in the centre of town.|Are you most interested in free attractions?
That would be fine. What is the name and address of one of those attractions?|Castle Galleries is a museum in the centre of town that has free admission.
Please give me their address|Sure, the address of Castle Galleries is unit su43, grande arcade, saint andrews street.
Great, thanks. That's all I need.|It's my pleasure. Thank you for allowing me to assist you. Goodbye!
i need info about cityroomz|Cityroomz is a moderate priced hotel located at sleeperz hotel, station road	in the centre. Free internet.
Thank you. Is it considered a hotel or guesthouse?|cityroomz is a hotel, the address is sleeperz hotel, station road
Thanks. I also need information for Sheep's Green and Lammas Land Park Fen Causeway. What can you tell me about it?|It is a beautiful park in the south part of town, on Fen Causeway, Newnham Road.  Admission is free.
Thanks so much, you've been really helpful. Have a great day. Bye!|You are so welcome. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I need help finding a train that will depart on Saturday.|Okay we have a lot of trains departing on Saturday. Where are you headed and where are you departing from?
I am going to Cambridge and leaving from Stevenage.|What time do you need to arrive?
by 18:45 please.|I have seven trains available.  What time do you want to leave?
The train should arrive by 18:45 and should leave on saturday.|I have train TR9925 leaving at 7:21 ad arriving at 8:10 and the cost is 10:24 pounds. Would you like reservations?
Yes please.  Also I am looking for a concerthall in the east.  If there are none available, how about a boat attraction.|I found one boat attraction.  Camboats located at the plough, green end, fen ditton.
I think that is all I need. Thank you.|Have a great time.
I would like to visit a museum in the east.|I have about 4 different ones. I would definitely say that Cambridge Artworks is one of the best. They have excellent exhibits.
Sounds good, what is the postcode for the Cambridge Artworks?|Sure. The postcode is cb13ef.
Thanks.  Can you tell me if there are any trains that could get me to Cambridge by 13:00?|Sure, where are you departing from, and what day are you traveling?
I'm flying in to Stansted Airport on Tuesday.|There are 8 to choose from, and the soonest departure is TR9892, which leaves at 05:24. Would you like me to book some tickets for you?
That seems to work.  I need 6 tickets.|Booking was successful, the total fee is 60.59 GBP payable at the station .
Reference number is : JC1Q1FZW.
That should be all for today.  Thank you for your help.|You're welcome! Have a great day!
I need an italian place in the moderate price range to eat at.|We have 5 options available that meet that criteria. Is there a specific area you would like?
Yes, I like you to tell me all 5 options,than I will decide!|OK, there are two Pizza Huts, two Pizza Expresses, and a Prezzo.
Are any of those options located in the centre of town?|Yes, both Pizza Express locations are in the centre. Would you like more information?
Choose one of them for me and let me know the phone number, address, and postcode please.|Sure, pizza express Regent Street City Centre cb21db, 01223324033. Would you like to book a table there?
I'll think about it, thank you. Could you reccommend a few attractions in the same area of town?|In the centre are the All Saints Church postcode cb58bs, the entrance is free. Also, the Great Saint Mary's Church postcode cb23pq entrance fee 2 pounds.
Please book a taxi between All Saints Church and pizza express, I'd like to leave the church by 21:45.|Okay your contact number is 07950726501
Your car is a grey bmw.
Okay that's all I need for now. Thank you.|Great! Thank you for using our services!
Hi, I need to spend some time in the town centre. Any interesting sights there?|We have a lot of things to see, did you have a certain type in mind?
Nothing in particular.  Can you give a recommendation?|If your're in to architecture, you should see Old Schools. It is located on Trinity Lane and entrance is free.
Could I get the phone number for old schools please?|The number is 01223332320.  Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes I need a train from Cambridge to Birmingham New Street to arrive 18:15.|What day and time would you like to leave?
I would be traveling on Thursday. I need to arrive by 18:15.|TR8126 arrives at 17:44 would that work for you?
What is the train ID and price please?|The train id is TR8126.
thank you I got all I need now|Thank you for contacting us and have a nice  day.
I'm looking for a certain hotel, can you help me find it?|Yes I can help.  What is the name of the hotel?
It is called finches bed and breakfast.|I found it, would you like me to book it for you?
Yes, please. I need a reservation for 5 people for 4 nights starting on Friday. If Friday is not available please check Tuesday.|I have a booking for 4 nights, starting on friday for 5 people.
Thank you. Could I have the reference number for my records, please?|The reference number is ELAA65RK. Can I be of further assistance?
Yes, I'm also looking for entertainment in the centre please.|sorry I am not showing any entertainment in that area something else perhaps?
I will go with a college instead, can you recommend one and give me the postcode?|The best college to visit is Downing College, in postcode cb21dq. Can I help you with anything else?
Can I help you with anything else?|I am good, thank you!
Good bye.|Thanks for letting us assist you today! Enjoy your visit!
i am looking for a place to stay. The hotel doesn't need to include internet and should include free parking.|Do you have any other constraints, such as location or price range?
The location and price range don't matter to me. I want a guesthouse with 4 stars.|We still have a lot of great options to choose from. Can I recommend the Alexander Bed and Breakfast in the centre of town?
Sure, that sounds fine, as long as you're sure it has free parking.|It does offer free parking. Would you like me to book it for you?
book for 1 people for 5 nights starting Thursday and get me the reference number please|Alexander bed and Breakfast  - 56 saint barnabas road  cb12de phone - 01223525725
And the reference number ?|I'm sorry about that.  Your reference number is 4PSP6FIB.
Thank you. I'd also like to find a cinema in the west side of town. Do you know of any in that area?|I'm sorry but there aren't any cinemas in the west.  Would you like to try another location.
Let's try for a museum in the west instead|The west is home to 7 museums. Entrance fees are either free or 3.50 pounds. I personally recommend kettle's yard.
That works, can you please provide the address for me?|Kettles Yard is located on Castle Street.  Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes.  I would like a taxi from the hotel to the museum please.|Okay, I need to know when you would like to leave the hotel and when you'd like to arrive at the museum please.
I'd like to leave the hotel by 10:30.|Your vehicle is a black volvo and they cbr at 	07186950865 any other questions?
No that's all I need. Have a good night.|Thank you for using our service.
i need a place to stay|Ok, and what part of the city would you like to stay in?
Downtown. In a guest house maybe.|I'm sorry, can you be more specific? Our city is divided into North, West, East, South and Centre.
I don't have a certain area in mind. But, I would like it to have 4 stars and that it is a guesthouse and not a hotel.|great, i have 18 options for you!
Okay, thank you! Will you please book it for 5 people for 4 nights, starting Tuesday?|Do you have a price range? The prices range from cheap to expensive.
Yes expensive and also looking for places to go nearby|The only 4 star guest house I found in the centre of town is a cheap one- the alexander bed and breakfast. Shall I book that for you?
Yes.  Book for 5 people, 4 nights and starting on Tuesday.|Ok, the booking was successful. Reference number is : NMT6HX2V. Can I help with anything else?
i need to book a car|Alright, shall I call a taxi or a bus for you?
a taxi that should leave by 05:30|what will be your destination?
Wait, I need to find a museum in the centre first, then i can get a taxi. I'm very sorry, I got a little ahead of myself.|There are 11 museums in the center. I recommend the whipple museum of the history of science for hours of fun. Do you need more information?
Yes, can I please have the phone number for the Whipple Museum of History?|The phone number to the whipple museum of the history of science is 01223330906. Can I assist you with anything else, today?
Okay, let's book the taxi now.  I need to get between the two places.|OKay. I will work on getting this booked and be right back with you.
I want to leave the whipple museum of the history of science at 05:30 to go to the alexander bed and breakfast, please.|Just to clarify.  You need to be picked up at the Whipple Museum of History at 05:30. Your drop off point is the alexander bed and breakfast. Correct?
Yes that's correct. Can I also have the phone number and type of car that will be picking me up.|Yes, you will be picked up in a black honda and their contact number is 07420056662. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No thank you. Thanks for everything! Bye!|You are very welcome. It has been a pleasure assisting you today. Enjoy your trip and have a great day. Goodbye
Yes I'd like to find a hotel with free parking and 5 star rating.|I'm sorry I can't located anything with that criteria.
Can you try it in a different area please?|I apologize but I don't recall you mentioning an area you preferred. Can you tell me what area and I will search again for you?
I don't have a preference, but I guess we could stay in a four star hotel with free parking if we absolutely had to.|We have plenty of those! Surprisingly, the 4-star places we have range in price from cheap to expensive. Do you have a preference?
I'm actually looking for a 5 star place. Any available?|No, I can't find anything with 5 stars, do you want to try something else?
Sure, let's try a 4 star hotel.|acorn guest house	is found in the  north 154 chesterton road
I would actually like a 4 star hotel, not a guesthouse.|How about the University Arms Hotel in the centre of town? Does that sound nice? I can book you a room if you'd like.
Is the University Arms a 4 star hotel?|Correct, it is a 4-star hotel in the centre area. Would you like to book it?
Please book it for 8 people starting Monday for 3 nights.|I'm sorry, I was unable to book the hotel for the time frame that you desire.  Would you like to try another night or a shorter stay?
Ok, can we try 2 nights instead please?|Booking was successful.
Reference number is : S3T89UYV.
I'm looking to stay at a 4 star place with free wifi.|I have 21 options like that. Would you prefer a certain area of town or price range?
Are any in the North?|There are 5 options in the north.
OK, can you book a room for me at your favorite place? 4 of us will arrive on Tuesday, and we need to stay for 3 nights.|Reference number is : NBAUDV7Y. Is there anything else you need?
I am also looking for an attraction called the cherry hinton village centre. Do you have any information about this place?|Here is the address colville road, cherry hinton.
Great, can I also have the postcode and phone number?|Phone number is:01223576412 and the postcode is cb19ej. Can I help you with anything else?
Thank you, I am also looking to book a taxi to commute between these places. I will be leaving the attraction around 12:45.|Booking completed!
Booked car type	:	blue tesla
Contact number	:	07305330660
Awesome. Thanks so much for your help today!|Thank you for contacting the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Goodbye
I want to visit the centre while I am here, what are some of the attractions available to me?|Our city centre is full of wonderful attractions! Is there a specific type you're interested in visiting?
I don't care.|We have 79 different attractions to choose from. Would you like to visit a museum?
Yes a museum sounds good,adress and phone number please|okay, there are 11 museums in the centre. I recommend Castle Galleries.
I also need a place to eat. It can be expensive and I would like the restaurant to serve Asian oriental food.|Sure, there's Saigon City in the north, how does that sound?
Yes, could you book that. Saturday, 3 people, 13:30.|You're all set. Your reference is VDXACZR1 and the table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Can you also book a taxi to commute between the two place?|Booking completed! The  car is a black honda and the contact number is 07396246163.
Thanks a lot. That does it for me. Goodbye.|Glad to be of help. Thank you for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Have a great day
I am looking for a cheap modern European restaurant. Can you help me?|The River Bar Steakhouse and Grill fits that description. Would you like me to book you?
Yes. 3 people at 13:00 on Thursday.|I will book that for you now.
Thank you! What's the reference number?|I have booked your table and the reference number is : A36LRSL9.
I am also looking for places to go where I can take a boat.|Yes I have places in the east, north and center. Any preference?
Preferably in the centre, I'll be staying in that area with some friends.|There is a place in the centre named Scudamores punting co where you can get a boat.  Would you like their phone number or address?
Yes, may I get the address, entrance fee and phone number please?|Yes, they are located at Granta Place, Mill Lane, postcode cb21rs.  You will have to call for an entrance fee, the phone number is 01223359750.
Thanks, that's all I needed today. Goodbye!|You're welcome. Call back if you need further assistance.
I am looking to travel to Cambridge by train.|What is your departure day, time, and location?
I'll be leaving from london liverpool street on Tuesday. I need to arrive by 12:30.|There is a train that leaves at 07:39 and arrives at 09:07. Should I book this one?
No, I just need the price and Train ID for the 9:07 train.|Sure, the trainID is TR2715 and the price is 16.60 GBP per ticket. Can I help with anything else today?
Actually yes, I also want to find out what kind of boating attractions there are.|I see Camboats, Riverboat Georgina, Scudamores Punting Co., and The Cambridge Punter listed.
I'd like the address for the Riverboat Georgina, please.|Certainly, riverboat georgina, cambridge passenger cruisers, jubilee house. Is there anything else I can do for you?
I think that's everything, thank you for your time.|Thank you, enjoy your visit!
